{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387299", "title": "\u2018NU teachers responsible for exam fee hike\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Senate meeting of the Nagpur University's last Saturday was rocked by the issue of 'exorbitant' hike in exam fees, which was opposed tooth and nail by the members.A lawyer, Mohan Bajpayee strongly supported roll back in fees, stating that fees were doubled in last five years. He also suggested a solution to the problem by informing the House that NU had hiked teachers' remuneration three times for conducting evaluation work and if it was reduced, the exam fees could be brought down significantly. He cited Section 32(5)(g) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, which makes it mandatory for the teachers to help with university exam work and that their refusal could lead to disciplinary action. He questioned why teachers were being paid for mandatory work when evaluation work was being done 'on duty'. Mahindra Nimbarte, Samir Kene and Ritesh Ganar also endorsed his stand.Though Bajpayee's suggestions were openly accepted by commerce dean Bharat Meghe and few others, a majority of teachers in the Senate didn't like the idea but preferred not to express it. Senior NU officials, however, admitted that if teachers' remuneration was stopped, the exam fees would reduce by more than half. \"Some teachers earn up to Rs 3 lakh during winter exams. The teaching community is primarily responsible for most of the problems. Poor evaluation of papers which forces students to apply for revaluation is one of them. Even the Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court had rapped NU evaluators for poor quality of valuation in case of a law student Richa Inamdar,\" officials told TOI.Citing the case of teachers who evaluate state board exam papers, the officials questioned that when they were not paid any remuneration despite comparatively higher number of students than NU, why university teachers should be paid for it. Officials further added that with implementation of sixth pay commission, their salaries are sky high, new a lecturer getting a minimum of 50,000 - 55,000 at start. Those having five years or more experience were getting 70,000- 80,000 while lectures with minimum 15 years of experience were offered 1-1.5 lakh.\"Out of 365 days in a year, a lecturer's working days are 210 and for checking papers, they have to be on duty from 11am to 5pm only. Still, they take home lakhs including travel and dearness allowances. They also get their full salary in this period, the NU officials informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385650", "title": "Bumper crops predicted in 2012", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kicking off the Nandana Naama Samvatsaram here on Friday, astrologers predicted bountiful crops but warned the state to be aware of agitations, natural calamities and outbreak of diseases.At the annual Panchanga Sravanam held at Ravindra Bharathi on the occasion of Ugadi, noted astrologer and Dean, School of Social and other Sciences at Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University, Prof C V B Subramanyam, said that though the state will get copious crops, the administrators should ensure that farmers get a minimum support price (MSP) to sell their produce. He warned the state to be prepared for huge financial expenditure as it could face several agitations and natural calamities.This Nandana Naama Samvatsaram will give exposure at an international level to students from the state and Andhra Pradesh will be internationally recognised for its contribution to science and technology, Subramanyam said. He also hinted that sick industries in the state can see a revival and overall, people of the state will lead a prosperous and happy life. However, Subramanyam steered away from political predictions. Another astrologer predicted good monsoons and said that the state will get good rains between June and August and record a normal rainfall.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, ministers C Ramachandraiah (Endowments), Anam Ramnarayan Reddy (Finance), Erasu Pratap Reddy (Law), Vatti Vasantha Kumar (Rural Development), Kanna Lakshminarayana (Agriculture), K Jana Reddy (Panchayat Raj) and Secunderabad Lok Sabha MP Anjan Kumar Yadav were present on the occasion.Speaking on the occasion, chief minister Kiran Kumar announced a grant of Rs one crore for the renovation and modernisation of Ravindra Bharathi (on the eve of the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore) and added that the government was ready to sanction another Rs 1 crore if required. The CM also announced a grant of Rs one crore for the renovation of Lalitha Kala Thoranam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386470", "title": "Anna to fast for whistleblower's law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Emboldened by a united opposition against the government's version of the Lokpal Bill, team Anna on Friday said that it would no longer engage with the government but seek public opinion on corruption.Social activist Anna Hazare , who is presently in capital, reiterated his demand of dropping the \"useless\" government Bill and warned that the recent assembly election verdict was a precursor of the things to come.Anna will sit on a day-long fast at Jantar Mantar on Sunday to press his demand for a strong whistleblower's law to protect those working against corruption.Opposition parties hardened their stand on amendments to the Lokpal Bill even suggesting that the legislation be redrafted and brought in the second half of the budget session of Parliament at the all-party meeting called by the PM.\"There was an all party meeting but no decision was taken because of failure of parties to arrive at a consensus. Whether the government brings Lokpal or not, we will go to the Parliament,\" he said.\"The Lokpal Bill of the government is useless and will not end corruption. If the government does not bring the Jan Lokpal Bill by 2014 election, we will have to organize a big movement,\" said the septuagenarian anti-graft activist.Anna added, \"The government said yes to our Bill (Jan Lokpal) in the joint committee, standing committee and even in Parliament, but it reversed its decision suddenly.''\"Twenty five people who fought against corruption were murdered. We have been stressing on protection of whistleblowers through a law, but the government is not ready to do it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12386967", "title": "Allahabad remembers martyrs", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A function was organised at Chandra Shekhar Azad Park on the martyrdom day of Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru on Friday. Speakers remembered the great sacrifice of the valiant sons of the soil and exhorted people to tread on the path of sacrifice for the sake of the country.Children presented a cultural programme on the occasion. They also recreated the scene of hanging of the three martyrs. They also sang many patriotic songs during the programme. Policemen presented a Guard of Honour in the memory of freedom fighters. A function was also organised at the Jal Sansthan office on the Allahabad Municipal Corporation campus.Speakers recalled the sacrifice of Bhagat Singh. Ram Singh, president of Jalkal Karamchari Kalyan Sewa Samiti said in the present times when the policies of capitalism and imperialism are being implemented in the country, the gap between haves and have nots is widening. The democracy is being threatened by mafia and musclemen. Scores of stone quarry workers and political activists observed the 80th martyrdom at Lalai village in Shankargarh area of Bara tehsil on Friday/ The busts of the three martyrs were garlanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387123", "title": "Nigerian held for creating ruckus", "text": "JAIPUR: A 34-year-old Nigerian, an accused under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act, was arrested for creating a ruckus at Sanganeri Gate Mahila Chikitsalya on Thursday. He was in the middle of a heated argument with some auto drivers when the police took him into custody.He was booked under Section 151 of the IPC and produced in a court which remanded him in judicial custody on Friday. According to the police, the accused Michael Beg is a resident of Lagos, Nigeria. \"He had been arrested by Sadar police station under the NDPS Act. A court had recently released him on bail. He did not have a valid visa and other documents,\" said a police officer.The officer added that the police was informed that he was creating a ruckus following which he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12386635", "title": "Kamatibaug to get new toy train, fountain with laser show", "text": "VADODARA: The serene environs and sculptures at Kamatibaug have enticed many over the years, but there have been few other options for entertainment. The garden will soon see major value addition with a toy train much like Kankaria lake and a musical fountain with a laser show being planned there.Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) had promised in the budget for the year 2012-13 that Kamatibaug will have more attractions and earmarked Rs 10 crore for the garden. And the civic body has started working in this direction even before the financial year commences on April 1. The civic body had called parties who were keen on taking up the project and saw their presentations.The VMC has already invited expressions of interest for the fountain as well as the train and these have been examined by the civic body. \"We have considered the technical bids. The presentations of those who showed interest were also seen. Further procedures will be taken up soon,\" said municipal commissioner Ashwini Kumar.VMC officials said that the fountain was being planned opposite the Band Stand in the Kamatibaug. \"There is enough space for it there and people will also be able to stand or sit around the fountain to see it,\" said a VMC official.The route of the new toy train is also being planned along the route of present toy train that covers almost the entire garden. While the present train is meant only for children, the new one will also accommodate adults like the train does at Kankaria lake in Ahmedabad. \"It will also be good to look at unlike the present one. We plan to ensure that it becomes a major attraction in the garden as well as the city,\" said an official.Both the fountain and the train are being developed on a public-private partnership model. This would imply that the civic body will have to make little investments and the private partner will have to bear a bulk of the cost of installation, operations and maintenance.The civic body is also planning a 'youth space' in the garden targeting the youngsters. It plans to provide sitting arrangements, cafeteria and other amenities there so that even the youths hang out at the garden and spend time there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12387728", "title": "Two magistrates take the stand in Muskan case", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was an unusual scene in the Coimbatore Mahila court on Thursday, when two magistrates turned up as witnesses in the Muskan sibling murder case. A special public prosecutor and defense lawyer examined them. R Muskan, 10 and her 7-year-old brother R Hirithik were abducted by a call taxi driver Mohanakrishnan and his friend R Manoharan on October 29, 2010. They were killed and dumped in the Parambikulam-Aliyar-Project (PAP) canal near Ankalakurichi, Pollachi in Coimbatore district. Muskan Jain was also brutally raped before her body was dumped along with that of her brother.Judicial Magistrate -I L S Sathiyamurthy who got a confession statement from accused R Manoharan on November 19 and 20, 2010, was included as witness number 28 in the case. Like wise, Judicial Magistrate -VII C Deivam who conducted identification parade for Mohanakrishnan at Coimbatore Central Prison, was included as witness number 29. The two magistrates were examined by the special public prosecutor U Sankaranarayanan and defense lawyer M Irudhayaraj on Thursday at Mahila court.The magistrate Sathiyamurthy was alone cross examined for at least one and a half hours by the public prosecutor and defense lawyer. The court has been adjourned till March 30 and other witnesses will be examined later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390931", "title": "Best Graduate Schools", "text": "US News 2013 rankings of Best Graduate Schools were released recently. The rankings highlight the top programmes in business, law, medicine, engineering, and education, among other specialties.One change in the methodology this year has been the introduction of the following factors in the part-time MBA rankings, in addition to peer assessments from B-school deans and programme directors: the percentage of graduate business students in a school that is part-time, as well as entering part-time students' average undergraduate GPA, average GMAT score, and average months of work experience.Business: After dropping below Stanford University last year, Harvard University is now tied with Stanford at the top of the business school rankings. Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan School of Management fell from a third-place tie last year to a fourth-place tie this year with Northwestern University's Kellogg School and University of Chicago's Booth School of Business. Meanwhile, University of Notre Dame was among the most improved schools in the rankings, moving from a three-way tie for 37th into a five-way tie for the 25th position.In the part-time MBA rankings, Kellogg, previously tied for first with Chicago's Booth School, took sole possession of first this year. Booth is now tied for second with the Haas School of Business at the University of California Berkeley, which improved from the third place. Georgetown University (which moved from an eight-way tie last year for 21st to 14th) was among the most improved. Some of the largest drops were from Washington University in St Louis (from 10th to a four-way tie for 21st) and University of Wisconsin Madison (from a four-way tie for 11th to a four-way tie for 21st).Law: No major changes occurred atop the Best Law Schools rankings, referred to in the legal community as the top 14 (T14). Yale University remained number one, with Stanford University moving from third to second, and Harvard University dropping from second to the third position. University of Washington rose from a five-way tie for 30th to a two-way tie for 20th, and Arizona State University soared from a two-way tie for 40th to a three-way tie for the 26th place.Georgetown University remained the top part-time institution for the Juris Doctor (JD) programme. George Washington University improved from third to second, and Brooklyn Law School climbed from a two-way tie for fifth to third. Several schools rose more than 10 slots, including two programmes that had previously been tied for the 30th with Hofstra University moving to a five-way tie for 13th, and Loyola Marymount University improving to 18th and University of the Pacific (from a two-way tie for 38th to a four-way tie for 23rd). Loyola University, Chicago had one of the biggest drops (from a two-way tie for 16th to a two-way tie for 33rd position).Medicine: While Harvard University maintained its top position in the medical research rankings, Johns Hopkins University moved up a slot from third to share second with the University of Pennsylvania this year. There were no major shifts in the top-10 list, but Duke University fell from a four-way tie for fifth to ninth, and Columbia University moved up from a two-way tie for 10th to the eighth position.In the primary care rankings, the University of Washington and the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill maintained the top two spots, respectively. Within the top 10, the University of Michigan Ann Arbor , rose from a four-way tie for 20th to a two-way tie for 8th with University of Minnesota . The biggest movement in the top 50 was from Dartmouth Medical School, which climbed 29 spots to a 38th place tie with Tufts University .Engineering: Massachusetts Institute of Technology retained its spot as the top ranked engineering programme. Some of the movements in the top 10 came from the California Institute of Technology (from 7th to a two-way tie for 5th with University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign) and Purdue University West Lafayette, which moved from a two-way tie for 11th into a two-way tie for 10th with Cornell University . Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey New Brunswick had the biggest jump within the top 50, climbing nine slots to a five-way tie for the 49th position.Education: In the education programme rankings, Vanderbilt University reclaimed the top spot. Notable changes in the top 10 include Johns Hopkins University which leapt from a two-way tie for 18th to a two-way tie for 6th with University of California Los Angeles and University of Pennsylvania, which climbed from a two-way tie for 12th to a three-way tie for 9th with Northwestern University and University of Wisconsin Madison. Within the top 50, two schools, University of Florida and University of Nebraska Lincoln , rose more than 15 slots to a three-way tie for the 34th position.To see the full list of US News Graduate School Rankings, log on tohttp://grad-schools.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-graduate-schools(The writer is a reporter, US News World Report)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386332", "title": "\u2018Jilted lover\u2019 stabs woman on busy street", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old woman was stabbed in a busy street in Malad (East) in broad daylight on Friday. The accused brandished a chopper at stunned onlookers and fled before anyone could react. His identity is not known. The police said the man could have been motivated by unrequited love.Seema Parab, the deceased, had been working as an accountant at a beauty salon in Borivli (West) for a year. She was unmarried and stayed at Konkanipada, Malad (East) with her parents and sisters.Around 9 am on Friday, Seema left home for the salon. As she was walking on Vijay Salaskar Marg to reach the railway station, a man started coming towards her. He held a chopper in one hand and a knife in the other. \"Before Seema could realize what was happening, the man stabbed her with the knife twice in the abdomen and then slit her throat. As she screamed for help, the accused waved the chopper at onlookers to scare them. He then turned around and ran, dropping the chopper in haste. We have recovered it from the spot,\" said a police officer.After the man fled, onlookers gathered around a profusely bleeding Seema. An autorickshaw driver, Javed Shaikh, saw her writhing in pain and put her in his vehicle. He then drove towards the Kurar police station, which was nearby. On the way, Seema gave him her father's cellphone number. Shaikh dialled it but got no response from Ankush Parab, who works as a watchman and has a heart ailment. \"After informing us at the police station, Shaikh took Seema to the SK Patil Hospital in Malad. As her injuries were grave, doctors there suggested that she be moved to the civic-run Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli,\" senior inspector Subhash Dafle said. At Bhagwati, doctors declared Seema dead around 11am. The body was sent for a post-mortem examination.\"Seema's jewellery was intact, which means that the culprit's intention was not robbery. We spoke to her parents and learnt that she was an introvert and selective about making friends. Though nobody seemed to be aware of any love affair or a boyfriend, it is a possibility we cannot rule out. We are now making inquiries with her colleagues and friends as to whether they were aware of any dispute she could have had,\" Dafle said; eyewitnesses, too, are being questioned.Seema had four sisters, one of them married. The police are going through Seema's cellphone records to check who--apart from her family members--she spoke to on the day of the incident and the previous night. A case of murder has been registered against an unidentified person under section 302 of the IPC by the Kurar police. The crime branch is conducting a parallel investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387488", "title": "Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna celebrates 100 yrs of Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) on Friday celebrated centenary year of Bihar by organizing painting competition, collage competition, quiz, cultural events and presentations tracing Bihar's past 100 years.The theme of the painting competition was, `Bihar, Then and Hence', with management students displaying their perception of Bihar and its evolution on canvas.The quiz event was gruelling and students were asked questions from ancient history.CIMP director V Mukunda Das said that students displayed their creativity at these events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12400800", "title": "German import Evelyn Sharma enters Bollywood!", "text": "She's studied business and dabbled in real estate in far-end Germany! She knows eight languages including English, Hindi, French, Dutch, Spanish, Thai, Russian and Tagalog of Philippines. With an Indian father, a German mother, and a name resembling one of Hollywood's biggest superstars Marilyn, Evelyn Sharma is the hottest Bollywood import since Katrina Kaif!Making a mark on the Indian firmament after modelling all over the world, Evelyn has already completed over a hundred assignments in India in the last few months, since migrating here! Inspite of her half-foreign origins, she dubs in Hindi for herself!This month, she was the showstopper face of ace designer Rocky S, setting the ramp on fire before the grand finale of India's most prestigious fashion and trade event, the Lakme Fashion Week! Next, Evelyn stars opposite India's original rock star Palash Sen in the forthcoming video of his rock band Euphoria !The girl has been actively involved with charities for children around Europe and now supports the SOS Children's Villages of India! She's into yoga, gymming, dance, kick-boxing and loves action!What's more! The newbie in Bollywood has just signed not one, not two, but three movies in a row! Starting with Manish Tiwary's ' Issaq' opposite Prateik Babbar; then with veteran filmmaker Pramod Chakravorty's grandson Prateek Chakravorty in his debut film ' From Sydney With Love '; followed by a pivotal role in Ayan Mukerji's ' Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani ', the Ranbir Kapoor-Deepika Padukone starrer under Karan Johar's banner Dharma Productions.So let's get ready for this fresh, dainty, humble, breathtakingly beautiful perfect new package the entertainment industry is swooning over! Make way for Evelyn Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12387421", "title": "Ranchi varsity meet on new academic courses", "text": "RANCHI: A meeting of the academic council of Ranchi University was called on Friday to discuss the academic activities during the 12th five year plan from April 1, 2012, to March 31, 2017.It was decided that several new courses will be introduced in the coming session. M.Phil will be started in every department. Vice-chancellor L N Bhagat said, \"From next year, only those students who score 60% or above in their M.Phil will be allowed to do their PhD. The selection will be based purely on merit.\"It was also decided that the institute of management studies will be converted into faculty of management in the next session. \"A new post-graduate department of agri-business management and a three-year undergraduate course in hotel management and catering technology will also be added from the next session,\" said Bhagat.The new post-graduate diploma courses of functional Arabic and Persian will be started in the department of Urdu and a new course of MSc in computer science will be introduced in the department of mathematics.Earlier, a one-year bachelor's degree was started in the department of journalism which will be discontinued from the next session. Bhagat said, \"The course is not functional anywhere in the country and so we decided to close it down. Instead, two new courses in PG diploma in journalism and PG diploma in TV and video production will be started.\"It was also decided that as there is no engineering college of RU, a college of engineering should be started in the next academic session. \"We need a vast place and big investment for starting the college for which I have already written a letter to the state government. Four trades, including civil, mechanical, electrical, electronics and communication, will be taught in the college,\" said Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386911", "title": "Relief for Narendra Modi as SC withdraws notice on riot cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday withdrew notices it issued on Monday to Gujarat CM Narendra Modi and 2002 riots inquiry panel headed by Justice G T Nananvati while admitting that it had a mistaken impression about the contents of the NGO's petition.A bench of Justices D K Jain and A R Dave had on Monday issued notices to Modi and the panel on an appeal NGO Jan Sangharsh Manch, which had sought a direction to the inquiry commission to examine Modi for his alleged role in the riots.The bench on Friday told the NGO's counsel Colin Gonsalves that it had issued notices on the petition on a \"wrong impression\" that it was similar to a bunch of appeals filed by riot victims, which were pending before the apex court.But, on close scrutiny, the bench said, I found that the appeal by Amrish Patel representing the NGO had nothing to do with the pending issues. \"Hence, we decided to list it for directions and recall our previous order,\" it said.\"Here the question is entirely different and is independent of the pending cases before us. The question squarely for our consideration here is whether certain witnesses before the Justice Nanavati Commission should have been heard,\" the bench said and listed the appeal for fresh hearing on March 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12385666", "title": "Kasturi Desai\u2019s body to be donated to Ayurvedic college", "text": "PANAJI: Well-known writer and researcher Kasturi Desai died after a brief illness late Friday evening at a hospital in Belgaum. She was 55.Married to Goan educationist Narayan Desai, Kasturi, a Bengali, had won the 'Sahitya Akademi Translation Award' in 2010 for 'Adhikar Aranyacho', a Konkani translation of Mahashweta Devi's Bengali novel, 'Aranyer Adhikari'. She had recently told reporters that she wanted to translate Rabindranath Tagore's book 'Shesher Kobita' into Konkani.An associate professor of Botany at a Ponda-based college, Kasturi had done studies and written books on flowers and sand dune vegetation. She was a very popular lecturer and many of her students had rushed to Belgaum to donate blood, sources in the college told TOI. Kasturi was also an active member of the Goa Bengali Cultural Association and had written extensively on medicinal plants.Sources said that as per wish, her body will be donated to the Ayurvedic college in Shiroda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390956", "title": "Santosh Sivan\u2019s dream comes true", "text": "Cinematographerturned-director Santosh Sivan's Malayalam fantasy film, Urumi, is all set to release in Tamil soon.Talking to CT earlier, Santosh Sivan had said, \"I want Urumi to release in maximum number of languages possible, and I'm currently concentrating on releasing it in Tamil and Telugu. Only after its release will I start work on my next directorial.\" Looks like his dream is soon going to come true, as prodcuer-distributor S Dhanu is gearing up to release the film in Tamil across the globe. A source confirms, \"Dhanu has bought the worldwide release rights of the film, in Tamil, Telugu and other languages. The Tamil version of the film will hit screens by the end of April.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387169", "title": "Soaring air fares force flyers to change", "text": "JAIPUR: A steep rise in the airfares on premier routes from Jaipur airport has put frequent flyers in a tizzy.In one week alone, the price of air tickets for busiest routes like Delhi and Mumbai have gone up by 20%-25%. The airlines have attributed the steep rise in fare to uncertainty over Kingfisher's operation in Jaipur, and hike in service tax.The ticket prices for Jaipur-Mumbai sector with a week in advance purchase is starting from Rs 4,500, against Rs 3,500-Rs 3,800 before the budget. Similarly, Jaipur-Delhi fare has also shot up by Rs 500-1200 during the same period. Travelling to other metros too has become expensive for Jaipurites.Piyush Sharma, director of Nomad Traveler, tour and travel consultancy said the hike is likely to dissuade flyers and may force them to consider travelling by rail.\"The rise in airfare will discourage corporate flyers who are on lower entitlements. Passengers flying within short haul destinations (within 750 km from Jaipur) will have to pay a fare that is slightly above first class rail tickets. This will naturally make rail travel more popular.\"Sharma forebodes a difficult time for airlines if the air fares continue to soar, especially with the summer vacation round the corner. \"Those who are eyeing leisure trips in Rajasthan will either re-plan their itinerary or choose rail and road over air travel,\" added Sharma.Event organizer Anuj Sharma echoed similar sentiment. He said the sudden rise in fares will have an adverse impact on group tours, be it school, corporate or incentive travel. \"The state already has low air movement compared to cities like Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Pune. This will further dent the market,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385921", "title": "Kochi terminal to boost LNG import to 20 million tonnes", "text": "KOCHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said the commissioning of LNG terminals at Kochi and Dahej would be landmarks in India's efforts to achieve energy security through diversification of its energy basket.The two terminals will enhance the country's gas import capacity from 14 million tonnes a year to 20 million tonnes by the end of next financial year, the PM said at the inaugural session of the Asia Gas Partnership Summit in New Delhi.Kochi terminal is set to start commercial operation in October while work on Dahej expansion plan is also set to begin soon. Singh said India had also launched an ambitious pipeline development programme. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386634", "title": "3 more witnesses turn hostile in Nimbalkar case", "text": "MUMBAI: In a setback for the CBI, three more prosecution witnesses have turned hostile in the 2006 Pawanraje Nimbalkar murder case, in which MP Padamsinh Patil is the main accused. A total 12 witnesses have turned hostile so far at the ongoing trial before the Alibaug sessions court.The three witnesses who turned hostile last week included two eyewitnesses who had seen the assailants fire at Nimbalkar's car at Kalamboli, killing him and his driver on June 3, 2006. The eyewitnesses deposed that they had not seen any Indica that day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12386631", "title": "City's government schools violate right to education: Survey", "text": "NOIDA: Government schools in Noida, which provide secondary education to a large number of children in the city, are riddled with violations of the Right to Education Act, 2009, according to a survey.The paper, which was presented at the National Seminar on Right to Education Act 2009 at NCERT, Delhi, identifies 12 specific areas where repeated RTE violations are present across schools in different areas. These problems include overcrowding in schools, high student-teacher ratio, insufficient seating facilities, poor toilet and sanitation facilities, etc.Further, the paper highlights that even though enrollment figures have increased across the schools, the drop-out rate when students reach the end of their term in primary schools is more than 50% across schools, as compared between 2010 and 2011. As per the study, this dropout rate is directly related to the RTE violations.According to the survey, the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, a central government sponsored national level literacy programme for children in the district, has been a complete failure.\"In the primary school of Harola, there are around 1,617 children enrolled in the school. In Class I, there are 575 children who are divided into four sections. The problem is present throughout all schools in the district and the quality of teaching learning experience in such classrooms is a big question mark,\" reads the paper.Student teacher ratio is another major problem in these schools, says the survey. \"The student to teacher ratio was found to be very high. A teacher is assigned to a particular section of a class which may have as many as 100 or more children enrolled in it in spite of the RTE clearly specifying that the teacher student ratio should at no point exceed one teacher for 30 children,\" reads the paper.According to Mala Bhandari, an educationist working in the district who presented the paper, there is no provision or facilities for sports or games of any kind and children have no playing material provided by the school in spite of their being adequate space which are not being utilized by the district administration. \"There is no separate library as such in any of the surveyed schools. In Nithari primary school, a library has been started from the current academic session at the initiation of village pradhan,\" she adds.But the problems don't end there. The schools have insufficient seating facilities. \"There are no desks for children in the schools. The students don't even have space to move around in the room,\" reads the paper. The schools don't have toilets. The existing schools are in such bad shape that students don't even use them and instead use the empty space behind the toilets. Drinking water remains a problem for students and in some cases, such as the schools in Nithari, the taps provide contaminated water, says the paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12386368", "title": "AIDS body staff strike hits patients", "text": "IMPHAL: An indefinite strike called by contractual employees of the Manipur Aids Control Society (Macs) against the government's alleged denial to revise their pay and due arrears, is affecting thousands of people living with HIV/Aids.Manipur is one of the six states of the country with a high prevalence of the epidemic. The total number of HIV positive cases in the state recorded by Macs, a society set up by the state government, is 38,016, including 10,109 women and 2,578 children.Around 280 peripheral employees of Macs are engaged in various HIV/Aids control programmes, including issuing of Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) drugs at several centers and giving pre and post HIV test counseling. Other peripheral staff works for Integrated Counseling and Testing Centre (ICTC), Prevention of Parents to Child Transmission Centre (PPCTC), Blood bank, mobile ICTC and District Aids Control and Prevention Unit (DAPCU).Owing to the strike that began on Wednesday, all these units have been shut down. \"The Macs staff suddenly went on a strike putting the lives of HIV positive patients at risk. They should have at least issued sufficient ART drugs to us before launching the stir,\" L Deepak Singh, president of Manipur Network for Positive People (MNP +) said.The HIV positive people should not to skip their dose of ART, but all the ART centres run by Macs employees have been shut down. The employees are merely playing with the lives of the HIV positive people, he said.\"If the employees' demands are genuine, the state government should comply with their demands or alternative arrangements should be made to ensure ART drugs are available immediately,\" Singh added.The agitating Macs employees said their monthly salary has not been revised since the implementation of the National Aids Control Programme (NACP) III in 2008.The arrears, which have already been implemented in other states by the National Aids Control Organization (Naco), are yet to be cleared in the state and the 15 per cent annual increment is also not to be translated into action in the last four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12381650", "title": "I must be doing something right : Genelia", "text": "Marriage has proven to be lucky for her.Smiling back in agreement, Genelia Deshmukh quips, \"When \"Tere Naal...\" released I said 'hopefully it will be my belated marriage gift' and it turned out be a big hit. I am hoping my Telugu film will turn out to be another wedding gift from Hyderabad.\" (laughs.)Talking about her role in the film with Rana and Harshavardhan Rane, that just hit the marquee, the actress says, \"Krishnaveni is a lively character, but she is also very mature and traditional. That's what fascinated me. The film is about a boy who is selfish and a girl who is selfless. It deals with how people generally misunderstand what love is and what being for each other is meant to be.\"She sure must be knowing a thing or two about what 'being for each other' means, considering her more than a decade-long courtship which recently ended in marriage. \"Two people growing together is the most beautiful aspect of being in a relationship. It was special when I met Riteish 10 years ago and it still is,\" she says adding, \"I highly recommend marriage to everyone.\"They say marriage changes people. Ask her if anything has changed about her and she replies saying, \"I don't know. Perhaps it's too early and we have both been so busy with work that we haven't had the time to discover new things about each other. In any case, when you know someone for over 10 years, there are very few new things to discover.\"Post marriage, does the actress intend to continue acting, given that she admits that her priorities have changed? \"Of course, I will continue acting in films as that is what defines me as a person. But priorities change, I used to be busy for 365 days a year earlier, but now that will change,\" she says, adding that she's in no hurry to go the family way. \"That will happen when it has to, there's still time for that,\" she quips.And will her marital status affect the kind of roles she is going to play? \"A lot of people often ask me why I stick to typically bubbly characters. Honestly, I don't see it that way. The characters I play might all be young girls, but each character is different, just as each girl is different from the other. The two Nandi Awards I won are for two entirely different characters - the bubbly Haasini in \" Bommarillu\" and the much more subdued Chitra in \"Katha\". I am glad to have got to play the kind of characters I got to play. You might want to do certain things, but you have to get that opportunity as well,\" she reasons.Perhaps that's a consequence of having to do a role like Haasini, which was so universally acclaimed. \"A lot of people named their kids as Haasini after \"Bommarillu\". The credit for that must go to director Bhaskar for coming up with a character which connected with everyone who's seen the film in Telugu and Tamil. I have also played the role in Hindi, but it is yet to release. I am glad I got to do something like that. For all those who harp on my doing 'bubbly roles', obviously I must be doing something right to have been around for 10 years in five different film industries,\" she says on a parting note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12387860", "title": "For scratch on car, auto driver beaten to death", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another shocking episode was added to Delhi's long list of road rage crimes early Friday morning, when two drunken men in an Innova allegedly killed an auto driver by smashing his head with bricks, all because the auto had caused a small scratch on the vehicle.The accused, out on a drinking binge in the Innova, had parked on the roadside near the Rithala Metro station in northwest Delhi around 2am, as one of them felt like throwing up. The victim, Rajesh Kumar Bharadwaj, 36, father of three, was passing through, looking for late-night customers.\"As the auto scratched against the vehicle, the two youths asked Rajesh to stop, abused him and then started beating him up. They picked up some bricks from the road and smashed his head and then they shoved his face in filthy water,\" said B S Jaiswal, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Outer).The two accused have been identified as Vinod and Rahul, both aged around 25. The Innova (DL4C AE-3404) belonged to a businessman, Vinod Longani, with whom Vinod worked as a driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388228", "title": "Indecent proposals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Imagine returning from a great trip abroad and uploading the fascinating photos of the trip online when a line pops up - \"Looking for a decent female friend?\" Or \"Lonely guys welcome to intimate chat\" while you are chatting with a friend on the latest office or campus gossip.If you cursed but didn't know why this happened, you are one of those many online users, especially those visiting social networking sites, who are affected by \"pornbot\" - which has such lines interrupting your online sojourn, often with the intent to guide you to different sites.Other ways of luring users put out lines like - 'Looking for fun at exotic locations?', \"An excellent business opportunity is waiting for you\" or posts like \"I bet you cannot watch this video for more than 15 seconds\" or \"Hey, look what happened to me last night\" and \"I won free bucks by just clicking on the webpage, so I suggest you the same.\"Though in most of the cases, sources of these pornbots and spams, which stealthily crawled into your profile, could not be traced but in some cases these are believed to be circulated by trained hackers, hired by professional companies.\"Pornbots have make life difficult for the netizens, all across the world. We usually do not know their source and sometimes we also do not realize that they are continuously following us. Every other day, I have a new pornbot tweet in my tweeter account,\" said Rashmi Thakur, who works with a public relations company.In many cases, pornbots are automatically originated planned programmes. These are designed so smartly that they easily pretend to be humans. Once, an individual starts chatting with them, there is a virus attack, harming the computer system and in some cases the profile is also suspended. Some companies are also creating pornbots to continuously follow their potential customers. Besides, Facebook spams are equally annoying for the users.\"Once there was a porn spam posted on my Facebook profile. I clicked and it automatically got posted on the profile page of all members, who were there in my friend list. I got scores of calls from my friends and the situation was so embarrassing for me,\" said Mohnish Verma, a freelance writer, told TOI.Suchita Ghai, a commerce student, said: \"It is not possible for members of social networking sites to ban spam or pornbot but the technical team of these sites can certainly ban them. Yes, there is a democracy but I really wonder that how these things can flourish in our society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388179", "title": "Jhankar winds up with musical night", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's annual cultural fest Jhankar 2012 concluded on Friday with a scintillating performance by Punjabi singer Sheery Mann. Though, a lot of empty chairs were seen during the Sheery Mann night, a score of students and outsiders enjoyed Mann's songs while dancing in the front of stage. The famous \"Yaar Anmole\" of Mann was the most enjoyed song in the event.And breaking stereotypes this year, the much awaited event of Mr and Ms Panjab University was also held on the day. Aaisha Ansari, student of MA-I in public administration, was declared Miss PU and Gurvinder Singh of DAV, College, Sector 10, was declared Mr PU at the event.Simranjit Kaur Gill, convener of Jhankar, said a total 24 university students including boys and girls have participated in the fashion show. The program started around 7pm and concluded around 10.30pm. Heavy security including university security guards and local cops were deployed for avoiding any unwanted incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12386346", "title": "Government Railway Police nab a man with arms, ammunition", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) on Friday morning nabbed a man with arms and ammunition from the Kanchenjunga express at the Guwahati railway station. He was later identified as Saijuddin Ali of Chaygaon.The GRP found one hand-made pistol and three rounds of ammunition on him. The railway police said he was a dacoit and was on police radar for a long time. \"He was involved in many robberies in Boko, Rangiya and Chaygaon areas of Kamrup district,\" said a GRP official. \"I bought this gun in Bihar for Rs 5,000 and was supposed to hand over it to a party here,\" Ali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12387018", "title": "Politics not a career for me: Dinesh Trivedi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi, who was forced to quit over raising fares in the rail Budget, on Friday claimed that the PM would never have asked him to step down and would have preferred to retain him in the Cabinet even if it meant losing Trinamool Congress's support. He insisted that he resigned on his own to save UPA from the trouble.Trinamool MP, however, remained evasive on joining Congress, saying \"I take life as it comes. Politics for me is not a career.\"Speaking to a TV channel, he replied in the affirmative when asked if the PM would have preferred to retain him at the cost of losing TMC's support and the government possibly collapsing. \"That is a fact,\" Trivedi said.Referring to PM Singh's statement in Parliament that he \"regretted\" his resignation, he said, he was \"communicated\" that the PM would have never asked for his resignation. \"Let's not get into details,\" he said, when asked if the communication came from a reliable person. \"I am not going to talk about things at all. If I say something, I stand by it.\"Trivedi also dismissed the suggestion that he resigned after getting indications from the PMO and the Congress and insisted he stepped down to avoid putting the government into a quandary.\"There is no way... no indication from any quarter. And the Congress party would never have asked neither the PM would have asked... if I had not resigned on that particular evening (last Sunday), I could have brought uncertainty to the government itself and that is not my job,\" he added.Trivedi said he tendered his resignation because his party and its leader Mamata Banerjee had asked him to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390653", "title": "John Abraham's sperms are in demand: Shoojit Sircar", "text": "Now that John Abraham is producing a film on sperm donation he's also losing his shyness on the rather delicate subject of infertility and artificial insemination.Initially one hears the actor was wary of addressing the issue on public platforms arguing that he would be only too happy to support the cause as a back-bench player.We now hear John has been persuaded to take a more active part in the sperm-donation theme of the film.This week John shot a promotional video for the film Vicky Donor to support the cause of sperm donation.In the video he'd be seen actually agreeing to donate his sperms publicly.Says a source, \"The concept of the song is that John appears as himself at a function where he addresses the issue of sperm donation. Some ladies in the audience ask him if he would agree to donate sperms for infertile couples. John agrees. Then some lady asks if he would donate his sperms for her.\"Apparently John was extremely shy of being part such an aggressive campaign for sperm donation. But he finally agreed.Director Shoojit Sircar confirms John's public nod to sperm donation.Says Sircar, \"It's a song on stage where my film's lead pair Ayushmann Khurrana and Yami Gautam are joined by John on stage at a public function. All I can says, John's sperms are much in-demand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12385749", "title": "HC reduces lifer to 6 years imprisonment", "text": "PANAJI: While setting aside the sentence of life imprisonment, the high court of Bombay at Goa recently convicted and sentenced Raghu Sarangi, who was charged for killing Rehman at Calangute in 2008, to six years of imprisonment and to pay a fine of 5,000.The high court passed the order on a appeal filed by Sarangi challenging the sentence of life imprisonment imposed on him by a trial court under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). However, the high court has sentenced him under Section 304 (part II) (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the IPC and reduced his term of imprisonment. In this case, the prosecution had alleged that on March 14, 2008, the accused committed the murder of the deceased by hitting a stone on his head at Maddavaddo in Calangute.During the hearing before the high court, public prosecutor C A Ferreira argued that the order of the trial court cannot be faulted. The appellant's lawyer, Prema Matkar, argued that in the absence of a motive, the accused cannot be held guilty of any offence. The case is not of a murder, but of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, Matkar contended.While convicting the accused, the high court observed thus: \"The only conclusion which can be drawn from the above circumstances is that there was a fight between the accused and the deceased, in which both assaulted each other. The evidence on record shows that the death of the deceased occurred due to the assault by means of cemented stone on his head.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "shimoga (karnataka)", "code": "12394323", "title": "Five police personnel suspended over custodial death", "text": "SHIMOGA (Karnataka): An inspector and four constables have been suspended in connection with a custodial death in the city, police said today.Ifran (28) of Azad Nagar, who was taken into custody in a theft case, died while being shifted to hospital yesterday and the incident triggered protests by relatives.Relatives also staged dharna in front of the police station, demanding action against those responsible for the death. His father lodged a complaint over his son's death in police custody.Shimoga Superintendent of Police Raman Gupta constituted a high-level committee to investigate the cause of death and ordered suspension of the five police personnel, who were on duty, yesterday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387495", "title": "Patna Medical College and Hospital, Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences doctors go on strike", "text": "PATNA: Junior doctors of PMCH went on strike on Friday morning after a clash between them and the attendants of a patient who died early morning at the hospital.Faiza Khatoon of Gopalganj district, who suffering from renal problem, was brought to the PMCH at around 1.30 am on Friday. She was admitted to the emergency ward of the medicine department. However, her condition deteriorated and at around 3 am Khatoon died. The attendants got angry after her death and alleging negligence on the part of the attending junior doctors they thrashed them with rods and sticks. In protest against the incident, the junior doctors proceeded on strike deciding to abstain from work for 48 hours. They demanded immediate arrest of the culprits involved in the incident along with deployment of SAP on PMCH premises.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha said, \"Stern action will be taken against those involved in the incident. I have directed the PMCH principal and the superintendent to talk to the doctors and end the strike. Directions have also been issued to the Patna DM and the SSP to ensure arrest of all those involved in the incident.\" Sinha, while describing the incident as unfortunate, termed the strike by the junior doctors as 'illegal' as he said, \"The government will take stern action if they continue their strike and can even file FIRs against them.\"He said that an FIR has been lodged in this connection under the Bihar Medical Service Institutional and Person Protection Act. Sinha assured that more security would be provided on PMCH premises.IGIMS docs strike work: Doctors of the Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Science (IGIMS) also abstained from work on Friday morning in protest against attack on two students of the institute who were shot at on Thursday night by some outsiders on the college premises. Both Ajeet Vidyarthi and Rohit Lal, first year MBBS students, were shot at while taking a stroll on the institute premises. In protest against the incident, the doctors of the IGIMS abstained from work which severely affected the hospital functioning in the morning hours. On condition of anonymity, a senior doctor of the IGIMS said, \"No work was done in the hospital till 12.30 pm. On an average day, we tend to attend around 100 patients which on Friday came down to 15-16.\"IGIMS director Dr Arun Kumar said the OPD functioned as normal. \"The college has been closed sine die and students have been asked to vacate the hostel,\" Dr Kumar added. Kumar apprehended that the outsiders who opened fire belong to some students' union.City SP, Patna, Kim said that two persons have been arrested in this connection and further investigations are on. Health secretary Sanjay Kumar termed the incident as most unfortunate.Health minister assures actionPatna: Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey on Friday condemned the incident in which two IGIMS students were shot at on the college premises on Thursday night.He said, \"I have asked the DGP to take action against those responsible. Two persons have been arrested and raids are on to nab the other culprits.\" He said the government would bear the cost of treatment of the two students while speedy trial would be conducted against the arrested persons. Choubey appealed to the students of the college to maintain peace. On the PMCH incident, he said that stern action would be taken against those responsible for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12387844", "title": "Killers borrowed car, went on a binge", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another incident of road rage, a 36-year-old auto driver was murdered by two drunken men after his auto scratched against their Innova car.The two accused have been identified as Vinod and Rahul, both aged around 25. The Innova (DL4C AE-3404) belonged to a businessman, Vinod Longani, with whom Vinod worked as a driver.He had requested Longani to lend him the car for an evening for taking his wife and children out for dinner. Instead, Vinod went drinking in the Innova with his friend. Rahul too is a part time driver. Police have recovered liquor and soft drink bottles from the vehicle.Salim, a passerby, saw the auto driver being beaten up and called the police. Rajesh succumbed to his injuries before he could be taken to a hospital, police said.Businessman Longani said Vinod had asked for the car on Thursday afternoon. \"He said he wanted to take his family to a mall. He has a very small baby and two other kids. He said taking them all out together was difficult without a car,\" said Longani. \"That is why I gave him the car thinking he needed a break with his family,\" he said.The businessman said he did not know Rahul, Vinod's drinking partner. \"Early this morning , my friend got a call from police enquiring whether he owned the vehicle. This friend had earlier taken my vehicle to Ajmer and must have dropped his card in the vehicle,\" said Longani, who owns a general store in Sadar Bazaar. Vinod added that he was not aware that his driver used to drink.Rajesh usually took out his auto - DL 1RG-6588, taken on rent - at night. On Friday, his family comprising his mother, brother, wife and three children had left for Karnal to visit some relatives.\"Police informed the landlord at Rajesh's house in Budh Vihar, northwest Delhi, about his murder. The landlord called up Rajesh's brother in Karnal. We are all in shock,\" said Chandrakanta, Rajesh's maternal aunt.After the police nabbed the accused and spoke to Vinod's wife, she told them her husband had never promised to take them out that evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390422", "title": "Mollywood plans an action-thriller anthology", "text": "It seems that Mollywood's been bitten by the anthology bug again and this time it will bring together some of the biggest names in the industry.After Kerala Cafe and another flick with five directors in the pipeline, the team of Shaji Kailas, Joshiy, Deepan, M Padmakumar and Vinod Vijayan will each direct a featurette of half hour for the action-filled flick.Director Shaji Kailas, whose feature will be penned by Rajesh Jayaraman, says, \"The films will be shot keeping in mind an Onam release. Since it is a 30-min film, it will be shot during the breaks of the feature films we all are working on.\"The director, who says his flick will be a thriller, also adds that the team is discussing on bringing in all the Mollywood superstars to be part of at least one venture.The anthology will also have the best technicians and music directors coming together including Deepak Dev, Ratheesh Vega, Rahul Raj, M Jayachandran and Jassie Gift.Anoop Menon, GS Anil and Renjan Pramod will be penning the script for Deepan, M Padmakumar and Joshiy while Vinod will be scripting for his own venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386588", "title": "\u2018Save girl child or worship dolls\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: With an aim to motivate people for not killing or abandoning a baby girl at the time of her birth, the members of Shivrani Shiksha Samiti and Shivram Samajik Sewa Sansthan protested in a unique manner at Baradevi Temple on Friday.The members of the NGO organised 'Nav Durga Bhoj' in which nine plastic dolls were placed so that the 'Pujan' could be done. The theme of the programme was 'Navaratra-2050'. This meant that during Navaratra in the year 2050, no girls would exist in the country. As a result, the Hindus would have to perform the ritual of Kanya Bhoj by placing plastic dolls in place of actual girls.The act put up by the members of NGO came as a warning to the people who had arrived at Baradevi Temple to worship the deity on first day of Navaratra.Ravi Pandey, the organiser of the programme, said the dwindling number of girls in the country was enough to inform that the time had come to save the girl child, otherwise it would be too late. \"And, in Nav Durga Pujan performed during Navaratra, people will not get a set of nine girls to worship, so plastic dolls would have to be worshipped instead,\" he pointed out.The programme's slogan was 'Beti ko marwaoge toh gudiya ko hee kheloge'. \"Killing a baby girl at the time of birth or in the womb is like murdering the goddess whom people worship during Navaratra. Therefore, to save this Earth from extinction, baby girls should be saved and raised with love and care,\" said Pandey. He also said the declining sex ratio was a matter of concern and that male and female were two wheels of a vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12381110", "title": "Blood Money's music is top on charts", "text": "If there's been a constant in Vishesh Films flicks, it has to be tracks with strong recall.It comes as no surprise then, that the banner's latest venture Blood Money, which is presented by Viacom18 Motion Pictures, tops charts.Says a trade source, \"The Rahat Fateh Ali Khan-Vishesh Films combo spells success in music. Chahat, the song rendered by Khan in Blood Money has become a hot favourite as well. Compared to other releases expected to hit the theatres, the music of this film is certainly doing well.\"Besides Chahat, Jo Tere Sang rendered by Mustafa Zahid is becoming a rage too. \"Jo Tere Sang ranks number 8 in music charts nationwide. That makes two of the songs of Blood Money topping the hit lists,\" notes the trade pundit.Mukesh Bhatt explains their knack for picking out hits, \"I make it a point to listen to the tunes personally and believe in giving aspiring musicians a break. I patiently listen to their tunes. I saw a spark in Jeet Ganguli, who was an assistant to Pritam, and roped him to compose the music for the film. Of course, as a producer, I feel proud that the songs are making waves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12387917", "title": "Diamantaires now eye Botswana", "text": "SURAT: After Zimbabwe, diamantaires in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat are eyeing Botswana for rough diamond imports. The government of Botswana had recently set up State Diamond Trading Company (SDTC) to auction an estimated $300 million worth of rough diamonds in the open market.About 70% rough diamond supplies globally are controlled by world's leading mining companies like De Beers, Alrosa, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton while the rest are sold through open tenders or auctions by the respective governments in African countries, Canada, Australia and Russia.Diamantaires have been eyeing the 30% supplies in the global market available through open tenders and auctions. As per official statistics of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council ( GJEPC), the import of rough diamonds in the country in February increased 21% to $1.33 billion compared to the same month in previous year. For the first two months of 2012 - January and February - the total rough diamond imports increased by 15% to $2.42 billion.\"While Zimbabwe is seen as a major rough diamond supplier with about $4 billion worth of annual diamond production to be sold in the open market, Botswana is the second country in focus for the diamantiares,\" said Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association (SDA).The Botswana government's STDC will be responsible for purchasing, selling and marketing of that country's 10% run-of-mine production from Debswana mines, which produces rough diamonds worth $3 billion annually. Botswana is the world's largest source of precious stones, accounting for 21% of global diamond-mine production and about two-thirds of De Beers's output.In September 2011, the government of Botswana and De Beers SA - each of which own 50% in Debswana mine - signed a 10-year agreement for sales, valuing and sorting of Debswana's diamond production. Under the agreement, De Beers will move its London-based rough diamond sales - Diamond Trading Company (DTC) - office to Botswana's capital Gaborone by the end of 2013. As part of the new 10-year sales pact, Botswana government will have the right to sell 10% of diamonds mined in the country through STDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12385878", "title": "Maoist publications face closure", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Maoists are worried about the closure of its literary wings in various parts of the country. Dwindling cadre strength and shortage of manpower in its literary wings, many Maoists publications are facing closure.As of now, only 'Awami Jung,' known as Jung, the main internal journal of the party edited by the central committee leaders, is available for the Maoist rank and file. Other than this, no journal or magazine is available for them. A total of five printing units were closed by the party leadership due to shortage of editorial staff as many cadres had lost lives in recent encounters or shifted to other areas. Except in Dandakaranya where Maoists carry out printing activities in deep jungles, no publication is brought out from anywhere. Sources said recruitment of educated youth in the squads has, more or less, stopped in the last one decade and this has led to serious dearth of 'able hands' to run the publications. Most of the recruitments are taking place in the tribal areas where the youth are either uneducated or have only elementary education.In fact, enrollment of students from the universities, regional engineering colleges and other institutions, which were known as recruitment hubs, has gradually declined. \"The youth preferred IT and professional courses and refused to be drawn towards Maoist ideology,\" a senior IPS officer said.The Maoists in the early days of People's War Group (PWG) used to depend on the ML party for printing leaflets and posters. They set up printing units in north Telangana, south Telangana and coastal Andhra regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12392215", "title": "Government to take some difficult decisions in coming months: Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid concerns over rising crude oil prices, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday said the government would take and implement \"some difficult decisions\" in the coming months.\"In meeting the targets under the (expenditure) roadmap, I am conscious of the fact that the government would need to take and implement some difficult decisions in the coming months,\" Mukherjee said at an event organised by Ficci here.\"We cannot go on with the approach that is divorced from the reality. But I believe that Budget is not the only exercise through which all the work is to be done because I cannot ignore the ground reality that mere announcement of decisions if it cannot be pursued is serving no purpose as it happened in the past,\" he said.Drawing confidence from the easing of inflation, Mukherjee said that the government expects interest rates to come down in days to come. It will thus help in boosting investment confidence.\"Core inflation has moderated in the past three months and in the coming months we are looking at reversal of the policy rate, which should help in improving business sentiments,\" he said.However, lurking fear of further spike in crude oil price could mute the quantum of rate cut by the Reserve Bank in the coming months.Crude oil prices have is hovering around USD 125 per barrel.Highlighting the importance of the fiscal consolidation, the finance minister said \"expenditure monitoring and better expenditure planning through the amended provisions in the FRBM Act wherein three years rolling targets of expenditure indicators have been prescribed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392206", "title": "B'wood's conception of being bold is dated: Paoli Dam", "text": "Paoli Dam says her sex appeal lies in her eyes and not her bare back in 'Hate Story' It's not for nothing that Vikram Bhatt has begun to address Paoli Dam as \"Ms Damn Good\". Her \"Hate Story\" dialogues - \"Main iss shehar ki sabse badi randi banna chahti hoon (I want to be the biggest whore in the city)\" and \"I f**k those who f**k with me\" - have sent ripples across board. If that's what she says on screen, her off screen bytes are equally upfront.The Tollywood actor, who is making her Bollywood debut in Vivek Agnihotri's \"HS\", says her job is to perform and the director and producer are to answer questions regarding the censorship issues of the film.\"I don't understand this whole commotion about wearing bikinis or flashing panties. Haven't I done all that before? But yes, the difference is in the way those same scenes have been shot in this film. I am an actor and the camera needs to make me look beautiful on screen when I am shooting those scenes. It's not about how much you expose as much as how much the camera can make the viewers imagine about the exposure quotient,\" she says, before insisting that despite the sexy trailer, the film is not graphic in terms of nudity.And it certainly is no patch in terms of its sexual content if compared to her controversial full frontal love making scene in Vimukthi Jayasundara's \"Chatrak\".Ask her about the fact that she apparently had no inhibitions about shooting any sex scenes in front of the full crew and she says, \"It's a cliche to say I don't have inhibitions. But whatever I shot for this film was with my clothes on. There is no nudity as such in \"HS\". It is a thriller and at the most, there are intimate scenes. Vivek, I'd say, has treated those intimate scenes very aesthetically. As a director, Vivek is someone who always tells people: 'Mere eyeline ke samne se hat jao'. That automatically means he doesn't like to have a crowd while we are shooting.\"As far as sensuality goes, Paoli feels it's about time for Bollywood to grow up. \"There was a time in Hindi cinema when women commanded a sensual presence. Not every heroine who did that had to shed their clothes. Look at Rekha and her sensuality. It's her body language, her look and the way she carried herself on screen. Somewhere down the line, Bollywood movies turned women into mere props. But now, things are changing and more so, with the success of Vidya Balan's recent films. I think, it's the best time for me to be making my Hindi film debut. Contemporary Bollywood's conception of being bold is dated!Being bold is not about unhooking a bra. It is about the thought. My sensuality lies in my eyes and not my bare back,\" she insists. Tell her that her trailers of 'HS' are making people say that she is the next Mallika Sherawat of Bollywood and she says, \"Who is saying that? Vivek or Vikram hasn't said anything like that.\"Will she be game if she is again asked to shoot a full frontal nude scene? \"It depends on the aesthetics of the director, his stature, the script and the pitching of the film,\" she asks a rhetorical question.While shooting the intimate scenes of \"HS\" (even the ones which has her \"Kagojer Bou\" co-star, Joy Sengupta, literally groping her all over) wasn't any tough task, what was difficult was the fact that she had to master Hindi and dub for herself. I am not a dumb actor who will be there on the screen only as a prop. Even if I expose, I also need to perform. It's not easy to perform in intimate scenes and also say the lines in Hindi (which isn't my mother tongue).Besides, I was alone in Mumbai for three months. Back in Kolkata when I have such draining scenes, I have a huge support system at home. In Mumbai, when I began shooting, I was pretty much alone. I hadn't yet become friendly with my unit and there were times when I would go to a gym thrice a day and come back dead tired to an empty hotel room. Shooting wasn't tough. The emptiness staring at me in an alien city was more difficult to handle,\" Paoli says.Today, however, things are different. \"I have made friends and I like my stay in Mumbai. No, I'm not shifting as yet though I feel the luxury that an actor has in Bollywood makes so much of a difference to her life and her performance levels. Tollywood film budgets don't offer such kind of luxuries. In Bollywood, people give 100 per cent and want to extract 200 per cent. That is not necessarily bad.\"Once \"HS\" hits the big screen, Paoli will be awaiting the release of a Tagore adaptation by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay. \"That's what I like about my careergraph now. On the one end of the spectrum I have a thriller and on the other end, I have a Tagore classic titled \"Elar Char Adhyay\". That's what makes life interesting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386479", "title": "Fire in highrise in Chakeri", "text": "KANPUR: Panic prevailed when fire engulfed the second floor of multi-storey Kishan Apartment in Shyam Nagar, Chakeri. It took the fire brigade an hour to douse the flames. One person sustained serious injuries after he fell from the building while trying to escape. Identified as Shamsher Singh, he was rushed to hospital. The fire started at the house of Raj Singh Sengar probably due to short-circuit. Exact cause is being probed by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12389890", "title": "Monojit delights the guests at Someplace Else", "text": "Monojit aka Kachuda delighted guests with his ensemble cast of drums at Someplace Else, The Park, on a recent Monday night.Needless to say, the loud boom of percussion was enough to drive every ounce of Monday blues out of every reveller present at the pub. Joining Monojit on the stage was Saurabh on the mic. Fellow musicians Bodhisattva and Rohit also dropped by at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12386987", "title": "\u2018Gnosiomania\u2019 begins at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The annual knowledge festival of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT), Gnosiomania, began on Friday. Giving this information, convenor, Rajesh Kumar Shastri, said Gnosiomania is a multi-dimensional extravaganza where knowledge and intellect mingle with sporadic fun.The three-day festival which started as a quizzing fest in 2002, has now unfurled into a mammoth shape of a revolution, taking in its stride the expanses of numerous young brains throughout the nation. He added that this year is seeing participation from over 25 countries including US, UK, Germany, China, Nepal and many more in the online event \"Quiz of the day\".This edition of the event has much more diverse implications from the chain of events hosted in its last edition. On the opening day, an Open Panel Discussion was held where achievers and luminaries of the nation share stage with the youth and sought their views on various topics. A brainstorming session on \"Kashmir: Burdens of the past, options for the future\" was also held.A quiz for faculty members was held.Lore weavers tested the skills of participants in weaving stories. Ad Hole was based on video advertisment. A number of informal events have also been introduced as well to make the three day event more interesting and captivating. Quizzes have always been the centre of attraction at Gnosiomania.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12385819", "title": "Matanhy had sought apology from PM", "text": "MARGAO: Less than a week before his untimely demise, Matanhy Saldanha, who was the chairperson of the National Fishworker's Forum (NFF), had co-drafted and endorsed an open letter to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressing disappointment over statements allegedly made by Singh on the fishing community's struggle against the nuclear project in Kundankulam, Tamil Nadu.The letter, which was cleared and endorsed by various state unions of fishworkers, was written on March 15 and reached the office of the PM on March 23.Saldanha further condemned the 'undemocratic' manner in which he felt the struggle was being crushed in his 'last letter' to the prime minister. Saldanha in his strongly-worded letter demanded that the PM retract statements made in an interview to a science magazine on February 24 and further demanded that the PM apologize to millions of fishing community people in the country.\"You alleged that the fishing community's protest against the nuclear power plant in Kudankulam was propagated and funded by anti-national interests through international NGOs. A statement such as this from the highest political authority in the country, while being far from the truth, shows the fishing community in poor light,\" wrote Saldanha.\"In your eagerness to defend the proposed nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu, you have attacked the dignity of the fishing people,\" added Saldanha in his letter that was endorsed by Agnelo Rodrigues, president of Goenchea Ramponkarancho Ekvott.Saldanha further highlighted three separate incidents of death of fishermen in Kerala and Tamil Nadu (due to attacks from international vessels) within the last month and stated that such attacks have placed the lives and livelihoods of the fishermen community at stake.\"It is extremely worrying that, apart from remaining silent over such critical issues of citizens' life and livelihood, the Prime Minister has chosen to target the fishing community of Idindakarai over their opposition to Kudankulam nuclear power plant,\" wrote Saldanha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387597", "title": "Final day: 11 nominations filed", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the final day of filing nominations, 11 more candidates filed their nominations for the Sutlej Club election, taking the total number of candidates to 23 on Friday evening. Candidates can withdraw nominations on Saturday, after which members will have clarity on exactly who all will contest.Will focus on renovating without demolishing the present structure.Gurinderjit SinghLaddi, south city | vice-presidentAgenda is to take the club to greater heightsRohit Dutta, moti nagar | general secretary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386399", "title": "Poll symbol row: Election Commission to take call", "text": "NEW DELHI: The State Election Commission will decide on allotting symbols for MCD polls to various political parties next week. While Samajwadi Party and J&K; National Panthers Party want cycle as their election symbol, JMM and Shiv Sena want bow and arrow as their symbol.March 26 is the last date for filing nominations and March 29 the last date for withdrawal of nominations, EC will decide on symbols on March 30 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12387072", "title": "Hillary Clinton asks India, China to join anti-bribery convention", "text": "WASHINGTON: Asserting that Corruption siphons funding away from critical services, US secretary of state Hillary Clinton on Friday asked countries like India and China to join the OECD's 38-member Anti-Bribery Convention.The convention aims at reducing corruption in developing countries by encouraging sanctions against bribery in international business transactions carried out by companies based in the convention member countries.\"Through our bilateral diplomacy and at the G-20 , we are encouraging major economies such as China, India, Indonesia, Saudi Arabia to join the convention as well,\" Clinton said at Transparency International-USA's annual integrity award dinner on Thursday.\"We support the follow-through that's necessary to enforce anti-corruption norms such as the new review process that promotes implementation of the UN Convention against Corruption,\" she said.Clinton said corruption and the lack of transparency eats away like a cancer the trust people should have in their government, at the potential for broad-based, sustainable, inclusive growth.\"Corruption stifles entrepreneurship, siphons funding away from critical services, poor fiscal transparency makes it impossible to hold governments accountable. And if these problems go on long enough, if they run deep enough, they literally can and have been shaking societies to the core,\" she said.The US, she said, has made it a priority to fight corruption and promote transparency and the country has been at this for quite a number of years now.In 1996, the US played a major role in developing the first legally-binding commitment by governments to fight corruption.Clinton said the US is expanding and mobilising a global consensus in support of greater transparency - a global architecture of anti-corruption institutions and practices.\"Along with Brazil, we launched the Open Government Partnership. It is a network of support for government leaders and citizens working to bring more transparency and accountability to governments,\" she said.\"We're building this anti-corruption consensus in other ways as well. In what is called the Deauville Partnership, we are working with our Arab partners on anti-corruption, open government, and asset recovery efforts,\" she said.\"At the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development), we were pleased to welcome Colombia and Russia into the Working Group on Bribery last year. It will be an important milestone when both have become full parties to the Anti-Bribery Convention,\" Clinton said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386476", "title": "Maya gone, but her e-way dream project gets nod", "text": "LUCKNOW: After missing several deadlines, Mayawati's dream project - the Yamuna expressway corridor - is likely to get the nod of UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . The six-lane, access-controlled, elevated expressway corridor will be thrown open to public in the last week of April.Senior officials of Jaypee Group, developers for the expressway, have confirmed that the final trials are underway. \"An automated toll plaza along with facilities for mobile patrolling and emergency medical care are being put in place. We expect to complete the process by first week of April. The project will then be handed over to the government for assessment.''The Rs 11,000 crore expressway project is expected to benefit an estimated 1.2 lakh commuters heading towards Agra and beyond. It will also reduce travel time between Greater Noida and Agra by 90 minutes.The second part of the project involves development of an industrial corridor along the expressway for which the Mayawati government had notified nearly 1,165 villages under the Uttar Pradesh Industrial Development Act.The expressway was scheduled to be open by December last year. But assembly polls, followed by regime change and a bureaucratic shake-up delayed the inauguration. \"Once the newly inducted officials settle down, the process of assessing the project will begin. CM may decide to travel along the expressway and after that the project will be inaugurated,'' a Jaypee official said.A technicality that still remains to be ironed out between the developers and the state government is finalizing the speed at which vehicles will be allowed to travel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12387883", "title": "Muslims to seek their share from Congress pie", "text": "RAJKOT: The red carpet rolled out by chief minister Narendra Modi to welcome Muslims at his 'Sadbhavana Mission' fasts has made the community realize its political clout at least in Saurashtra and Kutch. Muslim votes are a deciding factor in at least 18 assembly seats in the region. Thanks to Sadbhavana fasts, Muslims seems to have gained in confidence and are in a mood to bargain with Congress for their share in the political skyline of Saurashtra and Kutch.On Saturday, at least 250 Muslim leaders, most of whom who owe their allegiance to Congress, from Saurashtra and Kutch will hold a meeting in Palitana town of Bhavnagar district where they will discuss the issues concerning their community and the strategy for ensuing assembly elections in Gujarat.\"There are at least 18 assembly seats in Saurashtra and Kutch where Muslim votes are a deciding factor. However, no political party, including Congress, is very keen to give tickets to Muslim candidates in assembly and parliamentary elections. No Muslim leader from the region has been nominated to Rajya Sabha by any party for a long time now,\" a senior Muslim leader from Saurashtra said.\"In the past, except Amreli district, Muslim candidates had been elected from different assembly constituencies. Now there is only one Muslim MLA. Mohammed Javid Pirzada has been elected on Congress ticket from Wankaner in Rajkot district,\" said M K Bloch, ex-law minister in Madhavsinh Solanki's government in 1981-85.\"Muslims traditionally have voted for Congress, but nothing much has been done to empower the community. In fact, the benefits of central government schemes are not reaching the Muslims in the state. Time has come for the community to decide its political future. Muslims hold significant number of votes in 18 assembly seats in Saurashtra and Kutch yet they are being neglected. Muslim leaders need to discuss why this has happened and what is the way out?\" said Nusrat Panja, secretary, Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee. Panja had contested assembly election on Congress ticket from Somnath-Veraval in 1998, but had lost.Another senior Muslim leader said, \"We want more from Congress in the coming assembly elections. Frustration is building among Muslims.''Bhuj, Mundra, Jamnagar, Wankaner, Dhoraji, Bhavnagar, Mahuva, Junagadh, Somnath, Mangrol, Kodinar, Manavadar and Rajkot are among the places where there are a sizeable number of Muslim voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12390904", "title": "Now, a new theory on size of black holes", "text": "LONDON: Planetary scientists have come up with a new theory on the size of black holes -- claiming some of them have no \"table manners\", and tip their \"food\" directly into their mouths, eating more than one course simultaneously.For its research, a team from the University of Leicester in the UK and Monash University in Australia investigated how some black holes grow so fast that they are billions of times heavier than the sun.Prof Andrew King at University of Leicester, who led the study, said: \"Almost every galaxy has an enormously massive black hole in its centre. Our own galaxy, the Milky Way, has one about four million times heavier than the sun.\"But some galaxies have black holes a thousand times heavier still. We know they grew very quickly after the Big Bang. These hugely massive black holes were already full-grown when the universe was very young, less than a tenth of its present age.\"Black holes grow by sucking in gas. This forms a disc around the hole and spirals in, but usually so slowly that the holes could not have grown to these huge masses in the entire age of the universe.The scientists made a computer simulation of two gas discs orbiting a black hole at different angles. After a short time the discs spread and collide, and large amounts of gas fall into the hole. According to their calculations black holes can grow 1,000 times faster when this happens.\"If two guys ride motorbikes on a Wall of Death and they collide, they lose the centrifugal force holding them to the walls and fall,\" says King. The same thing happens to the gas in these discs, and it falls in towards the hole.This may explain how these black holes got so big so fast. \"We don't know exactly how gas flows inside galaxies in the early universe but I think it's very promising that if the flows are chaotic it is very easy for the black hole to feed,\" said King.The findings are to be published in the 'Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12388532", "title": "Woman accuses sarpanch of rape", "text": "BHOPAL: A 35-year-old woman has levelled rape charges against former sarpanch in Berasia area on Thursday.The woman was known to the accused, Bhairav Singh, around 60 years of age. In her complaint, she reportedly told the police that the accused met her on the way to market and accosted her. He took her to his home, where she claims that she was allegedly raped. A case was registered in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387079", "title": "Babus, netas owe Ajmer dargah guest house `4 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: Senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and MP Tariq Anwar, former Dargah Nazim (CEO) Abdul Majid and a few existing dargah committee members are among the several persons who owe dues to the Khawaja Gharib Nawaz guest house in Ajmer.The guest house is run by the Dargah Committee comprising nine members and CEO (Nazim) appointed by the Union ministry of minority affairs to look after the affairs of the 12th century shrine of Khawaja Moinuddin Chisthi under the Dargah Khawaja Sahab Act -1955.The names came to light after an RTI reply which highlights details of debtors as sought by Syed Hamiduddin of Hyderabad in respect of the guest house for the period up to November, 2011. A total outstanding amount of Rs 4,09,079 had to be recovered from guests varying from IAS to RAS officers and from politicians to Dargah committee officials. This report has indicated gross financial irregularities involving the dargah committee members.According the RTI reply, the former Nazim, Abdul Mazid, owed Rs 14,400, former vice-chairman of the dargah committee, Mansoor Ali alias Lalli owed Rs 90,000 and member of the dargah committee, Peerzada Shibli Qasim has an outstanding due of Rs 49,750 to the guest house. Dues amounting to Rs 3105 are also pending aganist NCP leader and former dargah committee member Tariq Anwar.The president of committee, Sohail Khan, has an outstanding amount of Rs 7,035. A substantial amount is also pending against staff members and guests who visits frequently.The Dargah Committee Act-1956 says that only on two conditions guest should be allowed to leave the guest house when they have not paid their bills. One condition is when due to picpocketing or shortage of money they do could not pay.. The guest house rule book has also no credit system.Ironically, the dargah committee members nominated by Union government for administering affairs of 12th century shrine and the violation of the basic principles of the Act by these members and officials have question on their integrity.A substantial amount earned out of the guest house is spent on various developmental work carried out in the holy shrine. The defaulters were asked several times by the guest house officials but in vain.\"They never pay any heed to our written and verbal communications. In some cases, we have to lodge a complaint in court to get the dues cleared,\" said Mohd Siddique, PA to the Nazim of the dargah dommittee. He added that the dues are giving financial losses to the committee.In one case, a lower court in Ajmer had directed attachment of property of former member Peerzada Shibli Qasim for failing to pay the dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387050", "title": "Lights out for now on Victoria Hall show", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennaiites may have to wait much longer than a few months for the sound and light show and new landscaping at the restored Victoria Public Hall.Though the Corporation of Chennai promised to complete restoration of the building and start the show by the end of May, the extravaganza that was supposed to turn the hall into a cultural centre could be delayed by up to two years because of metro rail work, corporation officials said.Chennai Metro Rail Ltd (CMRL) began work on its main station on Anna Salai on the side of Victoria Hall opposite the Ripon Buildings facade last July.Officials say the dust kicked up by the use of 122-year-old heritage building's gate to bring in construction material will make it impossible to stage the show.\"We have trucks coming in through the gate the entire day that leave a lot of dust inside Victoria Hall and around the building. That's why the project has been deferred for now,\" said corporation commissioner P W C Davidar. Though the commissioner said the show had only been put off for the time being, sources say it could take at least a couple of years to start.\"A sound and light show has to be held only at night, which is when most metro rail work is done. The corporation can start the show only after the work is done,\" said a corporation official.But some officials say there could be more than the metro work to blame for the delay. They say the high cost of running the show is also weighing on the mind of the civic body. \"The civic body has been facing financial problems, and the cost of conducting the show is expected to be quite high,\" said a corporation official.Sound and light shows are held at many historic sites in other cities like the Red Fort in Delhi, Golconda Fort in Hyderabad and City Palace in Udaipur.Corporation officials said renovation work on Victoria Hall is 95% complete. The civic body has spent 2.96 crore of the 3.6 crore allotted by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) for the restoration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387295", "title": "Varsity may fund research in affiliated colleges", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University (NU) is thinking of providing financial assistance to affiliated colleges to promote higher level research. NU vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal told TOI that the financial proposal is 'still under consideration' and the main focus is to create an atmosphere conducive for research.\"Affiliated colleges should get involved in research to generate industry interest. We are trying to evolve a supportive mechanism, like financial assistance, which will help colleges get involved in research. We are working with our colleges to put in place good facilities and encourage students to get into higher level research,\" said Sapkal. He said the varsity is keen to develop a strong research-oriented atmosphere across campuses.Earlier in the day, while speaking at the international conference organized by Tirpude College's department of management studies and research (DMSR), Sapkal stressed on the importance of research for the economy. \"In the years preceding liberalization, our industries had got used to the closed economy scenario. In the nineties, the policy was totally changed and our industries did not have the technology to compete with companies from abroad. Research is an important part, which needs to be nurtured and it will give us the competitive edge,\" he said.Devendra Parekh, president, VED Council, said, \"Fortunately, we have a competent VC in Sapkal who focuses on research. But unfortunately, this part had been ignored by his predecessors, thus loosing valuable time for the industry. Our industries can benefit from research in metallurgy and we are hopeful that the VC will promote this.\"He added that though the current research scenario in NU is grim, VED is hopeful that things will improve. \"Research is an area which has to be a collaborative effort and many universities across the country are doing it. Pune University is working with the engineering sector while Marathwada University is collaborating with pharmaceutical companies. VC Sapkal even met some potential investors at a VED function and told them of the talent pool in the region. These kind of proactive steps will ensure NU and industry work together for the benefit of the region,\" he said.Lalit Khullar, director, Tirpude's DMSR, said, \"We organized the conference with the hope of bringing different views on a common platform. Research can help businesses sustain themselves during recessionary times by providing a competitive edge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385746", "title": "Denizens protest construction near mosque at Neknampura", "text": "HYDERABAD: People living in Neknampura, near the Qutub Shahi tombs, are protesting the development of a residential enclave for Secretariat employees, citing damage to an old religious structure in the vicinity of the proposed colony.The development of YSR Enclave on 55 acre in Neknampura which lies in Rajendernagar mandal was taken up four years ago to provide housing for class II, class III and class IV employees of the Secretariat. The work was grounded right after it took off as the locals had raised concerns about damage to the tomb of Hazrat Saadullah Hussaini and a mosque atop a nearby hillock where construction was planned.Considering the sentiment of the locals, work on 32 plots near the structures was stopped. Later the plots were removed from the development plan.But the locals are not satisfied. \"Though the construction stopped near the masjid and tomb, blasting continues in nearby rocky areas where plots are being developed. This is causing damage. The tomb is very old and cracks are showing up on the structure,\" said a local.President of AP Secretariat Employees Mutually Aided Cooperative Society, Venkatram Reddy said the society is in the dark as to why the locals are protesting. \"We moved construction away from places close to the structures. We are now only working on the roadside plots which are away from the hillock. We will be talking to locals to resolve the issue amicably,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386330", "title": "Mulayam hints elections could be less than 1 year away", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party Mulayam Singh Yadav once again raised the possibility of early polls on Friday when he urged his party men to stay focused on their work as the Lok Sabha election could be less than a year away. This is the second time he's talked of polls - earlier this week, he had said there was little point in becoming a minister at the Centre for only one year.\"There is no guarantee when the Lok Sabha elections might take place,\" Mulayam told party workers in Lucknow on the occasion of socialist leader Ram Manohar Lohia's birth anniversary. This poll talk was at odds with Mulayam Singh's reaction soon after its triumphant victory in Uttar Pradesh that there was no possibility of a mid-term election.Mulayam Singh's statement immediately had political circles buzzing even as it was being interpreted in several ways. People noted that it coincided with the impression that talks between Congress and SP on power-sharing at the Centre hasn't made headway and that Mulayam Singh was driving a hard bargain as Congress needed him more that he needed it.The fact that Congress has given in to Trinamool leader Mamata Banerjee's demand to change the railway minister and a rollback in proposed rail fare hike would again indicate that Mulayam Singh was not playing ball, leaving Congress no option but to acquiesce in Trinamool's politics of brinkmanship.Some political observers, however, saw Mulayam Singh's statement also as a ploy to get his ebullient Yadav cadre focused on the job at hand, instead of indulging in celebratory excesses. He told party workers on Friday that they should go to officials and tell them that the SP poll manifesto had to be implemented without delay so that if polls are prematurely called, the party has something to show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12389972", "title": "South siren Asin and Sonam, the new BFFs?", "text": "In an industry where friendships are only as good as your last movie together, Asin has managed to make quite a few friends.Three years since her Bollywood debut with \"Ghajini\" opposite Aamir Khan , this actress who kick started her career in the South with the super hit \"Amma Nanna O Tamil Ammayi\" (Telugu), is now happy that Bollywood has accepted her. Unusual as it may be for an actress to be good friends with another, (don't we hear of cat fights often?), Asin is not one to be wasting time and energy over petty issues. So, who is that one industry wallah who she considers her best pal, we ask and pat comes the reply. \"It has to be Sonam (Kapoor). We are both chilled out and easy going. We don't have any issues between us. There is no competition - we don't think about all these things because they don't matter to us. And that's exactly why we connect,\" Asin says, adding, \"I am, however, not sure about the best friends tag. I don't think there can be best friends in this industry.\"Is anyone listening?To know more about Asin's latest filmi escapades, watch this space for more and check out tomorrow's Hyderabad Times edition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12386924", "title": "Allahabad University sleeps over women\u2019s complaint cell", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University recently ordered an inquiry after a female research scholar levelled charges of verbal accusation against her guide. Though the university has set up a three-member factfinding committee, the issue once again highlights the absence of Women Empowerment Board (WEB), the proposal for which was drafted two years back.In the absence of WEB, the female members, be it students, research scholars, teachers or employees of AU and its constituent colleges, are devoid of a cell which can address harassment cases. The WEB is still absent despite an ordinance of AU laying down the provision for such a cell. University's executive council (EC) too has also taken up the issue of formation of WEB, the constitution of which is ready. The EC had taken up the issue of formation of with some changes in the basic constitution proposed by a seven-member committee.The committee after refereeing to the sexual harassment cell of various universities like Mumbai, Delhi, Jamia Milia, and JNU had framed a final draft, said Prof Alka Agarwal. WEB has a proper representation of cross section of people from teachers to students, employees and representatives of the society too, said Prof Agarwal. WEB will have 17 elected members, including six women professors and an equal number of female students with representatives of research scholars, postgraduate and undergraduate students of AU.It will also have female representatives from class C and D employees apart from having a women activist and a female lawyer, specializing on women issues. The DSW and chief proctor will also be among the members, she added. Although WEB has not been named as sexual harassment cell, there is a separate cell within its ambit as would be several other cells depending on the nature of complaints.Moreover, there are provisions of mild to strict punishment for the culprits. In extreme cases, guilty students can be rusticated or denied degrees, while the guilty employees and faculty members could face suspension or termination from the service. But even as there have been cases, including the one being inquired by the three member committee, been reported at AU, women still await formation of a dedicated cell wherein they can raise their voices against those who indulge in harassing them.\"It been almost seven years since AU got the status of a central university, but there is no cell or platform for female students, research scholars, employees and faculty members,\" said a woman faculty member of AU. AU public relation officer Prof P K Sahoo said, \"Although WEB is still not formed at AU but varsity authorities are extremely sensitive towards the problems raised by the female gender at the campus and all such matters are addressed by the DSW\". In the days to come, WEB would also be constituted at AU, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388120", "title": "Navaratra special at Pak stalls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the beginning of Navratra on Friday, the Pakistani food court Liza Food Corner at the ongoing 'Made in Pakistan' exposition, being held at Himachal Bhawan, Sector 28, introduced a special Navratra Thali on its menu, offering tandoori paranthas and curd with spices brought all the way from Pakistan.The food court was otherwise famous for its non-vegetarian dishes like chicken tikka, chicken kabab, malai kabab and chicken biryani, which sold like hot cakes on Thursday, the first day of exposition.The food stall introduced the special thali as a mark of respect towards the Indian festival, as it already had vegetarian dishes like chana puri, veg biryani, meethe chawal, dahi bhalla and gol gappas in its menu.Mujahid Butt, a trader with the food corner said, \"Someone told us on Thursday that an Indian festival will start from Friday and many people do not eat non-vegetarian during this festival, so we decided to add a vegetarian dish, which is our specialty.\"Faisal Azeen, owner of the food corner said, \"Considering the occasion, we have also included a special aloo tikki prepared in pure desi ghee. We are happy that people have been appreciating our flavours. People flock our corner asking for their favourites from our menu even before we set it up.\"Hasan, another trader from Pakistan , added, \"This had to be done as we are in India now, but even back home in Pakistan, we celebrate Indian festivals. We recently celebrated Holi and Shivratri. The temples made around 800-900 years ago are still intact and are taken care of in Pakistan. The ones who have created the boundaries are a few, but the majority still lives with Aman Ki Asha.\"The Navaratra specific initiative was appreciated by the visitors, particularly those who visited for the second time.Hitesh Kang, a Chandigarh resident said, \"On Thursday, I came to taste the popular chicken biryani, but had checked out the entire menu. When I saw an add-on dish today, I asked if they would add a new dish every day. But, the Navaratra reason behind the new dish is a gesture that deserves to be appreciated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12388008", "title": "Winning back Juhu but battle to save beach never ends", "text": "MUMBAI: In 2006, Juhu residents won back their much-filmed , fantasy beach from encroachers-hawkers , goons who ran prostitution rackets, and even plush bungalows. They achieved this after a long court battle. But six years on, they battle on to ensure the beach stays in the public domain.Citizens say the government has little respect for public assets and court intervention was the only way to save the beach. However, the government and police continue to ignore violations at Juhu, despite court orders.Architect and activist P K Das, who had prepared the restoration plan for the beach, mobilized citizens to file a PIL in 2002,saying officials had not taken the restoration beyond evicting some encroachers.Even today, illegal permissions for various religious functions are granted despite court orders. Films shoots are allowed without the Bombay High Court-appointed monitoring committee's approval. Illegal stalls appear every evening, and prostitution and drug peddling are still a problem.When Das, through the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage, first presented his plan for the beach's restoration in the late 1990s, it was tossed from the BMC to the Airports Authority of India to the collector's office to the Maharashtra Maritime Board. Finally, on the advice of then BMC chief Johny Joseph, Das brought together citizen groups, and a PIL was filed.\"If the court gives a favourable order then all the government departments will fall in line,\" Das recalled Joseph advising him. Das, who had just completed the Bandra promenades ' beautification, formed the Juhu Vikas Manch. The plan was to restore the historical beach keeping in mind the existing realities , and to re-accommodate the hawkers in a more efficient manner, said Das. He held regular meetings with members of J106, which was later rechristened as Juhu Citizens ' Welfare Group (JCWG), the Rotary Club and Lion's Club and other Advanced Locality Management groups.Back then,the beach,said Hansel D'Souza , president of JCWG, was not visible from the road as it was encroached by hawkers. Even the wealthy, who lived in bungalows, and star hotels had taken over portions of the beach. In October 2002, the citizens finally filed a PIL in the Bombay High Court. Vish Mada, a signatory of the PIL who attended every hearing, recounts how they met bureaucrats to convince them about the need to restore the beach and not oppose the PIL. The citizens had submitted Das's plan in the PIL, traced how it had been bounced around and demanded its implementation.The judges did a site visit and ordered a joint survey of the beach. In 2004, it ordered the removal of all encroachments and rehabilitation of the hawkers. It allowed a food court 50 metres away, with a 10-by-10-foot stall for each eligible hawker.However, for a year, the government did nothing till the residents filed a contempt notice against then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , said Mada. The court also set up a monitoring committee with every agency associated with the beach as a member. It included the suburban collector, the additional municipal commissioner, the additional commissioner of police, the regional director of AAI and Das as secretary.The hawkers, meanwhile, filed a petition in the Supreme Court challenging the high court order, and advocate Shiraz Rustomji had to again fight for the citizens. The apex court not only upheld the lower court's order , but reduced the size of the stalls to sixby-six feet. This was because it had already ruled on the size of stalls for the rest of Mumbai. The hawkers, however, got legal entitlement to their spaces.Mumbaikars regained 30 acres of beach. Nearly two lakh square feet reclaimed by bungalow plot owners were converted into six gardens. The 80 eligible hawkers were moved to a food court. The tents vanished and so did the temple and other businesses. The JCWG was given the responsibility of developing and maintaining the gardens. Of the six gardens, five have been developed ; the space near Ruia Park, is yet to be developed for want of funds. The revamp was made possible with MPLAD funds from then MPs Shabana Azmi and Hema Malini .Zahida Banatwala, a member of JCWG who monitors the Gandhi Gram garden, said the open spaces have helped residents bond over morning walks, yoga sessions or just watching the sun set.D'Souza said that, on average, it costs Rs 50,000 a month to maintain two gardens. The BMC funds an annual contract for beach cleaning. Locals monitor the cleaning and, based on their feedback , the contract is renewed. In the Open Mumbai exhibition currently on at the NGMA, Das is now proposing a wider plan to link the beach to other public spaces, as well as residential areas and institutes in the suburb. A major part of this plan involves revamping the Irla nullah's banks and creating walking and cycling tracks along the stretch. This work has already begun.Juhu revampBeach length - 4 kmBeach area - 3.1 L m sq", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386492", "title": "Two-day district philately exhibition", "text": "KANPUR: Philately Bureau Kanpur Nagar will organise a two-day Kanpur district philately exhibition 'Conpex 2012' on the head post office complex on March 24 and 25.According to Nar Singh, superintendent, post office Kanpur Nagar zone, two first day covers would be released on the occasion. Apart from that 'my stamp' programme would be initiated, a workshop and question answer championship on philately, painting competition and cultural programme related to philately would also be organized, he added.The exhibition would be inaugurated by Chandra Prakash, IG Kanpur range, while Ram Bharosa, post master general, Kanpur region, would preside over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12392366", "title": "90% issues in CAG's initial reports are dropped: Pranab on coal block allocation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Saturday downplayed the draft CAG report on coal block allocations with finance minister Pranab Mukerjee stating that 90% of the issues raised by the auditor at the initial stage are dropped.\"After obtaining comments of the ministries, 90 per cent of the issues raised by the CAG (Comptroller and Auditor General of India) are dropped. That is the normal practice and it is going on for the last 150 years,\" the finance minister said at a FICCI meeting here.He said the CAG is a constitutional body created since the time of British rule and its job is to find faults with the government.\"I have repeatedly stated (its job is) to find out fault and not to praise the government and certify that government has done a good job. Why ..unneccessary... sensationalisation takes place,\" Mukherjee asked and added, \"what is new if the irregularities are found out in the CAG report and those are to be addressed by Parliament.\"Based on the CAG draft report, he said, some newspapers have stated that there is a Rs 10 lakh crore shortfall in the exchequer because of the coal allocation.The issue has rocked Parliament after which the Prime Minister Office released a letter received from the CAG stating that report in the newspaper was misleading. Mukherjee said that it is up to Parliament to take a call on the CAG reports.\"The fact of the matter is that it is not a report by itself. CAG is yet to finalise its report\", he added. The report, he said, will go to Public Accounts Committee (PAC), which will send its views to Parliament. CAG, he said, \"himself explained in its letter to the Prime Minister that no further clarifications are required and needed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12386934", "title": "Labourer dies after 6th floor fall, workers turn violent in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Thousands of labourers went on a rampage on Friday when a worker died after falling from the sixth floor of a building under construction in Sector 58. Angry labourers working in the area torched a police Gypsy, damaged about a dozen more vehicles and demolished a section of the housing project.The incident took place around 12.30pm when Babul Hasan (25), from Baghpat in Uttar Pradesh, fell at the site of Ireo's Grand Arch. He was employed by Alufit Ltd, which is hiring labourers for the project.Labourers alleged that the contractor did not provide them with adequate safety equipment. \"Hasan was breathing when he fell. The contractor and the management's employees kept watching this instead of taking him to hospital,\" said labourers Jeetu and Shamsher. \"If he had reached hospital on time, his life could have been saved,\" Shamsher said. The developer, however, claimed Hasan was immediately taken to a private hospital in its ambulance.As a worker confirmed that the injured labourer had died in hospital, around 4,000 labourers working at different sites in Sector 58 turned violent. They damaged Ireo's site office and set it on fire. Some others demolished a portion of the housing project while many blocked the road and vandalized several vehicles, including a BMW.Soon a police team reached the site. As they were trying to control the crowd, the workers turned violent. As soon as the cops ran for cover, the agitators put the police Gypsy on fire. Another PCR van was also damaged.The cops were rescued almost an hour later when a heavy contingent of police force reached the site and resorted to lathi-charge to disburse the crowd. Seven policemen and many labourers were injured.The Badshahpur police has lodged an FIR against the agitators and apprehended many of them. A team of 50 personnel has been deployed at the project site.Terming the incident as an \"unfortunate accident\", Ireo claimed that two ambulances were always kept at all construction sites and one of these immediately took the injured worker to a nearby hospital but the labourer could not be saved.\"Ireo works with the most reputed of construction contractors and the construction of the Grand Arch project is being undertaken by L&T; Ltd. Ireo and its contractors take utmost care to ensure that all safety norms and procedures are adhered to at our construction sites,\" an official statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12387648", "title": "Gujarat gets a coral transplant", "text": "RAJKOT: In a first in the country, fragments of locally-extinct corals (acropora sp) have been successfully moved from Agatti islands in Lakshadweep and transplanted in coastal waters of Gujarat.A joint initiative of Marine National Park (MNP), Jamnagar, Gujarat forest department, Wildlife Trust of India and supported by Tata Chemicals, it is believed to be a pioneering experiment in restoration of coral reefs - also known as rainforests of the seas - in Mithapur reef in Arabian sea and Poshitra reef of MNP in Gulf of Kutch,.\"MNP has a good coral diversity with about 49 species. Acropora sp was found here once upon a time. Now only dead remnants are found in most of the inter-tidal zone of the park. The restored corals will be monitored closely,\" R D Kamboj, chief conservator of forests, MNP, told TOI.In a nutshell, the reintroduction involved collecting fragments from Lakshadweep, transporting them to Gujarat and transplanting them in Mithapur and Laku reefs of Marine National Park. \"The actual process is anything but simple,\" said Subburaman S, Field Officer, WTI.Experts say there is an overall decline in the distribution of acropora in Gujarat - live acropora have not been sighted here for several decades now. \"Success of this effort will begin a new era in conservation of marine bio-diversity,\" said Pradeep Khanna, principal chief conservator of forests, Gujarat.Reefs play a crucial role in protecting coastlines from ocean currents and are marine ecosystems support rich and colourful array of aquatic flora and fauna. \"Human activities are causing damage to this ecosystem too and ignoring it we risk losing this natural heritage,\" said Satish K Goyal, chief wildlife warden, Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388413", "title": "Film fest begins, locals allege mismanagement", "text": "NASHIK: The first day of the fourth Nashik International Film Festival (NIFF) turned out to be a shabby affair with some cine-goers, besides the media, facing the brunt of mismanagement while entering the Cinemax movie theatre at City Centre.The event started on Friday morning with an inaugural function followed by film screenings. But there were complaints of organizational mismanagement as people had trouble parking, and the media was kept waiting for a long time. The media were, in fact, detained at the entrance. \"Organizers asked us for passport-size photographs for the official passes issued by them, on the inaugural day. Many of us didn't have the photos. The passes should have been given to us during the media briefing the day before. There was no planning,\" said a reporter.But the organising committee said that the event had been well managed. \"The media had to compulsorily register for the festival. The entry form required two photographs. We mentioned this in all our communication to the media, including emails about the event,\" said director of NIFF, Mukesh Kaneri.He said that as far as non-media attendees was concerned, they had been given free passes in the past, and had therefore probably gotten used to attending for free. There was a Rs 300 charge this year which could have led to the chaos. The media attended for free, Kaneri added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386063", "title": "Entry tax returns with eye on revenue", "text": "KOLKATA: Finance minister Amit Mitra presented the Mamata Banerjee government's first full budget on Thursday, staying in sync with the CM's ma-mati-manush brand of politics but not losing sight of the need to raise revenues.Contrary to popular perception that the government wouldn't burden the common man, the finance minister reintroduced entry tax (octroi) on all commodities coming from outside the state that include daily food items (see box) and most consumer durables in households. The entry tax was in vogue in the state but was abolished in the Nineties by the Left Front government because of its inflationary effect. West Bengal is a consuming state and imports a vast array of commodities (roughly 500 items) from outside. The finance minister wants this money to set up a compensatory entry tax fund (CETF) in a bid to upgrade infrastructure - better roads and transport and improved storage of goods. States like Maharashtra and Bihar already charge octroi.Mitra, however, did not spell out the details of the entry tax and proposed to table a bill that would specify the commodities to be taxed as well as the tax rate. The other major tax source could be the lifetime road tax (15 years) to be charged from those buying vehicles, though it's an optional proposal. A road tax is already in effect; Mitra has only proposed to switch to a one-time payment model to mop up revenue.Entry tax and lifetime road tax are the two major components of Mitra's plan to shore up revenues, which he hasn't been able to achieve just through better tax compliance. These apart, most proposals in the Rs 32.84 lakh state budget are supported by Bengal's increased share of central taxes and increased public debt, which is no less than 55% of the state's revenue receipts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12390903", "title": "Odisha CM sends ministers for release of BJD MLA abducted by Maoists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Maoists abducted a tribal MLA of ruling BJD from Koraput district early on Saturday, adding to the woes of the Odisha government which is trying to resolve the 10-day-old Italian hostage crisis.Hours after the abduction of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka, Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik has rushed state revenue and disaster management minister S N Patro and ST and SC development minister Lal Bihari Himirika to the area.Patnaik also called up home minister P Chidambaram and briefed him about the situation.During their telephonic talk, the home minister asked the chief minister whether he needed any assistance from the Centre to deal with the situation.However, sources said, Patnaik did not seek any help. Odisha chief secretary B K Patnaik also called up Union home secretary R K Singh to brief him about the prevailing situation in the state.Official sources said the elite National Security Guard Commandos have been kept on standby and may be rushed to Odisha at short notice to assist the state security forces to help in rescue operations.Hikaka was returning home from Koraput when more than 50 armed rebels stopped his vehicle near Toyaput where the road had been dug up and a truck had blocked the way, Koraput Superintendent of Police Avinash Kumar said.While the personal security officer (PSO) and driver of the MLA were allowed to leave by the ultras who snatched away their mobile phones, Hikaka was taken away into the nearby forest, about 40 km from here at gunpoint, he said.The incident happened hours after Patnaik appealed to the rebels to desist from violence.Amidst uproar by opposition members protesting the abduction in the state assembly, Patnaik, who reviewed the situation at a meeting with top officials, said in a statement in the House that \"At approximately 1 AM this morning, MLA from Laxmipur Jhina Hikaka was abducted near Toyaput on Koraput-Laxmipur road.\"While no group has yet claimed responsibility for the kidnapping, it is suspected to have been done by Maoists, he said, adding senior police officials have rushed to the spot.The abducted MLA's wife, Kaushalya has appealed to the kidnappers to release her husband unharmed, saying he had been working for the welfare of tribals.On the Italian hostage crisis, the chief minister said the negotiations would continue to resolve the issue.\"However, we will be urgently handling the abduction of the MLA that took place this morning,\" he said.The issue rocked the state assembly which plunged into turmoil as opposition Congress and BJP members trooped into the well and shouted slogans against the government slamming it for the deteriorating law and order.The House was adjourned till 12:30 amidst pandemonium with the opposition members trying to climb the Speaker's podium and voicing concern over safety of elected representatives.The PSO and driver Urgrasen, who had informed the Laxmipur police station about the incident, said a large number of armed rebels had surrounded the vehicle after stopping it.\"They took away my mobile phone and that of the PSO before asking us to leave,\" he said, adding \"they also asked us to tell people that Maoists had abducted the MLA.\"In protest against Hikaka's abduction, local residents in the area staged a demonstration and blocked the Koraput-Laxmipur road demanding his immediate release.The abduction came 10 days after the Maoists took two Italians hostage from Kandhamal district on March 14 and talks were in progress between rebel-nominated negotiators and government representatives to resolve the crisis.Maoist negotiators engaged to end the Italian hostage crisis - B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty - have appealed to the Maoists to release the legislator without delay.Meanwhile, the Maoists have given a call for 'Bharat Bandh' demanding among other things a halt to green hunt operations against them and release of a large number of people booked on charge of being rebels.Posters listing these demands and seeking support for the shut-down were also found at the site of abduction of the legislator, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "12388530", "title": "Peeved Congmen in talks with us: Uttrakhand BJP MLA", "text": "UJJAIN: While the Uttarkhand cliffhanger remained, 22 BJP MLAs from the state who were shepherded to Ujjain on Thursday, apparently to keep the flock safe from horse trading, attended the early morning bhasma arti at the Mahakaal temple, performed using fresh ash brought from a funeral pyre.All but two in the group were allowed to talk to the media. One of them, Rajkumar Thukral, claimed there were about 15 Congress MLAs hanging loose in Uttarkhand, angry at not being given the promised berths or even sinecure posts in any government body. \"They have been in constant touch with the BJP,'' he maintained, hastening to deny that his party intended to try any horse trading to shore up the magical number to form the government. \"And none of us will be sold, either'' affirmed Thukral.The BJP is apparently taking no chances in Uttarakhand, sending out 22 out of 31 MLAs, many of them first-timers, on a \"pilgrimage'' away from the state, while rival Congress, up by one seat, is reportedly leaving no stone unturned to prove its majority in the House by March 29.\"We came here only to seek the blessings of Mahakaal,'' insisted MLA Thukral, denying there was any fear of any MLA in the closely held pack being induced to cross the floor. Asked why the others with him were shying away from the media if they were merely on a pilgrimage, Thukral declined to comment.Thukral also maintained that BJP's Uttarakhand unit president Bishen Singh Chuphal too was refusing to meet the media only because he feared he might \"slip up'' in some way. The strength of Uttarakhand Assembly is 70, of which BJP has 31 seats and the Congress, 32.Three are from BSP, 3 more are Independent and the last is from Uttarakhand Kranti Dal (UKD). The MLAs are to leave for Omkareshwar on Friday evening before leaving for Delhi on Saturday. \"We have to be in Dehradun on March 25,'' Thukral said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386180", "title": "\u2018Maoists using trains to carry ammunition\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Normal train services may have resumed in the Kharagpur-Tatanagar and Kharagpur-Adra sections of South Eastern Railway (SER) but the threat of another sabotage attempt by the Maoists remains. This was revealed by officials of central and state intelligence agencies at a high-level security meeting convened by SER general manager A K Verma in Kolkata on Friday.\"During deliberations, officials said that security has to remain tight along the tracks in Maoist-affected parts due to the threat perception that still exists. Officials from intelligence agencies noted that Maoist movement is continuing near Dhalbhumgarh along the Bengal-Jharkhand border and passenger trains are sometimes being used to carry arms, ammunition and supplies for the rebels,\" an official said.Verma said during the meeting that SER had taken certain measures to ensure safety of night trains. \"We have taken all necessary steps. However, there is little we can do if insurgents use our trains to move from one place to the other with valid tickets. It is the job of the police to nab such people. We have agreed to hand over land to the GRP for installations such as camps, police stations and outposts,\" the official added. Camps may be set up at Sardiha, Gidnih, Godapiasole, Chandrakona Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387159", "title": "Absence of TDR policy holding back", "text": "JAIPUR: Records of transferring development rights (TDR), which will be provided to the private developers for developing affordable housing schemes and implementing slum development projects, will be made online by the Urban Development and Housing (UDH) department. Acting on the chief minister's direction to make the TDR policy more transparent, the town planning cell has made a suggestion to the UDH department in this regard.An official from the UDH said, \"After getting the proposal approved from the law department, the UDH department has sent the draft to the state cabinet for approval on June 2011.\" However, no decision has been taken on the proposed draft so far. In a recent meeting, chief minister Ashok Gehlot has directed to make amendments in the policy. \"To bring transparency in the TDR policy we have suggested to put it in public domain by making it available online,\" said chief town planner, NK Khare. The draft will be tabled in the state cabinet meeting again for the final approval.With the TDR policy decision is still pending, the ambitious affordable housing project of the state government stalled. Jaipur development authority asserted, \"Until the policy is approved by the state cabinet, we can not invite developers and issue expression of interest (EOI) on public-private-partnership (PPP) model.\"TDR is an instrument that provides land development rights (permitted to be used on new and existing building) to the developer issued by the urban local bodies (UBL) in the form of a certificate.\"It allows a land owner to sell part of his right to develop his own or other land. Once the TDR transaction between private developer and administrative head of a ULB, under prescribed guidelines, is completed then the developer or purchaser is entitled to build more than the permissible FSI subject to TDR use guidelines,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12386056", "title": "HC directive to PCMC over slum project", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court has directed the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) not to issue occupancy certificates or letters of allotment for the tenements constructed at the slum rehabilitation project at sector number 22 in Nigdi without the permission of the court.The PCMC has also been directed to file an affidavit in the court by March 28 on whether the slum rehabilitation scheme, which borders the defence land, was being implemented after obtaining environmental clearance and other necessary permissions.The order was passed by Justice N M Jamdar and Justice A M Khanwilkar on March 19.The PCMC is constructing a total of 11,760 tenements in the slum rehabilitation project under JNNURM. Incidentally, there is a dispute over the land where the scheme is being implemented, as defence authorities had issued restrictions on land development in some areas of Charholi, Moshi, Bhosari and Dighi, which are in the municipal limits.The defence authorities had issued a notice in 1990 under section 7 and sub-clause (c) of Works of Defence Act, 1903, putting restrictions on land development. The land, where restrictions have been issued needs to be free of any constructions, is also referred to as the 'Red Zone area'.The directions of the high court have come in response to a petition filed by Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale who has said that the PCMC violated various rules. The court has also asked the PCMC to state in its affidavit whether permission had been granted, and whether the scheme is in conformity with the clearances.The high court has made it clear that obtaining the environmental clearance in respect of the slum rehabilitation scheme by the civic body does not mean that the scheme can continue in violation of the Defence Act. If the schemes are on the land covered in the disputed area, then the development will be at the PCMC's own risk, costs and consequences. If the constructions are to be removed, it would be at the cost of the PCMC.The high court has directed the district collector to initiate the process of land measurement and preparation of a plan of the areas affected by the Red Zone of Dehu Road Ammunition Depot in six months. As per the court order, a compliance report is to be filed in six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387252", "title": "Visit of Indian MPs' team to Lanka comes under a cloud", "text": "CHENNAI: The impending visit of an all-party delegation of Indian MPs to Sri Lanka in April has come under a cloud of uncertainty after India's vote in favour of a US-sponsored resolution on war crimes in the island nation, which was adopted at the UN Human Rights Council meeting in Geneva .\"Whether the visit will happen now or if it will be delayed, we can't say at this juncture,\" Congress Rajya Sabha MP and president of the Tamil Nadu Congress unit B S Gnanadesikan told TOI.He said the Centre would take a decision based on inputs from the external affairs ministry, which is in touch with the Sri Lankan government. He said the leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha , Sushma Swaraj of the BJP, who has been named by the government to head the delegation, could fix the dates of the visit according to her convenience.Swaraj was unavailable for comment, but BJP sources said she was keen on the visit and was waiting only for the conclusion of the recent assembly elections in various states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12387952", "title": "Domestic abuse victims prefer NGOs to cops", "text": "GURGAON: With 6,96,811 women living in a city with 15 lakh population - 853 women per 1,000 men - and frequent media reports of violenceagainst women, it comes as a bit of a surprise that hardly a few instances of domestic violence are actually registered with the Gurgaon police. It turns out that most women prefer going to an NGO or a women welfare group with their grievances rather than putting their faith on cops.In all, Gurgaon police registered less than two dozen cases in the last two years under the Domestic Violence Act. According to police sources, it is more common among women or their family members to register cases of dowry harassment and not domestic violence.Women say they prefer to approach women welfare groups or NGOs. \"As a matter of fact, I would be more comfortable in approaching a woman to discuss matters related to marital discord rather than spending tormenting hours amidst men at a police station,\" said J K Kaur, a retired government school principal living in Sector 23.This despite the fact that the police department has a senior woman official at the district police women's cell sitting adjacent to the office of the women and child welfare department at the Mini Secretariat in Rajiv Chowk. Sources say that this once again reveals the lack of faith that people have in the police force.'My husband tortured me mentally, physically'I come from a well-off family but I fell in love with a man who used to run a shop and married him against my family's wishes. To my horror, a few years after my marriage, my husband started drinking heavily and started abusing me. It became a nightmare and the torture continued even after I became a mother of two daughters and a son. I finally filed for a divorce which I managed to get in 2010. I decided to move on in life and today I have my own tuition centre. My only ambition in life now is to give my children the best possible education and future.Geeta (name changed), victim of abuse40% of complaints from booze-related violenceAround 40% cases of domestic violence that come to me are those from women who are abused by their husbands under the influence of alcohol. These cases are not restricted to any particular section of society.In fact, it is very common in families where both the husband and wife are well educated. We do not directly take the women to court. First, I offer them but if that doesn't help, we file a case and take protection order for them. However, 90% women do not want to file a case to save their homes as they have nowhere else to go.Meena Kumari(Interviews by Mamta Sharma)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12387869", "title": "MBA, MCA entrance exams on March 31", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 16,000 students from Coimbatore district will appear for MCA, MBA, ME, M Tech and M Arch entrance examinations on March 31 and April 1. The examinations will be held at 12 centres in the city.As many as 5,853 students will appear for MBA entrance examination and 1,302 students for MCA. As many as 9,622 students will appear for ME, M Tech and M Arch entrance examinations. The MBA examination will be held on March 31 at 10am and MCA examination at 2.30pm. Entrance examination for post-graduate engineering courses will be held on April 1 at 10am.\"Over 90 % of students have got hall tickets for the entrance examinations. If anyone did not get the hall tickets in Coimbatore district, they can immediately approach the GCT College and can collect their duplicate hall tickets,\" said professor M Natarajan of GCT College and assistant coordinator for the entrance examination. The GCT College has been selected as the counselling centre for MBA and MCA aspirants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385826", "title": "Walmart\u2019s \u2018Best Price\u2019 under scanner for licence \u2018fraud\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Licences issued by the agricultural marketing department to the Bharati-Walmart owned 'Best Price' wholesale outlets sin Vijayawada and Guntur have come under scanner following suspicion that they might have been obtained after undermining the system.Bharati-Walmart is a joint venture by Bharti Enterprises and US-based retailer Walmart operating in wholesale business in notified agricultural products in India. Bharti and Walmart hold equal stakes in the venture.'Best Price modern wholesale' were the first wholesale cash and carry outlets which opened for business in May 2009. Since then, 15 such outlets have come up in the country, with Andhra Pradesh having two of them. The outlets in Guntur and Vijayawada were launched late last year, and within two months of each other, after the venture obtained permission from the agricultural market committees in the two cities.A recent report drafted by the Regional Joint Director of Marketing in Vijayawada recommends that the licences issued by the marketing committees under Section 7(1) of the Agricultural Produce and Livestock Markets Act (AP&amp; LS) should be reviewed and cancelled.The report notes that since the JV entity was founded on foreign direct investment and had entered into partnerships with farmers across the country, it should have obtained licence under section 7(7) of the AP&LS; Act.A trade licence is granted under section 7(7) of the AP&LS; Act for setting up of private markets in notified areas. A fee of Rs 50,000 has to be submitted along with a detailed project report to obtain licence for such an enterprise.Moreover, the project should have an outlay of not less than Rs 10 crore for providing facilities to cultivators and meeting the requirements of consumers. The application has to be made to the director of marketing and not to the market committee of the notified area.But in the present case, the licence was granted under section 7(1) of the Act, applicable only to traders willing to trade in notified agricultural products in a government market. The fee for such a trader with a turnover in excess of Rs 1 crore is Rs 3,000 and is the licence which can be issued by the marketing committee of a notified area.B Aravinda Reddy, commissioner and director of the agricultural marketing department, said \"Initially, I was under the impression that this was an instance of an error made by the marketing committees at Vijayawada and Guntur. So, I asked for additional details. But after considering the report and studying the functioning of these outlets, I came to the conclusion that there was no error. I have submitted the same to the government. As of now, there has been no decision about whether to review or revoke the existing licence,\" he said.Reddy also said that the outlets of Bharati-Walmart operate just like any other trader in a marketplace sans direct farm purchase. \"As far as we know, the outlets only conduct trader-to-trader wholesale transactions. They are not running a parallel private market and neither is there any evidence of them being directly involved with farmers in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12386327", "title": "Committee to suggest changes in Seba curriculum", "text": "GUWAHATI: In order to bring reforms in the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba), education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Friday said a special committee has been formed to suggest changes in curriculum of the board.Sarma said, \"There have always been issues like declaration of late results and error in registration cards with Seba. So to probe into all these matters, the special team has been formed to give special recommendations for the Board.\"The minister said the committee comprises Srinath Baruah, vice chancellor of KK Handique open university, Bijoy Sarma, former principal JB Law College , Hitesh Deka, principal KC Das Commerce College, Arup Kumar Misra of Assam Engineering College and Noni Gopal Mahanta of Gauhati University.He said, \"Within two months, the list of recommendations would be given and accordingly, we would start taking necessary action. Of late, Seba has been criticized for not giving admit cards on time and even wrongly printing names in registration cards. The committee would ensure that everything is done on time so that the students do not suffer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "purnia/araria", "code": "12387385", "title": "Judge arrest stayed in jawan death case", "text": "PURNIA/ARARIA: Purnia district and session judge (DJ) on Friday stayed the arrest of Araria additional district judge (ADJ) Umesh Chandra Mishra, who is named accused in the murder of a homeguard at his official residential campus on Wednesday, till May 23. There is no court of district &amp; sessions judge in Araria as such the ADJ, Araria, moved the DJ's court in Purnia.Mishra and his family members are charged with murdering the homeguard, Suresh Prasad Saha, in an FIR lodged by the deceased's wife, Jayamala Devi. The ADJ moved an anticipatory bail in the court of Purnia DJ Sanjay Kumar on Friday.Purnia Range DIG Amit Kumar said the homeguard had died due to head injuries. \"What caused the injuries is being probed,\" the DIG said. Police have got the autopsy report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387083", "title": "Haze clears off, city can breathe easy", "text": "MUMBAI: Those who have been wheezing for three days can now breathe easy. The dust haze that covered the city since Tuesday evening cleared considerably on Friday. Even dust particles trapped in the air settled down, bringing pollution levels down.From Wednesday, when visibility was a little more than 1 km, it rose to 2 km on Thursday and was similar on Friday. But the weather bureau said the haze had cleared considerably since Wednesday and better visibility could be expected on Saturday.\"The haze has cleared quite a bit and dust particles also seem to have more or less settled. It may take two more days for the city to come back to normal-March conditions,\" an official of the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai, said.On Friday, suspended particulate matter (SPM) levels dropped from Wednesday's 1,200 units per cubic metre to 210 units per cubic metre. \"Normal SPM levels are 100 units per cubic metre. But in a dynamic city like Mumbai, we see an average of 150 units per cubic metre,\" said an official of the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386287", "title": "Meet mulls ways to strengthen Agromet in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP meteorological department, Lucknow, organised a state level review meeting on 'Agromet Advisory Services' for farmers and other users on Thursday. The objective was creation of a state level consortium on Agromet. It will involve generation of forecast and weather observation as per user requirements, strengthening of dissemination of agromet advisories through multipurpose channels, popularisation of agromet advisory, development of feedback mechanism and issuance of advisories for new sectors like horticulture, fisheries, poultry and animal husbandry. At present, meteorological centre, Lucknow issues agromet advisory bulletins two times in a week -- on Tuesday and Fridays. These bulletins are transmitted through media and SMS to farmers and other users.The Integrated Agromet Advisory Services will be strengthened in collaboration with different departments of agriculture, horticulture, fisheries, sugarcane research institute, remote sensing, media etc. MP Singh, additional director, Agriculture, UP, was the chief guest. KK Singh, head of agromet division, India Meteorological Department, New Delhi, was also present. The meeting was attended by scientists and officials of various departments -- agriculture, horticulture, UPCAR, National Bureau of Fish Genetic Research, Remote Sensing, Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research, BSNL , Doordarshan, AIR, NIC, IFFCO Kisan Sanchar Ltd., NABARD,nodal officers of various agriculture universities of UP and farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390332", "title": "\u2018The Great Indian story\u2019, by three great authors", "text": "It was the seventh day at the Spring Fever 2012 and the literary mood was in full swing. The session of the evening titled 'The Great Indian Story' was presided by three eminent figures - author and public intellectual Gurcharan Das, writer and academic Amit Chaudhuri and the suave politician cum novelist Shashi Tharoor.This 'Great Indian Story' unfolded in different chapters by respective authors as they took turns to enthrall the audience with their soon-to-be published works by reading passages from them.'India Grows at Night' by Gurcharan Das : Talking about his book Indian Grows at Night , the writer of international bestseller, India Unbound, said, \"the complete title of the book actually reads ' India Grows at Night When the Government Sleeps '\". Author of The Difficulty of Being Good- On the Subtle Art of Dharma that examines the elusive laws of Dharma and moral codes of what is right and wrong in the epic Mahabharata vis-a-vis an India post the 9/11 era; explains in India Grows at Night that, \"India can tread the path of prosperity only with minimal interference by the government and full co-operation by the state in forming policies to ensure the well-being of the country,\" he added. Reading out excerpts from his book, he compared the condition of two developing regions, Faridabad and Gurgaon, situated away from the capital where the former is coping with modernity and the latter is rising with the help of private developers. For him, India's status as the second fastest growing economy comes at the cost of \"Private success and public failure\". He therefore urges \"a liberal case for a strong state,\" so that an equal society can be built for all.'Calcutta' by Amit Chaudhuri : While Gurcharan presented to us the prospect of an 'India shining' with good governance and well-intended politics, Amit Chaudhuri went back to the streets of Calcutta from where he searched his point of vision in rediscovering a past yearning to be revived today. Called Calcutta , the book is an account of the author's journey from 2009-2011. The inability to see the pulsating energy the street life once brimmed with and now seems to be shrouded by a blanket of modernity forms the crux of the book. The French windows, considered an inherent part of the office buildings of Calcutta, intrigued the writer. Not much interested in the monuments and relics left by the British in the city, he would walk the streets of Calcutta looking for French windows for reasons unknown. His attempt as an Indian writer to associate with another Indian writer from the past, Rabindranath Tagore, also finds voice in the book. Trying to reconcile with the high-flown English of Tagore's works led him to study the peculiarities in the songs and poems by the bard. As a writer he wants to make sense of the city, a city which is in a state of flux, a city where relationships are no longer intimate and lacks connection.'Pax Indica' by Shashi Tharoor : From the lanes of Calcutta, Shashi Tharoor led us to yet another face of India in terms of economics and foreign policies. In his forthcoming book 'Pax Indica', Tharoor discusses the role of foreign policies and the tangible benefits it can bring to India. For him, the 'Non-Resident Indian' has become- 'Now Required Indian' who had 'Never Relinquished India', and can be a strong force behind a stable Indian economy. Living in a tough neighbourhood where fundamental difficulties continue to plague Pakistan and Afghanistan, Myanmar struggles for a free election society, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Bhutan too cope with their own political inadequacies, \"it is time that the geographical proximity translates into constructive togetherness. Co-existence and a peaceful one at that is the need of the hour,\" asserts Tharoor. Deriving an example from the epic Ramayana, he says, \"we need to build that 'Rama Sethu' so that communication between countries of the sub-continent flourishes to a positive high.\"The evening ended on a note where the three intellectuals infused in the audience a spirit that helped us recognise the potential of a country once called the Golden Bird.Where : Spring Fever, Penguin India, India Habitat Centre, New DelhiWhen : On till March 25, 2012ipshita.mitra@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388333", "title": "Cops nab 13 for attacking businessman", "text": "NASHIK: Thirteen persons were remanded in police custody till March 26 by a local court on Friday in connection with the attack on an industrialist Santosh Sanju Hegde, on Wednesday.Hegde, who owns a company in the in the Satpur industrial area was beaten up by a gang of about 15 at around 11.30pm that day.The victim in his complaint said that the accused were permanent employees of his company. They were also members of the Nashik Workers' Union, Hegde said. Since November 7, 2011, the employees had been on a strike demanding an acceptance of their union. In Wednesday's attack, one of the accused Madhukar Kumbharde (35) along with the rest of the gang, forcibly stopped Hegde's car, dragged him out and started assaulting him with wooden stumps and iron rods.The gang fled the scene soon after. The victime was seriously injured in the incident and is being treated at Sopan hospital in Mumbai Naka.Describing the incident as an attempt to \"disturb peace in the industrial community using intimidation and force\", industry bodies in Nashik and Ambad, asked that the police commissioner take stern action against the men who have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12387281", "title": "Moovendar Munnetra Kazhagam functionary hacked to death", "text": "TRICHY: A 33-year-old block-level secretary of the Moovendar Munnetra Kazhagam (MMK) was done to death on Thursday night by unidentified persons at Kumbakonam. Two assailants came in a bike to the Darasuram office of MMK when the victim Lakshumanan was all alone.Police said that Lakshumanan did not suspect them to be assailants as he possibly thought that they were coming to him for some consultation. As they neared him, they pulled out their weapons and murdered him. Police said the deceased was the prime accused in the murder of one Senthil who ran a canteen in Darasuram market area in 2009. He has also been included in the list of known criminals in the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12386577", "title": "M S University liberalizes leave rules for employees\u2019 immigration", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) has liberalized leave rules for those employees who wish to go abroad on immigration visa or green card. As per the new norms, the employees who are above 55 years of age or who have completed 30 years of service shall be eligible to go abroad without submitting bank guarantee or bond and can avail of due leaves in their account.Those with less than 55 years of age or less than 30 years of service shall be required to proceed on immigration visa only on leave without pay. However, vacation period will not be counted in leave without pay. Such employees will also have to provide bank guarantee equivalent to two months' salary.The leave rules for immigration were liberalized during a syndicate meeting on Friday based on the recommendation of a committee under the convenorship of professor Ranjan Sengupta. The modifications will come into affect after senate members approve the decision.In another decision, the syndicate members have approved a proposal to issue a 'no objection certificate' to Harni-Warasiya Ring Road based Takshashila Vidyapith. The college affiliated to Veer Narmad South Gujarat University had sought the NOC to start BBA programme.At the same time, the syndicate members have granted a contract for printing of holograms of MSU on mark sheets and degree certificates to Ahmedabad-based Kairavi Graphics. The university has instituted 18 new gold medals/prizes and lecture series which will be awarded after ratification from senate.Based on an inquiry committee's report, the syndicate members have decided to issue show cause notice and initiate legal action against university's suspended security officer T B Jha. Jha was allegedly caught drunk during duty at the head office. The members have also appointed three ladies superintendents - Jahnvi Maurya, Gitarani Sharma and Rupali Burman - at the girls' halls of residence (hostels).In a first case of re-employment after retirement under new rules, retired professor S H Mishra from Department of Pharmacy has been re-employed as per the University Grants Commission norms as a superannuated professor. Mishra will continue in this position till the age of 65.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386494", "title": "Noida sealing: Supreme Court gives banks 2 weeks to reply", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday asked 18 nationalized and private banks operating 104 branches in non-conforming areas of Noida why they should not be sealed for failing to comply with the direction to shift to alternative sites from residential, industrial and institutional areas.A bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Ranjana P Desai asked the banks to submit their responses within two weeks after perusing an affidavit filed by the Noida Authority accusing them of neither responding to notices nor complying with the apex court's December 5, 2011, order.While the displaced bank branches had sought at least four months to complete the construction work at new plots, arrangement for strong rooms, etc and to complete the shifting procedure, the SC did not mention it in its latest order.In its fresh affidavit, the Noida Authority said despite repeated reminders, 18 banks were still running from unapproved locations without submitting requests for allocation of alternative plots in commercial zones.The list included four residential plots housing three SBI branches and a UBI branch. The remaining branches operated by Central Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Indian Overseas Bank, PNB and Canara Bank among others were found operating illegally from institutional and industrial plots.Granting two weeks for the defaulting banks to put in their response, the bench said, \"Issue notices to all banks listed in the Annexure as to why they be not sealed.\" Senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi, who represented some banks, informed the SC that branches operating from residential plots had largely been cleared and requested that the Noida authority should consider permitting the banks to operate from industrial and institutional areas.The bench asked the Noida Authority to respond to this proposal and directed it to prepare a scheme for nursing homes as their owners expressed inability to pay the cost of alternative sites allotted to them. The petition filed by nursing homes would be heard on March 30.\"We are going through the details of the court order. We are trying to analyze the feasibility of launching a new scheme for nursing homes,\" said Anil Raj Kumar, acting CEO, Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387582", "title": "A year on, nullah remains ganda", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents have been waiting for over a year for completion of the project to cover Ganda Nullah, but only 25% of the work has been done till now. Those staying in Field Ganj, Kidwai Nagar, Prem Nagar, Amarpura, Ram Nagar, Hargobind Nagar, Shivaji Nagar and New Shivaji Nagar are the worst hit.Irked by the officials tardy speed, residents are also worried that soon the rainy season will begin and hamper work. The work deadline has already been extended from February to May.Within three months monsoon will begin and once again the entire area will be flooded with drain water. Officials need to speed up, said Amit Kumar, a banker from Field Ganj.For so many years, we are living in hell. When this covering project was initiated, we were hopeful of getting rid of all the problems, but all the hopes have been dashed to ground. The construction work has also blocked the road and we have to take long routes, said Jaspreet Kaur, a resident of Amarpura.Officials have also failed to remove religious and other encroachments like electric and telecom poles due to which the construction work has been stopped. Executive engineer of bridges and road department, V B Goyal said, We have written to religious organizations for razing encroachments but have not received positive response. Similarly, we had deposited money with the power department for removing electricity poles but they have not completed the work yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386341", "title": "Maya\u2019s dream project to get Akhilesh\u2019s nod Swati Mathur", "text": "LUCKNOW: After suffering inordinate delays in its inauguration, Mayawati's dream project, the Yamuna Expressway, is likely to receive chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's nod soon. The six-lane, access-controlled, elevated expressway corridor will, subsequently, be thrown open to public in the last week of April.Senior project officials of the Jaypee Group, the developers for the expressway project, confirmed that the last stage of trials is underway. \"An automated toll plaza, along with facilities for mobile patrolling and emergency medical care, are being put in place. We expect to complete the processes by the first week of April, after which the project will be handed over to the government for their assessment.''Originally, the Yamuna Expressway was meant to be inaugurated in December, 2011. However, due to the assembly elections in the state and some part being still incomplete, the opening was delayed. Now delays in opening the project are being attributed to a massive bureaucratic reshuffle at the top, after the Samajwadi government took over earlier in March. A Jaypee official said: \"Once the newly inducted officials settle down, the process of assessing the project will begin. The Chief Minister may decide to travel along the expressway himself, after which the project will be inaugurated.''The technicalities that remain to be ironed out between the developers and the state government include finalising the speed at which vehicles will be allowed to travel along the expressway. The amount that shall be collected as toll tax by Jaypee Infrastructure also remains to be decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386541", "title": "Experts give tips on how to handle headaches", "text": "KANPUR: Topics of general importance like headache, care of multiple injuries with head trauma and the eye were discussed on the second last day of IMA-CGP refresher course on Friday. The medical fraternity laid stress on medical education to common man to avoid bigger mishaps due to medical negligence.Dr Debashish Chowdhary, professor of neurology, GB Pant Hospital, New Delhi, was one of the speakers on day six. The expert talked on the topic of headache and approach of general public towards it. The expert while addressing the delegates informed that headache was one of the most common complaints presenting to a family physician worldwide these days. Also, almost 40% of individuals suffered at least one episode of severe, disabling headache annually.\"The one year period prevalence of headache is 90% and lifetime prevalence is 99%. Over 240 million persons suffer 1.4 billion migraine headaches annually among which 5% women and 2.8% men have headache lasting for more or equal to three months which is known as chronic daily headache,\" added Dr Debashish.He said a majority of the headache patients who sought medical advice suffered from migraine. Also, 80% of migraine patients have severe or very severe headaches and as high as 52% need bed rest during the attack.Dr Amit Gupta talked on the topic of 'Care of multiple injuries with head trauma and what to do before an expert arrives'. There has been a drastic rise in the patients suffering from brain and head injuries in the region for the past few years. The expert laid emphasis on immediate treatment methods to be given to such patients. \"Injury and trauma often used interchangeably represent a major health problem worldwide. Everyday around the world, almost 16,000 people die from all types of injuries. Accident Injury is one of the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in India,\" said the expert.He added that India had one per cent of total vehicles in the world but accounted for six percent of total road accidents. There are approximately 550,000 road crashes causing injury in India each year, resulting in approx. 1.34 lakh deaths and 1.8 million seriously inured. \"An individual brought with history of trauma can have injury to one or multiple areas of the body, some of which could be life threatening,\" added Dr Gupta.While elaborating on the methods to be adopted immediately, the expert informed that one should immediately clear passage of airway, side turning of head, clean vomit to maintain airway of the sufferer. Also, one should opt ways to maintain normal blood pressure as well. \"Applying gentle pressure on the bleeding site is another important attempt which should be executed,\" he added.Talking on the topic 'eye and aesthetics', Dr AK Grover, chairman, dept of opthalmology at Sir Gangaram Hospital said any alterations in the eyes, whether age related, congenital or due to external causes, had a profound impact on the appearance of a face. This also has an effect on the confidence of a person and his ability to face the world.\"Different aspects of oculoplastic surgery affect the aesthetic appearance of the eyes. The aesthetics can be affected by congenital condition like drooping of eyelid, eyelid defects or various other abnormalities. It may be altered by acquired external factors like injuries, infections or tumours. Ageing also causes changes in the aesthetics of eye and surrounding areas,\" informed Dr Grover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12392422", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav dissolves SP's Uttar Pradesh state executive", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister and state president of the Samajwadi Party , Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday dissolved the party's state executive and executives of associated cells with immediate effect.\"Akhilesh Yadav has dissolved state executive and executives of associated cells, except state presidents, with immediate effect,\" party spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary said in a statement issued here.Akhilesh will remain party's state president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12385956", "title": "\u2018Focus on commercial scale-up of IT products\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Minister of state for communications and information technology (IT) Sachin Pilot has said that the Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) needs to move two steps forward to ensure that the IT-based products developed by it are commercially scalable in open market.\"The centre ought to showcase and market these products beyond the existing use by government offices,\" he said, at the 25th Foundation Day of C-DAC, a premier organisation of the department of electronics and IT (DEIT) for carrying out research and development in IT, electronics and allied areas.Pilot traced C-DAC's progress since the late 1980s when it was established in the wake of the United State's decision to deny technology to India in certain key areas out of fear of its use for nuclear applications.\"The hunger for knowledge and for making breakthroughs still exists in the organisation as it was during the days of its inception,\" he said.\"However, the need is to refocus on areas that can lead to creation of demand-driven market,\" he added.Pilot said the Electronics Services Delivery Bill, which is pending in the Parliament, will bring in a major change in terms of securing access to information for people, especially those in rural areas, at the click of the mouse.The bill provides, among other things, for a certain portion of the government services like land records and tehsil office works, to be delivered through online mode. This will bring greater transparency and reduce human interface in government offices, he said.In his Foundation Day lecture, delivered through video-conferencing mode, Sam Pitroda, adviser to the Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations, said, \"We need to refocus on development of indigenous technologies by creating an institutional infrastructure and eco system.\"He said, \"As of now, indigenous development is difficult in India as it requires a lot of political will and a systematic bypass to the existing systems, which are not in tune with new ideas and new initiatives. Also, at times, there is no user commitment.\"Pitroda said, \"The second phase of telecom revolution, which is to unfold soon, is all about democratisation of information. While phase-I focussed on rural and mobile telephony to connect everyone through voice communication, the phase-II will focus on broadband, optical fibres, applications, local content and local languages, among others.\"He stressed the need to set up national innovation councils, comprising of highly skilled domain experts, in 10 areas i.e., high speed computing; cyber security; distributed networks; optical devices; wireless communication; low power mobile and smart phones; local applications; local languages; voice recognition and translation; cloud computing; sensors and other devices and solar. \"These are the areas which will drive the electronics industry in the country.Devang Khakhar, director of IIT Bombay, said in his presidential address that India needs to build up high performance computing (HPC) facilities on a bigger scale considering that the country has fallen way behind US and China in this area.\"Education opportunities in HPC are lacking, and hence there is a shortage of trained people in this very important area,\" he said.Additional secretary and financial advisor to DEIT, R Bhattacharya; C-DAC director general Rajat Moona; and executive director Hemant Darbari were among the prominent guests present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12391230", "title": "Agent Vinod gets a mediocre opening", "text": "Saif Ali Khan's spy-thriller hasn't set the cash registers ringing.Saif Ali Khan's much awaited and ambitious film Agent Vinod finally released on Friday but the box-office response to it isn't as encouraging as one might have expected from this slick spy-thriller.The buzz around the film was humongous and Saif had left no stone unturned to promote the film of which he is also a producer. Also no other film released this Friday and Agent Vinod happened to be the only solo release. Going by that trade circles were expecting the business to be big.However the opening to the film isn't as great. \"At many theatres, the occupancy was in the range of 30-40% on Friday despite the fact that it was a holiday (Gudi Padwa)\", says a trade person. The response to the film has been mixed with many blaming it as a style-over-substance product. \"The business was better at multiplexes as compared to single screen\", adds the trade person. Also Agent Vinod isn't exactly a film that would appeal beyond the urban belt.While it's too early to predict its fate, the Saif-Kareena film seems to have had just a mediocre start at the box-office and there aren't any signs that the business would escalate over the weekend. Let's wait till Monday for final figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "machavaram (guntur)", "code": "12385860", "title": "Villagers\u2019 bid to bury couple alive", "text": "MACHAVARAM (GUNTUR): Villagers of Machavaram thrashed an aged couple and tried to bury them alive on Friday suspecting that they were practising witchcraft. Police personnel from Rajupalem, Piduguralla and Machavaram had to be rushed to the village to rescue the couple from the angry villagers. The victims were shifted to the Piduguralla government hospital in a serious condition.The suspicions of the villagers gained strength after sudden death of two persons in the village last week. They started tracking the movement of Shaik Babu and his wife Allabi. Some villagers followed Babu when he was heading to the local burial ground in the late hours of Thursday. Later, Allabi joined him in the burial ground in the wee hours of Friday. The couple were beaten up mercilessly for 'practising' witchcraft.The couple tried to convince the villagers that they had come to the burial ground to pray for peace for the departed souls and that they had no any intention to use black magic on anybody. But that did not save them from the wrath of the villagers who ruthlessly beat up the wife and husband. As the attackers used stones and sticks on the hapless victims, the couple lost their tooth. Later, they decided to bury them alive at the same place.Two constables from Machavaram rushed to the spot and tried to rescue the victims but in vain. The angry mob even blocked the entry of an ambulance from entering the village. Additional forces were requisitioned to shift the severely injured couple to hospital. In their statement to police, the victims said that they were being falsely implicated by the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385720", "title": "Wary cops seek help of Mythris", "text": "HYDERABAD: With TDP corporator from Mangalhat Raja Singh lodged in jail, the city police have been for the last one week organising peace committee meetings ahead of the upcoming Sri Ramnavami festival scheduled for April 1.It was during the same period in 2010, communal violence broke out in the Old City. The peace committee meetings are to ensure that no untoward incident takes place during the traditional religious rallies taken up on the occasion of Sri Ramnavami and Hanuman Jayanthi, which is scheduled for April 6.In the past one week, officials of three police stations __ Mangalhat, Kulsumpura and Shahinayathgunj __ held peace committee meetings with persons of both communities and asked them to cooperate with the police in maintaining law and order during the religious rallies taken up by various Hindu organisations.\"On Thursday, we held a peace committee meeting (also called Mythri meeting). We informed the members that some forces, which have vested interest, will try to disturb the peace during the forthcoming religious rallies. But we alerted the members of the peace committee not to play into the hands of those troublemakers,'' Kulsumpura inspector K M Kiran Kumar told TOI.In some places like Mangalhat, the locals requested the police to organise more such peace committee meetings to check communal tension during religious festivals. Generally, Raja Singh and his followers take a keen interest during the rallies taken up on the occasion of Sri Ramnavami and Hanuman Jayanthi.The followers of Raja Singh have charged that their leader was being kept in jail on trumped up charges like purchasing a stolen vehicle with the sole intention of keeping him away from participating in the two festivals. Already, the cops have prepared a list of persons who will be restricted to the local police station during these festival days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387441", "title": "6 NDA candidates to Rajya Sabha elected unopposed", "text": "PATNA: State JD(U) president Vashishth Narayan Singh and BJP national spokesman Ravishankar Prasad were among the six nominees of the two parties who were declared elected unopposed to Rajya Sabha (RS) from Bihar, as the seventh one in the fray, an Independent candidate, withdrew his nomination papers on Friday.Otherwise, Friday was the last day for the withdrawal of nomination papers which were filed on March 19 by all the seven candidates. \"The seventh candidate, Ahmad Ashafaq Karim, withdrew his nomination papers on Friday -- the last day for the withdrawal of names,\" said state assembly secretary-cum-returning officer for the elections to the six seats of RS from the state Lakshmi Kant Jha.\"The withdrawal of the papers by the seventh candidates paved the way for the declaration of the elections of the six remaining candidates -- four of the JD(U) and two of the BJP -- to RS from the state,\" he added.Singh, Mahendra Prasad, Ali Anwar and Anil Sahni were declared elected unopposed to RS from the JD(U) side, as well as Ravishankar and Dharmendra Pradhan from the BJP camp. Pradhan is BJP general secretary and co-incharge of the party's Bihar affairs.Interestingly, of them, only Pradhan is a fresh face to RS, while the remaining five are the repeats. Of them, it would be seventh term of Mahendra. Similarly, Ravishankar is entering the RS for his third term.Indeed, elections to the six RS seats from the state was not without its share of suspense and drama, as both the JD(U) and the BJP tried for the sixth seat, as separately, the JD(U), in normal course, could ensure victory of three of its sitting members, and the BJP only of its sitting member Ravishankar and its new face Pradhan. However, the two parties resolved the stalemate with regard to the sixth seat, with the BJP agreeing to transfer its surplus votes to the fourth JD(U) nominee -- Singh, in the present case. The JD(U) had 13 surplus votes while the BJP had 21.Earlier, on March 19, the day of filing the nomination papers, it appeared that the four JD(U) and two BJP nominees would be elected unopposed, but Karim also filed his nomination papers as Independent candidate at the eleventh hour, claiming support of the RJD, LJP and the Congress members accounting for 27 MLAs in the state assembly.However, Karim could not muster the support of the MLAs he had claimed, and accordingly, made an honourable exit from the fray withdrawing his papers on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12390123", "title": "Samsung eyes top slot in Indian mobile market", "text": "JAMMU: Samsung Electronics said that it is aiming to become No. 1 company in mobile handset sales in the next few years.\"We are looking to take absolute leadership in mobiles in India in terms of volumes and business in next few years\", Samsung Electronics Deputy General Manager (DGM) Aditya Murthy told reporters here today.\"We are becoming the largest producers of the smartphones in the country,\" he said.\"All the Samsung platforms put together, we are number one in the market as far as the smart phones are concerned\", he said.Asserting that Samsung is investing heavily in Jammu and Kashmir, Murthy said that we are looking to set up stores in Jammu and Kashmir to expand our business.\"Jammu and Kashmir is the best market for business. It is going to have a great growth,\" he said.Murthy added that in the business sector of notebooks, we have achieved a growth of 8 per cent in last few years and the market share has narrowed down between the top products in the market and our product.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387277", "title": "Shortage of staff, gadgets hit NMC hospitals hard", "text": "NAGPUR: God forbid, if you meet with an accident and are seriously injured, pray that you are not taken to a Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) hospital. It is likely that you will be redirected to a private or another government hospital. Reason: Civic body's hospitals are in a shambles.At present, NMC runs three indoor patient hospitals, including Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya at LAD Square, Panchpaoli Maternity Hospital and an isolation hospital in Immamwada. Besides, the civic body runs three big diagnostic centres at Mahal, Sadar and also at Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya. NMC has 57 outpatient dispensaries (OPDs), including 23 health posts sanctioned under the Union government's schemes, 15 allopathy hospitals, 12 ayurvedic, three homeopathy, three naturopathy and a Unani hospital.Mayor Anil Sole and his team is expected to do a lot in NMC's health sector as most of the hospitals are in pathetic conditions due to sheer negligence.The operation theatre at the eye hospital in Mahal remains defunct as doctors need special permissions from the civil surgeon at Mayo Hospital for technical reasons.Most NMC health units are facing shortage of staff. With limited hands, officials admitted to a tough task managing the units. No wonder, occupancy levels are falling in hospitals and clinics.An NMC official admitted, \"We are grappling with attendance-related problems too as staffers are not sincere and regular. We are conducting only one or two deliveries per day.\"The only maternity hospital is also grappling with problems. Pregnant women facing complication or possible caesarean are referred to GMCH or Mayo hospital.Doctors said that they do not attend to accident victims, mainly due to lack of equipment and expertise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386547", "title": "Phatak hoped to be chief secretary this year", "text": "MUMBAI: Were the Adarsh scam not to mar his professional march, Jairaj Phatak was well on his way to becoming the state chief secretary. Now, however, the chances of his rising to such a notable position are thin.An IAS officer of the 1978 batch, Phatak was hoping to head the state bureaucracy from December 2012 after the tenure of the current chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad gets over. Gaikwad is scheduled to retire on May 30, but it is widely expected that he will get a six-month extension. Since all other senior bureaucrats-barring J K Banthia who retires in June 2013-are to retire before December 2012, Phatak was not overreaching in aspiring for the top job. On Thursday, however, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan suspended him for his alleged involvement in the Adarsh scam.\"Phatak was sure to take over as chief secretary in December 2012, particularly because of his clout and because he hails from the state. But now it appears that Phatak has missed the bus,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI. After graduating in science, Phatak did his post-graduation in physics from IIT-Bombay in 1975. When he could not secure a place in IAS in first attempt, he joined the Indian Railway Traffic Service for a brief period. In 1978, he got through the civil services and thereafter began a bright career.Known as a ready reckoner in the corridors of power, Phatak was a blue-eyed boy of many chief ministers. During the Shiv Sena-BJP rule, he was among the most trusted bureaucrats of then chief minister Manohar Joshi . Subsequently, when the Congress-led Democratic Front came to power, he had direct access to CM Vilasrao Deshmukh.In his career spanning more than 30 years, he held several key positions in Maharashtra and at the Centre. His stints as commissioner of the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation and as the chairman and managing director of the Rural Electrification Corporation were widely appreciated.But then in 2010, the Adarsh scam got exposed and things changed. Last month, he was passed over for promotion as additional chief secretary while many juniors were given the rank. \"Now that his name figures in the Adarsh FIR, it appears that he will not be considered for ACS till his name is cleared. It will be a long-drawn legal battle for Phatak,\" said a bureaucrat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386186", "title": "Plan panel bats for merger of AIDS control with NRHM", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's HIV control programme could soon get merged with the country's flagship National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), if the Planning Commission has its way.The Commission's steering committee on health for the 12th five-year Plan has proposed \"incorporating AIDS control, universal healthcare and universal access to essential medicines\" into NRHM.Planning Commission member in-charge of health Syeda Hameed said, \"It is a serious recommendation to incorporate NACO under an overall National Health Mission rather that a single vertical programme.\"The proposal, however, has left both the Union health ministry and the National AIDS Control Organization (NACO) unhappy.Union health secretary P K Pradhan said, \"We have told the Planning Commission that this recommendation cannot work. AIDS control is a specialized issue, and needs focused attention.\"Pradhan added that AIDS control cannot be carried out by Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs).\"Containing AIDS and HIV in India will require dealing with sex workers, injectible drug users, transgenders and men who have sex with men. It is a different clientele compared to the work that ANMs do now. We are not in favour of the merger,\" Pradhan added.Hameed, however, disagrees.She argued, \"It's all about training the ANMs on how to carry out AIDS control. We, however, don't want to burden them too much. The steering committee report will undergo three levels of approval. We are confident of pushing it through.\"The steering committee report says \"Impressive gains made by national health programs, including NRHM and other disease control programs, now need to be channeled to deliver Universal Healthcare in all urban and rural areas during the 12th Plan period.\"It adds, \"The process should start during the first year of the plan itself with Universal Healthcare pilots being run in one district of each state and UT. Concurrently, the management structure of national health programmes needs to take steps to prepare for UHC. Key recommendations on this transition is reorienting from vertical disease based approach to a holistic, health promotion strategy based on strengthening of health systems.\"The panel says the B K Chaturvedi Committee on Restructuring of Centrally Sponsored Schemes has also recommended merger of individual disease control programmes.\"The NRHM governance structure should be used to provide leadership to all the national health programmes. Operations under national disease control programmes should be harmonized under NRHM so as to avoid duplication and provide convergent services in a cost-effective manner,\" the report says.India launched the first National AIDS Control Programme (NACP I) in 1992, while NACP II was initiated 1998. NACP III (2007-2012) was designed with the prime objective to \"halt and reverse the HIV epidemic in India\" by the end of the project.There has been a steady decline in overall prevalence, and nearly 50% dip in new infections over the last 10 years.Most of NACP III was funded by external partners like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation with domestic budgetary support to the department of AIDS control being less than 5% of the department's budget.The estimated number of new annual HIV infections has declined by more than 50% over the past decade. It is estimated that India had approximately 1.2 lakh new HIV infections in 2009 as against 2.7 lakh in 2000.Odisha, Bihar, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat account for 41% of new infections. The adult HIV prevalence at national level has continued its steady decline from estimated level of 0.41% in 2000 through 0.36% in 2006 to 0.31% in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "tirunelveli (tn)", "code": "12391610", "title": "Anti-nuclear activists administered saline on day 6 of fast", "text": "TIRUNELVELI (TN): The anti-nuclear activists observing an indefinite fast demanding scrapping of Kudankulam nuclear power plant were administered saline solution intravenously as their stir entered the sixth day on Saturday.The medical intervention was made at the fast venue in Idinthakarai after a team of doctors from Tirunelveli Medical College Hospital examined the 15 agitators, including People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy coordinator S P Udayakumar, spearheading the protest against the project, officials said.Doctors had yesterday said the protesters might have to be shifted to hospital if their condition deteriorated.The core group of agitators are on the fast since Tamil Nadu Government on March 19 gave its go ahead for the commissioning of the Indo-Russian project, work on which had remained stalled since September last following protests by the locals citing safety concerns.Meanwhile, ADGP (Law and Order) S George today reviewed the security arrangements in and around Kudankulam.Speaking to reporters at Kudankulam, he said police had been deployed in the area only to instill confidence in the minds of public and maintain law and order and they would never harass or cause inconvenience to the villagers.\"We will not arrest any public. Only those facing cases will be arrested. We will not harass public. Once law and order becomes normal, police will be withdrawn,\" he said.To a question when Udayakumar, slapped with charges including sedition and waging war against the country, would be arrested, George said he \"cannot say when it will happen.\"Meanwhile, the state \"Q\" Branch police, which deals with extremist elements, last evening arrested Tamil Nadu Youth Resurgent Forum leader Satish when he was present at a marriage hall where MDMK chief Vaiko and others were lodged after their arrest for attempting to proceed to Idinthakarai to express solidarity with anti-nuclear activists.Police said Satish had links to Naxalite groups and more than 15 cases were pending against him.Police also arrested Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi spokesperson Vanni Arasu at Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district for bid to proceed to Idinthakarai, where ban orders are in force, to support the anti-KNPP protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386083", "title": "Hatibagan traders set to start afresh", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after being razed in a devastating fire, Hatibagan market started emerging from the ashes on Friday.Even as civic workers carted out heaps of cinders, mangled tin sheds, twisted wooden planks and charred vegetables, the traders prepared to resume their business by Saturday. A list of affected traders was drawn up which Ranjan Pal, secretary of the Hatibagan Bazar Byabsayee Samiti that has more than 350 members, submitted in Burtolla police station. It will be forwarded to local Trinamool councillor Atin Ghosh and through him, to the mayor.\"I have incorporated the names of those who came to me. The remaining will be accommodated shortly,\" Pal said. Ghosh, who held a meeting with the affected traders on Friday, said he had a talk with mayor Sovan Chatterjee and all possible help would be extended to the \"badly affected\" traders. However, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is planning a proper rehabilitation package for traders registered with it.A section of traders was seen preparing to start business afresh from Saturday. \"We can't afford to sit idle. Our daily earnings are not enough to support our families for more than two to three days. We will starve if we can't resume our business by Saturday,\" said Ratan De, a vegetable seller, squatting on a mound of charred potatoes.Even though major portions of the gutted marketplace have been cleared of debris, the sprawling garments section - which suffered maximum damage - is yet to be restored. While the building that housed the section remains structurally insecure, a part of the market near the building remained blocked by rows of damaged stalls. Traders' organisations have sought permission to clear the debris.\"We shall employ our own labourers to remove the damaged stalls if the KMC can't do it,\" said Murarimohan Kundu, an executive committee member of the Hatibagan Bazar Byabsayee Samiti.The samiti has also drawn up an account of losses suffered by each trader. For many, it ran into lakhs for they had cash stashed away in their shops for year-end payments. Gautam Basak, a saree shop owner, said he lost more than Rs 5 lakh in cash and stocks worth over Rs 30 lakh. \"The losses can be recovered, but we need space to restart our business,\" said Basak.Representatives of the Federation of Traders' Organization (FTO) surveyed the Hatibagan market on Friday afternoon and had a meeting with local traders. \"We shall help them rebuild the stalls. It shouldn't take more than two days to clear the debris,\" said Shekhar Ranjan Pal of FTO.The Byabsayee Samiti was also keen on a quick resumption. \"We hope to be back in business by this weekend,\" said Samaresh Datta, its executive committee member.Police have launched a probe into the fire. \"The sabotage angle is being probed,\" said Vishal Garg, DC (north).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386562", "title": "'He was humble, always apologized, never fought'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Grieving relatives at Rajesh Bharadwaj's Budh Vihar house described him as peace loving and spiritually inclined. His aunt Chandrakanta said he was called a saint in the family circle.\"He was a humble and simple with no enemies. When I met him on Thursday afternoon, he was his cheerful self,\" she said. His uncle Vinod described him as a man with few vices. \"He would chew tobacco once in a while and gladly admit his mistakes,\" he said\"My son had no enemies. He was a very nice child,\" said Bharadwaj's mother Shashi.The auto driver's violent death in a road rage incident has left his dependents shocked. The news reached them early on Friday when they were just settling into a holiday routine with cousins in Karnal.\"I don't know what happened. We had reached Karnal on Thursday and were opening our bags when mother asked me to pack up again,\" said Ravith, Bharadwaj's 10-year-old son.As their mother Sangita wailed her heart out, Ravith and his sisters, Sudiksha (12) and Aarushi (9), sat motionless, probably worrying about an interrupted childhood. Sangita's cries voiced their common fears and anger over their breadwinner's death: \"I hope justice is done. Our loss can never be compensated\".Bharadwaj's family learnt about his death through his landlord in Budh Vihar. \"He informed Rajesh's brother, but none of us believed the news at first. It sank in only after we confirmed it at the police station,\" said Chandrakanta.While his wife and children were away, Rajesh was on his usual night shift. He had taken to driving the rented auto between 7pm and 2am to earn more. \"He was keen to educate his children in good schools. His elder daughter studies in a Central School and he had big hopes for her,\" said Vinod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12386307", "title": "Woman gang-raped in Manipur, 2 India Reserve Battalion jawans held", "text": "Four persons, including a havildar and a rifleman of India Reserve Battalion (IRB), have been arrested in connection with an alleged gangrape of a 40-year-old woman at Keinou village in Manipur's Bishnupur district. The woman was going to Imphal in a truck with her relatives with to sell firewood and chilly early on Thursday.Suddenly, four persons came in a car and stopped the truck and abducted the woman, a police source said. Later, the victim was taken to an isolated place in the district where she was sexually assaulted by two persons. Following a complaint lodged by the victim, Bishnupur Police arrested the four accused from different parts of Imphal, the sources added. A country-made 9mm pistol, Rs 6,500 in cash and a mobile were found on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387684", "title": "Abortive kidnap bid sparks Juhapura arson, 40 huts burnt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A seven-year-old girl's tale of horrifying few moments in the clutches of an abductor infuriated residents of Fatewadi. Angered by the recent and frequent abduction attempts, the mob turned its anger on 40 huts situated near an ice factory in Juhapura.According to Vejalpur police officials, Arifa Mallik, 7, a resident of Husaini Park II, was approached by a woman at 12 noon near The New Age School. She tried to abduct her but she managed to get out of her clutches and ran inside the school. She narrated the incident to the teachers after which she was taken home.Soon after this episode, mob fury erupted on Friday afternoon. A group of angry denizens set fire to the shanties near ice factory in Juhapura. \"It was only on Thursday that a woman from West Bengal was caught by Aslali police for attempting to abduct a child in Fatewadi on Thursday. Now, again this attempt on Arifa. These outsiders are responsible for these cowardly acts,\" said a resident of Juhapura.\"Once the news of her alleged abduction spread in the area, the local residents got angry and decided to address the issue then and there. Around 100 people accompanied the girl to the spot where the abduction attempt was made. The mob then zeroed in on the ghetto which also houses immigrants from West Bengal. Nobody is sure how the incident started but some youths torched roadside establishments including huts and two go downs and fled from the spot. As the hutments were made of highly inflammable material, the fire soon spread in half the locality and out of around 120 huts, 40 were charred and 10 more have been partially damaged. Three go downs of waste material have also been gutted,\" said J B Rana, inspector of Vejalpur police station.Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services ( AFES), told TOI that six vehicles were deployed on the spot to douse the flames. \"The operation lasted for two-and-a -half-hours. Most of the huts have been totally destroyed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12386894", "title": "18-year-old neighbour accused of raping minor girl in Kasan", "text": "GURGAON: Another case of rape has been reported from Kasan village, this time that of a 15-year-old girl by her 18-year-old neighbour. The victim's kin lodged an FIR against the accused who is at large.According to the police, the 15-year-old victim was raped by his neighbour late on Thursday evening. In the complaint, the victim's family members have alleged that Sangram Singh, a resident of the same village, kidnapped the victim when she was on her way to a grocery store late on Thursday night. The accused took her to a lonely place and allegedly raped her, said the police.After a medical examination of the victim, the Manesar police lodged an FIR against the accused. \"He will be behind bars soon,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12385837", "title": "Better state weather monitoring in the air", "text": "PANAJI: In a boost to the weather monitoring mechanism in the state, two new automatic weather stations (AWS) will be set up soon, while a total of eight rain gauges will also be installed at various locations in Goa shortly.Stating this on the sidelines of an exhibition to mark World Meteorology Day, state meteorological director K V Singh said the Goa meteorological centre will also start state forecasting soon. At the moment the forecast is specific to an area of 50km alone. While the northern parts of the state are largely covered, Sanguem, Quepem and Canacona are left out. Goa currently also has three AWS that are operational at Old Goa, Panaji and Mormugao.Asked how the upgrades will help, Singh said, \"We don't have much data for the purpose of forecasting.\" The met department depends on existing models and satellite pictures, and consults the Mumbai office on technical matters before finalizing forecasts. It also relies on the Mumbai office for sea forecasts and cyclone warnings. \"It is only our Mumbai office that issues these warnings,\" Singh said.Speaking on Goa's current weather, Singh said this summer is unlikely to be extremely hot as is being feared. \"So far the temperature is good compared to the last two years,\" Singh told TOI. He added that the monsoon is also likely to hit Goa by the end of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12386656", "title": "Energy sector focus of state\u2019s five year plan", "text": "JAIPUR: In its report submitted to the planning commission early this week, the state government has said it would be according highest priority to the energy sector during the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17) and the Annual Plan 2012-13. The outlay proposed for this sector in the Annual Plan has been augmented by over Rs 1,109 crore, which is an increase of 9.19% over the present financial year.The state government itself has termed its overall progress in the energy sector during 11th Five Year Plan as merely \"satisfactory\" and has categorically noted that the \"shortfall\" in the power generation capacity was \"considerable\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12388516", "title": "Three tigers killed in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Three tigers were among 69 animals killed in Chhattisgarh since 2009-10, while the state government has spent a little over Rs116 crore on the protection of animals during the period, an official said Friday.\"Cases of poaching in the state have risen in recent years and since fiscal 2009-10, 69 animals were killed, including three big cats. The forest department has stepped up patrolling and deployed more forest guards in areas vulnerable to poaching to safeguards wildlife animals,\"a senior forest official said.The department has also spent over Rs 3 crore since April 2009 for development of state's first ever crocodile park in Janjgir-Champa district, but the park also reported death of six crocodiles during the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12389973", "title": "Aakash 2 project aimed at democratising technology: Kapil Sibal", "text": "PUNE: The Centre said \"Aakash 2\" project was aimed at \"democratising technology\" in the country.Aakash is a low-cost tablet PC. The world's cheapest tablet PC was launched in October last by Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal . Aakash 2 is the upgraded version of the tablet.\"The project is aimed at democratising technology in the country. The focus is on service to citizens and how a Government will interface directly with public without any human interference,\" said Union Minister of State for Communications Sachin Pilot .He was addressing silver jubilee celebrations of the Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) here.Hailing the contribution of C-DAC, Pilot said it had played a major role in taking IT to the masses and the future challenges \"will be of interoperability and sustainability.\"\"Content must be available in all languages and at all platforms. 2012 is about a different India. Our quintessential hunger for knowledge has not changed. While India continues to grow, the game changer will be the transition of our society into a knowledge society.\"Sam Pitroda, Adviser to Prime Minister on innovations, said the first phase of the telecom revolution was already over, and we have \"entered the second phase of the revolution where the focus is on democratisation of information.\"\"The National Knowledge Network (NKN) is probably the biggest example of this initiative, but the key here is to learn to use this capability. NKN connects 2,50,000 villages through an optical fiber network and through this network, the villagers will be able to access a number of services from the Government. This has a huge implication on e-Governance.\"Three products from the R&D; stable of C-DAC were released on the occasion by the Minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12386062", "title": "Obama picks Korean-American physician-anthropologist as World Bank President", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama made an unusual and what some described as an ''inspired'' pick for the post of World Bank President, nominating Korean-American physician-anthropologist Jim Yong Kim for a job that in the past has typically been awarded to a US establishment figure.Obama, who himself broke the US political mold by becoming the country's first mixed-race President, made known his surprise choice shortly before he embarked on a visit to South Korea for the nuclear security summit, where he will also meet India's Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh . Kim was born in South Korea and grew up in Iowa, and is currently President of Dartmouth College , the first Asian-American to head an Ivy League school.He is also a former director of the Department of HIV/AIDS at the World Health Organization (WHO) and holds a medical degree and a doctorate in anthropology, both from Harvard University.Although the World Bank Presidency is a US preserve by convention (with the IMF leadership going to the Europe), several Indian names were in the mix this time as Washington came under pressure to relinquish its hold on the job. Among the names bandied around were the now infamous Montek Singh Ahluwalia, Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh , and Pepsico CEO Indra Nooyi. More fancied candidates included Columbia University development economist Jeffrey Sachs , Harvard University don Lawrence Summers , and Nigerian Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala.But President Obama chose the middle ground while still going off the beaten track, picking an Asian-American with a background in global health rather than an America-born economic maven to head what he called the ''world's largest development agency.'' Kim will replace Robert Zoellick , who like many of his predecessors ( Paul Wolfowitz , Robert McNamara etc) came from the US power base. Zoellick, who plans to step down in June after just one five-year term, is expected to visit India later this month on what could be a farewell visit.Kim's nomination will further raise the profile of South Korea, a country which has developed at great speed over the last three decades while leaving peers-turned-stragglers like India far behind. The US also backed South Korean Ban Ki Moon to head the United Nations.Kim, who was awarded a prestigious MacArthur Fellowship (also known as the ''Genius grant'') in 2003, co-founded Partners in Health, a nonprofit organization that provides health care for the poor, particularly HIV/AIDS patients in Africa.Former US President Bill Clinton , among others, described Kim as an ''inspired and outstanding choice'' based on his years of commitment and leadership to development and particularly health care and AIDS treatment across the world. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was among those whose name had also been bandied around for the World Bank Presidency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12387257", "title": "Centre releases Rs 8cr for fly-ash cluster", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Union ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) while giving a thrust to the upcoming fly-ash cluster project has released 8.10 crore for its financing, thus paving way for generation of employment for over 2,000 people.Total cost of the project, which aims to curb pollution through utilization of fly-ash and promote small entrepreneurship, has been pegged at 200 crore. Over 50 projects based on fly-ash will be incorporated in it which is being developed under MSME development programme of the central government.\"100 hectare land is reserved for it under Chandrapur MIDC,\" said project president Pravin Jani who added that 8.10 crore would speed up the work. Apart from that procurement committee of government will assist to install machinery in common facility centre (CFC) through the grant, he said.\"It is first of its kind fly-ash based cluster project in India that could be adopted at places having thermal power stations. With fly-ash readily available at Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station (CSTPS) and common facility centre (CFC) taking care of marketing and other related issues, the project has high financial viability,\" said Jani.He claimed that the industries in cluster will use a total of 500 metric tonnes of fly-ash per day in first stage. The project will also generate around 2,000 direct and indirect employment for local people, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392693", "title": "Mukesh Khanna's done with mythological serials!", "text": "Mythological serials may be finding renewed fervour on the TV, but the tube's own Bheeshma Pitamah has had enough of these 'fake' serials.He says, \"I've decided not to do this genre. The time for such serials was when we did Mahabharat. There was a script, definite storyline and no tampering at all. That's how mythology is done. Not like Ekta's Kapoor Mahabharat - which was a mockery made with models!\" So, when it was pulled off air and did not generate the desired TRPs, was Mukesh happy he did not accept Ekta's offer in the first place? \"Happy?\" exclaims Mukesh, adding, \"I was delirious for having refused! You can't make mythological serials without a soul. And today any historical or mythological serials are done keeping a trend or TRPs in mind, which I don't quite fathom!\" Giving an example, he says, \"Whether it's Maharana Pratap or Jhansi Ki Rani, jab bachcho ki wajah se serial chalta hai to who bade hi nahin hote! Kitne episode gaye or Jhansi ki rani badi hi nahin hui...I don't want to be part of such serials anymore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386495", "title": "Ganga crusader calls off fast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Environmentalist G D Agarwal, popularly known as Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand, ended his indefinite fast to clean the Ganga on Friday after the government agreed to call a meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority on April 17.Agarwal, a former Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) professor and member of the Ganga Sewa Abhiyan, had been on the fast unto death since January 15 and broke it with a glass of juice at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS). He was shifted to AIIMS five days ago from Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh after his condition deteriorated.Agarwal, however, made it clear that he had not ended his tapasya and would take only liquid till the promises were fulfilled. \"The government has called a meeting of the NGRBA on April 17 and I don't know what will happen. I will only consume food after some concrete decisions to ensure uninterrupted water flow and purity are taken,\" he said.Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal and the minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office, V Narayanswamy, assured the 80-year-old activist that his demands would be considered. \"The agenda as proposed by the Ganga Sewa Abhiyan will be the agenda of the NGRBA meeting ,\" Jaiswal said, adding that Agarwal would be a special invitee to the meeting of the authority, a body constituted by the Centre in 2009 to clean the river.The main demands of the Ganga Seva Abhiyan include immediate and total abandoning of all construction work on all hydel projects on the main streams of the Ganga, no new project that may disrupt the flow regimes in future, immediate and total brake on misuse of funds obtained in the name of conservation of the river and shifting of all industries likely to discharge any toxic/hazardous chemical waste at least 50km away from the Ganga.According to AIIMS doctors, the activist has a heart condition and suffered a mild heart attack on Tuesday. \"We managed to save him. But he needs to undergo angiography as soon as possible ,\" said a senior doctor. He added that both Agarwal and his supporters had been informed about it. \"Agarwal said he needed to prepare for the meeting and would go for medical treatment only after April 17,\" the doctor said.Agarwal, now admitted in the medicine unit of AIIMS, is being given total parentral nutrition through a tube. Rajendra Singh, the Magsaysay award winner associated with him, said it was started on Thursday. \"The doctors forced-fed to save him. Swamiji did not give his consent but he did not protest either,\" he said. No decision has been taken on discharging the patient yet, said AIIMS doctors.Activist G D Agarwal made it clear that he had not ended his tapasya and would take only liquid till the government fulfils its promises .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12385759", "title": "Economic survey 2011-12: HIV/AIDS cases on decline in state aids", "text": "PANAJI: The number of people afflicted with HIV/AIDS in Goa, which was on the rise since the first case was reported in 1987, has slightly declined in recent years, states the economic survey 2011-12.The economic survey was released during the budget session of the legislative assembly. In 2007, a total of 109 persons, including 67 males and 42 females, were reported positive. The number of cases went up further to 115, with 88 males and 27 females testing positive in 2008.In 2009, a total of 140 cases, including 91 males and 49 females were reported, but in 2010, the number declined to 89 including 60 males and 29 females. In 2011 (up to September), a total of 61 cases were reported. These included 38 males and 23 females, who tested positive. Dominic D'Souza, a regular blood donor was the first person to test positive in Goa. His case grabbed headlines for a few years till his death, as he was kept forcibly confined in a room at a tuberculosis sanatorium for 64 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385823", "title": "The collectorate is powerless to meet people\u2019s needs", "text": "KOCHI: Frequent power failures at the civil station in Kakkanad have hit the activities of various departments.Many visitors, including senior citizens and physically challenged, had to wait for hours on Thursday as power disruption affected offices.\"Power goes off at least three to four times on most of the days, disrupting the daily work,\" an official said. The Regional Transport Office (RTO) and other offices functioning in the collectorate block are the most-affected ones by the frequent power-cuts. \"It may take one to two hours to resume supply, which affects bill payment and registration as the whole office is computerized. People have to wait in queues for long to obtain various receipts and acknowledgement slips,\" an official with the RTO said.Though there is a three-phase connection, but most of the time power is supplied only through a single-phase. \"The transformer at the collectorate breaks down often due to overload resulting in frequent power failures. We had brought this to the notice of the electricity board, but no action has been taken yet,\" said Roy Thomas, an official in the collectorate.Meanwhile, a KSEB officials said the problem is with the internal wiring in the collectorate and not with the transformer. \"The internal wiring has been done using aluminum, which result in frequent power trips. We had asked the electrical section of the PWD to change the wiring but they have not fixed it yet,\" said a KSEB official at Thrikkakara office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387960", "title": "Mulund boy\u2019s grandmom tests positive for H1N1", "text": "MUMBAI: Another Mulund resident tested positive for the H1N1 virus on Friday, a few days after it was detected in her six-year-old grandson. While they are the first two H1N1 cases this year after a lull of nine months, it could indicate that the dreaded virus is back in circulation in the city.Executive health officer Dr Anil Bandivadekar said both were in a \"stable condition\".\"The child has been discharged from hospital, while the grandmother is at home, and has been started on Tamiflu,\" he said, adding that they had symptoms of cold and fever, following which doctors referred them for tests.Bandivadekar said both patients had not traveled to Pune, ruling out the possibility of contracting the virus from there. H1N1 has claimed five lives and affected 95 people in Pune in March. \"Protocols are clearly in place. We are alert and equipped to tackle any situation ,\" he said.He added that unlike 2009, when the pandemic broke out and the antiviral Oseltamivir was scarce, it is now available even with chemists.The civic authorities said specialists and general physicians have to keep treatment protocols in mind. Testing, as experts say, should be restricted only to high-risk patients suffering from flu-like illnesses, besides severe symptoms like breathlessness, high-grade fever (above 100F), chest pain and drowsiness (in children).State epidemiologist Pradip Awate said unless the patient is very serious and requires hospitalization , isolation and timely administering of the antiviral should be adequate. State guidelines state patients with mild symptoms like below 100F fever, cough and cold, should take regular medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12387363", "title": "Joint Secretary's wife in dock for taking bribe", "text": "TRICHY: A district adi-dravidar and tribal welfare officer in Trichy, who demanded a sum of Rs 10,000 from a cook she suspended, was caught red-handed by the DVAC on Friday, while she was taking the money from him. The accused, D Vedavalli is the wife of V Sundar, a joint secretary in the state finance department , who is currently on deputation to the Chennai Corporation as a financial advisor.DVAC chief DSP Ambikapathi said Mookaiyan, one of the two cooks at the Dr Ambedkar Government Boys Hostel was suspended by Vedavalli on January 21 after the warden sent an adverse report to the special tahsildar against him and two others. On Thursday evening, Mookaiyan met Vedavalli at her office and requested her to revoke his suspension. Vedavalli agreed, but on the condition that he pay her a bribe of Rs 10,000. Mookaiyan reported the matter to the DVAC on Thursday night and a case was registered against Vedavalli. When Mookaiyan paid the chemically-treated cash issued to him by the DVAC, to Vedavalli at her residence on Friday, she was caught and produced in the special court, where it remanded her in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12385824", "title": "Mormugao MLA in round 2 of cabinet", "text": "PANAJI: Mormugao MLA Milind Naik, Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar and independent Navelim MLA Avertano Furtdao are likely to be inducted into the Goa cabinet soon. BJP sources said the CM is keen to give Mormugao and Salcete talukas representation in his ministry.Cortalim MLA, late Matanhy Saldanha, was minister of tourism, forests and environment in the first phase of cabinet formation. He represented Mormugao taluka, sources said.They added that ST leader and Canacona MLA Ramesh Tawadkar and Shiroda MLA Mahadev Naik who defeated state Congress chief Subhash Shirodkar are also among the BJP legislators expected to be in the ministry. The PWD minister's brother and MGP president, Priol MLA Pandurang Dhavalikar is also expected to get a cabinet berth, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386657", "title": "Pre-primary schools still collecting donations: State education minister", "text": "MUMBAI: School managements continue to demand hefty sums for parents at the time of application in pre-primary levels.In a written reply to a question in the legislative assembly, school education minister Rajendra Darda has admitted that the department had received complaints that some pre-primary schools in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai had used means like application fee, building fund, and annual feeto demand unjustified fees for admissions for the coming academic year. The state has barred such schools from collecting donations.Darda also said that hisdepartment has come across similar complaints in Pune, Nagpur, Aurangabad and Kolhapur.The reply specifically names some schools in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai. A number of legislators from both treasury and Opposition benches had sought information on unjustified means used by such schools.The MLAs have alleged that some schools were charging up to Rs 45,000 in the name of annual fee, Rs 10,000 as building fee, and Rs 200-Rs 1,500 for application forms. The state has enacted regulations that disalcollection of donations from parents. The fresh complaints however reveal that the school have found new means to collect hefty sums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387541", "title": "Three get life term for killing JNU Students' Union leader", "text": "PATNA: Fifteen years after former JNU Students' Union president Chandrashekhar was shot dead at his hometown in Bihar's Siwan district, a CBI court in Patna awarded life term to three convicts on Friday.The special CBI court, presided by Dhirendra Kumar Pandey, had on Tuesday convicted the trio - Mantu Khan alias Iliyas Warsi, Dhruv Kumar Jaiswal and Sheikh Munna - of killing the CPI-ML leader. The court also slapped a fine of Rs 40,000 each on them. On their failure to pay the fine, they will have to serve rigorous imprisonment of one more year.The JNUSU leader and two others were shot in broad daylight at J P Chowk in Siwan town on March 31, 1997 when he was addressing a public meeting in support of the Bihar bandh called by the ML two days later. The other deceased were local ML leader Shyam Narayan Yadav and Bhutti Mian, a poor villager. Bhrigunath Patel, Chandra Kalu Singh and Mohd Alam Khan were injured in the incident.The FIR lodged with the Siwan police named former Siwan MP Mohd Shahabuddin , his aide Rustam Khan, Mohd Riyazuddin, Mantu Khan, Dhruv Kumar Jaiswal and Sheikh Munna as the accused. The case was later handed over to CBI which filed chargesheet against five accused in May 1998.While Riyazuddin died during trial, the investigation into alleged criminal conspiracy of Shahabuddin is still on. The trial of Rustam continues in the CBI court.While delivering the verdict after hearing 20 prosecution and 15 defence witnesses, the court also sentenced the three convicts to 10-year RI for attempt to murder, seven-year RI for hatching a criminal conspiracy and five-year RI for violating the Arms Act. All the sentences will run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387477", "title": "2146 reserved posts shifted to general category", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Friday said 2,146 posts of schoolteachers, reserved for OBCs and dalits, have been transferred to general category due to non-availability of eligible candidates in the reserved category.Replying to a call attention motion of the leader of the opposition in the legislative council, Ghulam Gaus, education minister P K Sahi said 2,146 reserved posts were shifted to the general category. The minister said his department had received a category-wise list from the Bihar Staff Selection Commission for appointment of 34,540 teachers in accordance with a recent Supreme Court order.Out of the 34,540 posts, 5,526 were meant for Scheduled Castes. Only 4,158 candidates were found eligible in that category and the remaining 1,368 posts were transferred to eligible candidates from the general category.Similarly, Sahi said, as against the total 6,217 posts reserved for backward class candidates, only 5,339 posts were filled while 778 remained vacant.Gaus and Kumari Jyoti ( Congress) accused the government of violating the reservation policy by transferring reserved posts to the general category. But the minister, quoting the SC verdict, said the government had strictly followed the directive of the SC in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386158", "title": "PM's all-party meet fails to break Lokpal logjam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Lokpal bill is set to be scripted afresh, with a significant majority of political parties refusing to relent on their opposition to the prescriptive Lokayukta clause that they say intrudes on the rights of states and the government indicating that it can rethink its position too.Apart from BJP and Left, regional parties like BJD, Akalis, AIADMK, JD(U), BSP, SP and TDP as well as Congress allies like Trinamool Congress and DMK made it clear at meeting convened by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday that legislating a state-level ombudsman should be left to the states. The central law could at best offer either a model law or guidelines. They account for a majority in Rajya Sabha: something that rules out the passage of Lokpal Bill in its current form in the Upper House and will require the government to go to the drawing board again to redeem its promise to have a fresh vote on the legislation.Faced with opposition from across the board, with even allies like NCP stressing the need for consensus, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said, \"the situation has changed, the government is open to suggestions from various parties.\" Although he defended the version of the bill, saying it had been framed keeping in view the sense of the House resolution adopted by Parliament at the height of Gandhian Anna Hazare's protest last year, the readiness to relent was evident.The passage of a Lokpal Bill in Rajya Sabha in a form different from which it was sent by the Lok Sabha will require the latter to start the process afresh and amid prospect of having to amend the legislation it passed last December.The arithmetic that can propel the rethink is straightforward. Having opposed the Lokayukta clause strenuously in Rajya Sabha and sticking to their guns, both SP and BSP may not find it easy to drop their objections when Lok Sabha takes up the legislation again. Also, since Trinamool, which voted for the bill in the Lok Sabha but has reversed its stance, is sure to oppose the Lokayukta clause in the Lower House, the government can stick to the current version of the bill only at the risk of political uncertainty.When Mukherjee pointed to the political commitments made to the Hazare stir, leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said the bill could not violate the federal structure. He said BJP was for a Lokpal that will not be too mild or too unruly.Trinamool Congress's intervention was keenly watched in the light of the ally's recent run-ins with the Congress and the regional outfit did not disappoint, with party MP Sukhendu Roy calling for a deletion of the Lokayukta clause altogether. He found the support of others like AIADMK and TDP leaders who said the bill be restricted to a Lokpal only.The bill, incorporating some of the suggestions offered, is expected to be brought back to Rajya Sabha where it is pending, in the second half of the Budget session. It was suggested a committee could be formed in the interim to finalize amendments that will reflect a broad and strong consensus for the anti-corruption law. CPM's Sitaram Yechury said the bill could be sent to a select committee to heed concerns of political parties and prepare a fresh bill for introduction and passage before the end of the budget session.Besides the fear over that a central bill allowing for the setting up of Lokayuktas in states will eat into their powers, parties also expressed their concerns about the provisions of the bill concerning the appointment and removal of Lokpal, and control over the CBI, as well as whether it should be put under the Lokpal, Yechury said that the ombudsman's jurisdiction should extend to corporate houses and foreign-funded NGOs, while Jaitley said that bill seeks to give Lokpal a Gestapo-like jurisdiction over NGOs.Both SP and BSP, who have bailed out the government over a tricky vote on the president's address this week, spoke for the \"rights of the states.\" Countering the view that the Hazare group's viewpoint will need to be accommodated, SP said the party had made it clear even while attending a rally organized by the activists that \"law cannot be made on the streets.\"JD (U)'s N K Singh urged the meeting that \"we must get it (the law) right without a gun being held to the head\" and said there is a need to consider the consequences of the law under consideration. He opposed the Lokayukta formulation as well.The two other sticking points regarding the Opposition criticism that the selection process for the multi-member Lokpal is too skewed in favour of the government and that the proposed ombudsman needs an investigative arm may need consideration as well. CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said Lokpal should be able to investigate cases filed under the prevention of corruption act. He also called for the inclusion of private sector and NGOs under the law's ambit.Other parties too echoed the criticism that central bureau of investigation often acts to political directives with outfits who leaders have faced investigation by the agency also arguing that it be made free of central supervision.Regional parties and BJP were in agreement on the need to make the selection process for Lokpal more even-handed so that the government leverage is reduced.It was left to LJP leader Ramvilas Paswan and RJD's Ramkripal Yadav to oppose the bill altogether. Proceedings were prolonged towards the end of the meeting, with Paswan insisting on speaking for close to 30 minutes. Congress ally National Conference was opposed to the PM being investigated by the Lokpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385609", "title": "Clean films necessary to promote family values: CM", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Nandi film awards for the years 2009 and 2010 were presented at a glittering function organised by the A P Film, TV and Theatre Development Corporation Limited at Lalitha Kala Thoranam on Friday.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, who spoke on the occasion, had a piece of advice for the film industry. \"Be very careful about the films you make as they influence the society. Make films that promote family values,\" he said.Kiran Kumar Reddy also responded to the request of the film industry to waive VAT and said he had already asked officials to examine if it could be done. He also said the government would help curb piracy.The chief minister referred to an MoU that the A P Film Chamber of Commerce had signed with Hollywood Motion Picture Producers in containing online piracy and said he was informed that the loss annually because of online piracy was Rs 350 crore for the film industry.He said the government would extend all help to the film industry on its war against piracy. He also assured that he would look into the issue of extending help in constructing houses for film workers.Kiran Kumar Reddy also announced that henceforth the Nandi awards would be given away every year on Ugadi itself. The Friday's Nandi film award function was organised after a gap of two years.Though the film awards function was organised on a grand scale, it was a bitter experience for quite a few film personalities who had won the awards.There was hardly anyone to cheer the winners of various awards after the chief minister left the venue at 10 pm. These awards pertained to the year 2010.Forget the award winners, even the chief minister had to speak to the half-empty venue as the awardees who took their Nandis left the venue as soon as they were given their trophies.What resulted in the awards distribution getting delayed was the too many cultural events that were planned for the evening. In fact, even as the crowd and even the awardees grew restive, more cultural items came up.A considerable amount of time was also spent on felicitating the jury which picked up the awardees for both the years and also the recipients of the national awards instituted by the Andhra Pradesh government.Tollywood's big heroes gave the event a miss but Dasari Narayana Rao was there to pick up his best actor award for the year 2009 for the movie `Mesthri'.Balakrishna also came to receive his best actor award for the year 2010 for the film `Simha'. The chief minister also honoured the recipients of the national awards instituted in the names of Telugu film personalities.Producer Allu Aravind was there to pick up awards on behalf of his son Allu Arjun and also Ram Charan Tej.Balakrishna's supporters practically kept the evening alive shouting slogans in his support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12391665", "title": "Fire aboard boat 'Royal Diamond' off Mumbai coast, 3 injured", "text": "MUMBAI: Three persons were injured in a fire aboard a boat off the Mumbai coast on Saturday.There fire broke out on the \"Royal Diamond 7\" boat near the Buthcer Island off Mumbai coast, police sources said.The vessel was apparently carrying some chemicals, they said.The injured have been rushed to the St George hospital in South Mumbai, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12387601", "title": "Hurriyat factions come together for Pak event", "text": "SRINAGAR: A picture is worth a thousand words, and many thousands shall be spent decoding the Hurriyat Conference's new-found unity. After a gap of many years, leaders of the different factions of the separatist outfit were present to offer their salutes at the Pakistan high commission. From hardline pro-Pakistan leaders like Syed Ali Shah Geelani to Shabir Shah and the moderates, the entire Hurriyat was in Delhi for the Pakistan Day function on the lawns of the embassy in New Delhi.In Delhi, this shall be read in a number of ways. Is this new-found unity a sign of a new effort by Pakistan to bring on board the Hurriyat about a possible deal with India? Is this new-found maturity a precursor to a new approach by the separatists? Or is it that at the March 23 event, where moderates sulked and Geelani preened, was just a temporary truce? All these possibilities shall all be explored and pondered over. A thousand miles away, in a smelly ward of a hospital in Srinagar, Arif Hussain wonders who cares for him. Like 20 other people, he was caught in the blast that ripped through a busy market in Bijbehara on Thursday. The police are still unclear about why 27-year-old Mohammad Abbas was driving a stolen car laden with explosives. So are his parents who buried his remains. Was it a terror attack or not?Only two things stand out. First, that ordinary Kashmiris were targeted yet again. Second, the deafening silence of the party-going leadership that claims to fight for the Kashmiri people. The Hurriyat moderates and separatists alike claim a belief in \"peaceful struggle\". But not one of them took time to visit the kin of the dead or the maimed of the Bijbehara blast. No strike was called; no courting of arrest. The reason is simple. It looks most likely a terror attack. For all the speeches on human rights and dignity, for all the conferences in Delhi and Geneva, the thousands of Kashmiris killed by militants do not merit even a footnote in the struggle Hurriyat leads. The police probe shall tell us what happened on Thursday. What we'll never know is why the Hurriyat chooses to stay silent when militants kill Kashmiris. In Srinagar, they shall issue statements about budgets and bullets and road accidents. But when it comes to Hafeez Saeed and the Jihad Council, the Hurriyat is busy attending dinners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386704", "title": "17 years on, builder to pay 20 lakh for not allotting flat", "text": "MUMBAI: A city builder will have to shell out Rs 13 lakh as interest for failing to hand over possession of a flat to a Borivli (W) resident who had made a booking in his project 17 years ago. The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ordered M/s Bagwe Housing Pvt Ltd and its director Digambar Bagwe to jointly refund Satya Pal Jaggi Rs 6.5 lakh along with 18% interest from September 2000 till its realization. Jaggi will also get Rs 25,000 as costs of the complaint.In April 1995, Jaggi had booked a 1,000 sq ft flat valued at Rs 14 lakh following which Bagwe issued an allotment letter. At that time, the builder acknowledged receiving Rs 50,000 as initial payment. Jaggi was required to pay Rs 6 lakh over and above the initial payment to the builder. But the builder did not start the construction and the project got delayed. On June 22, 2000, Jaggi-through an advocate-informed the builder of his willingness to pay the balance and requested him to start the construction and handover the flat.In his reply, the builder said a recession in the estate market had rendered the project incomplete. He assured Jaggi that it would be completed in due course of time. Seeing the inordinate delay in handover of the flat, Jaggi filed a complaint in the forum in September 2000. The builder denied that he had received a total Rs 6.50 lakh. Besides documents presented by Jaggi, the commission took into consideration the estate agent's statement who said it was he who brought both the parties together and that Jaggi had paid a total Rs 6.50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kabul", "code": "12393782", "title": "Four people including a former senator killed in roadside bomb blast in Afghanistan", "text": "KABUL: Four people including a former senator of Afghan parliament were today killed in an IED blast in southern Afghanistan, a provincial security official said.\"Khairo Jan, two of his bodyguards and another tribal leader were killed when their vehicle was targeted with a remote controlled blast near Tiran Kot, the capital city of Uruzgan province today in the afternoon,\" said Farid Ayal spokesman for the provincial police chief in southern Uruzgan province.Uruzgan is one of those dangerous provinces of the country where many government officials were attacked by the insurgents in the past.It is also a safe haven for the insurgents to launch their attacks to the other parts of the country.Khairo Jan, who was a former senator and a leader of the Poplzai tribe in Uruzgan province, was killed while he was going to his hometown Dayak in southern part of Tirin Kot city, added Ayal.Meanwhile, ISAF in a statement that one of their service members died as a result of non-battle related injury in eastern Afghanistan today.ISAF did not provide any further details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386611", "title": "Congress, NCP clash over proposed budget", "text": "MUMBAI: The state budget has not even been presented, but has already resulted in the Congress clashing with its ally, the NCP.Thursday's cabinet meet saw heated arguments after Congress ministers targeted officials of the finance department, headed by NCP's Ajit Pawar, for not consulting them while preparing the budget. Pawar, who will table the budget in the legislative assembly on Monday, did not attend the meeting.\"As soon as the cabinet meeting started, senior Congress ministers Narayan Rane, Harshavardhan Patil, Arif Naseem Khan and Nitin Raut complained to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan about not being consulted in the preparation of the budget,\" a senior minister said. \"Chavan agreed with his colleagues from the Congress,\" the minister added.To make matters worse for Pawar, senior NCP leader and public works department (PWD) minister Chhagan Bhujbal, too, criticized the finance ministry. \"Bhujbal asked how can the PWD maintain roads in the state without getting enough funds in the budget,\" the Congress minister said. \"No one can change the budget now. The CM has asked the finance minister and his officials to consult ministers at least a month in advance before presenting the budget from next year onwards,\" the minister added.Said a political observer, \"The differences between the two allies have surfaced on many occasions, but the rift seems to have increased following the alliance's debacle in the civic and zilla parishad polls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387262", "title": "Illegal welcome arches disrupting traffic again", "text": "NAGPUR: During Ganesh and Durga festivals, NMC and city police had failed to check illegal pandals, welcome gates, arches and posters/banners and hoardings on roads that were hindering the smooth flow of traffic. Despite clear directives of High Court, both NMC commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay failed to prevent these illegal structures. Now, as Ram Navami approaches, devotees have again started erecting welcome gates and arches on major squares for shobhayatras.Many such structures have come up in areas like Dharampeth, Vasant Nagar, Central Avenue and Mahal. Workers erecting these gates have also damaged the roads and footpaths at some places.Lawyer Vinod Tiwari will be filing a complaint in this regard with Jaiswal, Dhanvijay and collector Saurabh Rao. \"It's a brazen violation of high court orders and none of the city bosses is taking it seriously. By Monday, I will file those complaints as offices are closed for two days,\" he told TOI.Tiwari added that a couple of such illegal structures that had come up at Central Avenue were causing hardships to residents, drivers and pedestrians. \"On Thursday, there was a traffic jam on the road,\" he said.Jaiswal, who was in Delhi for a meeting on JNNURM, declined to comment stating that he was not aware of the facts. While Dhanvijay told TOI that he was in Mumbai with official work and passed the buck on civic body for ignoring facts. \"The issue comes under NMC and it is unfortunate that they are ignoring it. If those are illegal, we will take action,\" he said.Mayor Anil Sole said that those erecting such arches must take permission from NMC and city police. He failed to say what action NMC had taken to curb such practices.TOI has been highlighting how HC orders were violated by the people including some NMC corporators.Former corporators like Baba Maind, leader of ruling party Pravin Datke and leader of opposition Vikas Thakre had blocked roads for their Ganesh/Durga pandals. In spite of many complaints from residents to Dhanvijay and Jaiswal, no action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12388464", "title": "India, US to launch 'Open Government Platform'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Obama administration's point man for South and Central Asia, Robert Blake will be travelling to India next week to hold bilateral consultations and launch the ambitious 'Open Government Platform' being developed by the two countries.The 'Open Government Platform' is a portal for public access to government data that the US and India have developed together and would share with other countries.During his visit to New Delhi on March 29 and 30, Blake would meet Indian officials to consult on a variety of bilateral and regional issues.He would also participate in a business event. A result of India-US strategic dialogue, the two governments were working together to produce an open source version available for implementation by countries globally, encouraging governments around the world to stand up open data sites that promote transparency, improve citizen engagement, and engage application developers in continuously improving these efforts.Technical teams from the governments of the US and India have been working together since August of last year.Blake would reach New Delhi from Tajikistan , where he is travelling from March 23-28, leading a US delegation to the Fifth Regional Economic Cooperation Conference on Afghanistan (RECCA-V) in Dushanbe.While in Tajikistan, Blake would also hold meetings with a broad cross-section of Central Asian and other international government officials and with representatives from international financial institutions, multilateral institutions and NGOs.Blake would also visit Bishkek from April 1-3, where he would attend a meeting of chiefs of mission in Central Asia to discuss regional security and integration.He would also have meetings with Kyrgyz government on a broad range of issues, the state department said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386106", "title": "Dharna Sthal back at Vidhan Bhawan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Protesters will once again be able to vent their anguish in front of Vidhan Bhawan. Reverting back the order of the BSP government, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday restored the venue of `Dharna Sthal' back to the one opposite Vidhan Bhawan. He announced the decision at a function organised at Lohia Park on the occasion of Lohia jayanti.Mayawati government had first shifted the Dharna sthal to Shaheed Smarak. The reason behind change of venue was that the demonstrations used to disrupt traffic movement around Vidhan Bhawan.It was subsequently changed to Jhulelal park following an incident when demonstrators damaged the memorial. On one occasion, some protesters had jumped into the Gomti after police came charging in.District administration said it was waiting for the written order from the government after which the change will come into effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12386329", "title": "Two Kuki groups to sign pact with govt", "text": "IMPHAL: Giving a fillip to the government's frequent bids to resolve the insurgency problem, two Kuki militant groups - United Tribal Liberation Army (Utla) and Pakan Reunification Army (PRA) operating in Manipur - have come forward to sign the Suspension of Operation (SOO) with the government.Altogether 19 Kuki militant groups operating in Manipur under two apex bodies and a valley based-group have already signed SOO, a tripartite agreement with the state and central government.Utla and PRA will sign the agreement at the banquet hall of 1st BN Manipur Rifles in the heart of Imphal on Saturday morning , an official said. He added that joint secretary (Home) for northeast Sambhu Singh is already in the state capital to take stock of the development.Shambu Singh, who discussed the matter with senior official of the state government, will append his signature on the Soo agreement on behalf of the Centre, a source added. UTLA is based in Jiribam sub-division bordering Assam , while Moreh town in Chandel district bordering Myanamr is PRA's stronghold.On October 27 last year, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh , who also holds the home portfolio, felicitated a large number of Utla cadres, including its president and general secretary, in a formal 'home coming' ceremony at 1st BN Manipur Rifles.In his address to the assembly a few days ago, Governor Gurbachan Jagat said the tripartite agreement with KCP (MC) Lallumba group, the first \"valley -based\" militant group to enter into agreement , was renewed for another year to facilitate rehabilitation of cadres.The SOO agreement with Kuki groups under Kuki National Organisation (KNO) and United People's Front (UPF) was also renewed for one more year, the governor said. He added that approximately 1500 cadres of these outfits have shifted to 11 designated camps.Security forces have acknowledged improvement in law and order in the five hill districts following signing of the agreement in 2009 and meetings of the joint monitoring group are held frequently to ensure that Soo groups abide by the agreed ground rules, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12387368", "title": "New ports to ship building, industry lists demands", "text": "MADURAI: The ambitious Vision - 2023 plan unveiled by chief minister J Jayalalithaa has definitely buoyed the industrial community in southern Tamil Nadu. Being a part of the economic growth of the region, industrialists from Madurai and southern districts have taken the opportunity to suggest projects that could go a long way in contributing to further growth. From ports, major industries, food processing units, ship building unit and even a sailing institute, they have urged the government to set them up in the southern part of the state. There is a huge potential for industrial growth in southern districts which remains untapped, they added.\"The car manufacturing units cluttered around Chennai should be moved to Madurai and down south. We have been asking this ever since the Tuticorin port was developed. Starting a car manufacturing unit in the southern districts will boost good industrial growth with various related industries coming up in the region,\" said S Rethinavelu, senior president of Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNCCI).\"The government has announced setting up of two liquefied natural gas (LNG) import terminals. One is coming up at Tiruvallur district. The other one should be established in south. LNG as the economic fuel can greatly aid the industries in the southern region.\" he said.For Gunasingh Chelladurai, Tuticorin zonal chairman of CII and director of Bell Pins Private Limited, the list was a bit more longer. \"We need major industries. Ship-building could be one. Boats and small vessels meant for fishing are being built in a professional manner in Tuticorin. But there is a huge demand for these kinds of vessels in several countries. Then, sea food processing industry could be established. Initiatives to encourage fish harvesting all along the coast should also be done. In addition, a sailing institute to produce professional sailors who are in demand across the world should be established,\" he says.A P Selvaraj, managing director of Kaleeswari Fireworks, one of the biggest manufacturers of crackers and matches said that the industry needs a major port at Vembar in Tuticorin. \"There was a proposal to establish a port at Vembar. It is an ideal spot for container terminal. Every day, four or five containers of matches are being sent from Sivakasi and Kovilpatti industries through the present Tuticorin port to countries like South Africa. Similarly, raw materials for printing and cracker industry are being imported from places like China. An additional port would spur export and import besides cutting cost for us as Vembar is closer. But it should be a major port and not a minor one,\" he said.S Velshankar of Madurai-based SVS brand of flour manufacturers said that the region has vast potential with fruit based food processing industry. \"Madurai - Dindigul - Theni belt has enormous potential for fruit-based industries. Abundant quantity of fruits like mangoes, chikku and grapes are cultivated in Theni and Kodaikanal. But we don't have food processing industries,\" he said. \"The government should set up cold storage facilities as well as food processing units,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12386710", "title": "Two thefts reported in city", "text": "GURGAON: A domestic help has been missing from a Sushant Lok house after allegedly stealing Rs 22,000 from her employers. In another case, unknown persons stole cash, jewellery and a licensed revolver from a house in Sector 37. Police have lodged an FIR in both the cases and are investigating the cases.According to police, Dr Ashok Nagpal, a resident of 2067A, Sushant Lok, told the police that when he woke up on Thursday morning, he found their domestic help, Sanju, missing. Nagpal soon found that Rs 22,000 in cash and some jewellery were also missing which he had kept in the almirah. Police have lodged a case against the domestic help and are looking for him.In another case, one Shweta Kadiyan filed a complaint with the police that some thieves stole cash, jewellery and a licensed revolver from her house in Sector 37 on Thursday night when she was away with her family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390636", "title": "It's a high five for Sandhya", "text": "She might not have signed any film in Kollywood after Irumbu Kottai Murattu Singam, but looks like Sandhya's hands are full with commitments in Mollywood.The Kadhal girl is all set to visit Kerala soon to promote her upcoming release, Masters, in which she stars with Prithviraj.Sandhya says excitedly, \"It's a suspense thriller, with a slightly complicated storyline. I play a college girl who is caught committing an act. My story is interlinked with those of other actors in the film.\"Sandhya will be sharing screenspace with four other actresses in the film, including Piaa Bajpai, Mithra Kurien and Ananya. \"I have no issues doing a multi-starrer. Besides, we all have equally meaty roles in the film,\" she retorts.Ask her about her absence in Kollywood, and she says, \"I want to do films that are worthy of me. But sadly, I haven't been getting any good offers from Tamil industry. So, I've been taking up meaty offers in Malayalam and Kannada films. But that said, it's been long since I did a Tamil film and I'd love to do one soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387602", "title": "Idol of 108 coconuts enchants devotees", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the first day of Navaratras as devotees thronged temples and offered coconuts, milk and flowers, one idol caught their eye.Word got around that the idol of Goddess Durga in Shree Geeta Mandir, Vikas Nagar, that was unveiled on Friday is made of 108 coconuts.Confident that they will attract a lot of attention, the temples committee also used the occasion to encourage devotees to save the girl child through banners hanging around the temple. On the occasion 108 lamps were also lit.General secretary of temple committee Pardeep Dhall, a resident of Vikas Nagar, said he had gone to Shirdi for Ganesh Utsav. Ganeshas idol was made of coconuts so I got the idea of replicating it here. We called four artisans from Mumbai, who took 15 days to make the idol. It is 8 feet-high and 7 feet-wide, weighing 100kg, he said.The idol has been sprayed with golden colour and the trident, sword and chakra are painted copper. Resident of Civil Lines, Mahesh Goyal said as he entered the temple and saw the idol he could not believe that it was made of coconuts.It is beautiful and the way it has been lit makes it look better than anything words can express, said Sarabha Nagar-resident Manohar Lal Verma.Soaking in the message of saving girl child, College Road-resident Mahinder Goyal said, Its good that we are being given such a message on Navaratra and if one gets motivated the entire effort will be a success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12388056", "title": "SP tries to woo MP Muslim votes", "text": "BHOPAL: The Samajwadi Party (SP), which humbled the Congress in recent Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls by cornering majority of the Muslim votes, has offered an olive branch to the minority community in Madhya Pradesh by nominating Choudhary Munawwar Saleem of Vidisha to the Rajya Sabha from the neighbouring state.\"Certainly, it was courageous of SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav, as by doing so he has made an effort to attract the Muslim community towards it in Madhya Pradesh,\" senior Congress leader and former Union minister, Aslam Sher Khan said.\"He could have easily accommodated any Muslim leader from Uttar Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, but by taking this step (of nominating Saleem), the SP has made an effort to woo the minority community towards it,\" Khan, who is also a former hockey Olympian said.When asked whether the decision of the Congress not to send any Muslim candidate to the Rajya Sabha from Madhya Pradesh has annoyed the community here, Khan said the fundamental problem with the minority community here is that it has no leadership in the state.Secondly, Congress has to seriously think on an important issue that earlier nearly 70 per cent Muslims voted for the party but due to lack of any viable alternative. Now, this percentage is declining to 40-45 per cent in the elections.The Congress has to give more representation to the community in the assembly elections, which normally votes enbloc for the party, to assuage its feelings and for ensuring that the BJP won't come to power for the third time in a row in Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12386018", "title": "Corporators seek action against illegal use of properties", "text": "PUNE: Elected representatives have demanded that the civic administration take stringent action against property owners using residential properties for commercial purpose.All party corporators raised the issue at the General Body (GB) meet on Wednesday. Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak assured the house that action would ne initiated. \"There are many properties in the city which are charged residential property tax rates, but are used for commercial reasons. The PMC needs to identify these properties and charge them accordingly. Also the PMC should take action against such property owners for deceiving the PMC,\" said NCP corporator Meenal Sarwade.MNS corporator Kishor Shinde, \"By not paying commercial tax these owners are duping the PMC. The PMC cannot afford loss in property tax as it is one of the major components of civic revenue.\"In the draft budget of Rs 3,290.66 crore for 2012-13, the share of octroi is 41% (Rs 1,357.50 crore), while property tax is 15% (Rs 611.86 crore) and development charges is 17% (Rs 586 crore). Octroi is on the verge of being abolished by the state.Not just elected representatives, but also common citizens demanded action against illegal use of properties. Suresh S Walawalkar, resident of Alandi Road, said, \"PMC officials are not taking any action against the illegal use of buildings. Since last year I have repeatedly complained about an unauthorized hotel at Alandi Road which has violated so many rules. I brought this to the notice of PMC officials in Lokshahi Din, but no action has been taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12387990", "title": "US declines to review drone policy", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The US has apparently refused to revisit its policy on drone strikes against al-Qaida and Taliban militants in Pakistan as recommended by a parliamentary committee.It was conveyed by US ambassador Cameron Munter during a meeting with foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar , The Express Tribune said on Friday. He said US is willing to tender a formal apology for the Nato air strike but ruled out the revisiting the drone policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387201", "title": "Swine flu: 5 more test positive, total cases now 33", "text": "JAIPUR: Five more persons tested positive for swine flu in various parts of the state on Saturday taking the number of cases to 33 in the last 24 days. In March only, the flu claimed five persons in state.Fifty five-year-old Satish, a resident of C-Scheme tested positive for flu in city.So far, 18 people have been diagnosed with H1NI influenza in Jaipur during this month.A medical, health and family welfare department official said the swab sample of the patient was sent for tests. The reports confirmed that he was suffering from swine flu.The medical health and family welfare department claimed that they have taken measures to control and prevent the swine flu virus from spreading.Health director BR Meena said, \"Tamiflu tablets have been made available at the primary health centre level.\"In Jaipur, the department is conducting door-to-door survey to detect swine flu patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385634", "title": "Heritage languishes with protector chasing gold", "text": "HYDERABAD: The role of the department of archaeology and museums, as per its own admission on the official website, is that of preserving the ancient culture of Andhra Pradesh through protection, preservation and restoration of its rich wealth of monuments. Yet, 60% of AP's glorious heritage comprising 550 protected monuments presently lie in a state of neglect with the state department busying itself with other projects __ the latest being the wild goose chase for treasure in the heart of Hyderabad that many doubt even exists.Not only has the department, incidentally the custodian of AP's once glittering past, left many an iconic monument, such as the Koti Women's College, Shaikpet Sarai, Patancheru tombs, Armenian Cemetery, Akkanna Madanna caves, Kondaveedu Fort, Bongir Fort, Kotagallu group of temples among others, to die a natural death by turning its back on their crumbling walls and ceilings, it has even inflicted further damage on several more by taking up unscientific restoration programmes. Topping this list is the 18th century Raymond's tomb built in the memory of French general Michel Joachim Marie Raymond. Originally a granite structure, the integrity of the monument was massacred by the state department that in its wisdom chose cement as a raw material to repair it. Then there are others like the historic Seven Tombs from the Quli Qutub Shahi period or even the Taramati Baradari complex, which have fallen prey to the half-hearted efforts of restoration undertaken by the department. Beyond the city limits too, such cases are aplenty. The restoration of the Elgandal Fort near Karimnagar built in the mid-18th century and once home to five famous dynasties, for instance has been given a 'modern' look burying its 'historical' features. Ditto, the Sir Arthur Cotton museum near Rajahmundry that now has cement walls instead of the original limestone and mortar ones. The Domakonda Fort at Nizamabad and the Jain temple at Warangal also figure on this exhaustive list.A quick scan of it's website that has only Gunfoundry as a featured heritage monument (there is no mention of the remaining 549), only further strengthens this claim. That this structure too, constructed during the period of the second Nizam Nawab Mir Nizam Ali Khan, is ridden with restoration errors is another story. Once spread across a 20 km stretch the monument has now been reduced to a small dilapidated building cowed down by soaring apartments on all sides.There are many more, assert heritage experts but rue that the actual figure is not known. Reason? The archaeology department has no record of the works undertaken by it over the last many years. Worse, even a consolidated list of protected monuments in the state that are under its custody is missing from the department's office. There are no details of major excavation projects either that the department, as per the rulebook, is expected to maintain. And while officials of the department blame the lack of efforts for preserving the heritage on insufficient budget allocations -- Rs 1.5-Rs 2 crore annually -- sources claim that it isn't quite the reason. \"There are other funds too that come the department's way. For instance, under the 12th finance commission the department received a whopping Rs 42.5 crore recently. There was another Rs 7 crore allocated to it under the central financial assistance scheme. Under the 13th finance commission too the department is expected to receive Rs 100 crore. Such allocations are enough for the department to execute its works,\" said a source.The department's claim that it is hampered by staff shortage is also rubbished by most. Archaeologist K P Rao, formerly associated with the office, for instance pointed how the department, in the early days, did work systematically despite all odds. \"I had worked there in 1986 when it was an organised body headed by knowledgeable people. Serious archaeological excavations following scientific methods of finding and conservation used to take place in spite of the lack of money and staff. The department currently seems to be working in a haphazard manner,\" said Rao who currently heads the department of history, University of Hyderabad.Predictably, listed structures have either become drunkards' paradise over a period of time or converted into public urinals. Worse, precincts like the megalithic site in Hashmatpet are currently an official dumping yard of HMDA. \"It's unfortunate that the department does not even have an assigned security guard at many of these sites to prevent such misuse,\" said M A Nayeem, author of many a book on Hyderabad's glorious heritage. Summing it up, historian Narender Luther said, \"Heritage does not vote. So why should anybody be bothered.\"(This is the first in a series of reports that would explore all that the state archaeology department has ignored)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386220", "title": "New form of TB gives doctors sleepless nights", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifteen-year-old Vina's diagnostic report looks dismal. The lab report shows that the tuberculosis (TB) bacillus in her lungs is only sensitive to two drugs and resistant to eight others.\"The world may debate whether to call her TB an extremely, extensively or a totally drug-resistant form but the fact is how does one treat a child with only two drugs?'' says Ghatkopar-based Dr Amol Manerkar, who is treating Vina. \"For all practical purposes,'' he adds, \"the child's disease is totally resistant to drugs.''In the last two months, Mumbai has gained in terms of government attention (a special TB programme), money (the city's TB budget may increase 6 times) and infrastructure (new labs, machines), but the ground reality is grim, say doctors on World TB Day.Areas in the city with a high population density-such as Ghatkopar and Kurla-are particularly vulnerable. Vina, who lives in Ramabai Colony in Ghatkopar (E), is only one of the three patients whom Dr Manerkar diagnosed with severely drug-resistant TB in the Ghatkopar-Kurla belt in March. One of these new patients is only sensitive to one drug. TB is treated with a combination of drugs. \"How can I ask this patient from a modest background to buy this one drug which is not only expensive but cannot guarantee a cure if taken alone,'' asks the doctor.Mumbai's special TB programme had proposed that patients going to private doctors would also be able to access the government's free drugs. But private doctors say this partnership has not yet started. \"I sent two of my patients who have severe drug resistance to government hospitals as they are too poor to afford to buy medicines privately. But they haven't been given any second-line drugs as the government is waiting to test them all over again,'' complains a doctor from Dadar.In January, Hinduja Hospital had revealed that 12 of its patients had totally drug-resistant TB (TDR-TB). A central team visited Mumbai thereafter and said that it would be premature to label the cases as TDR-TB. However, the Union government gave the green signal for a pilot project in Mumbai to recognize each of the 24 civic wards as a TB district with special staff and infrastructure.The BMC has diagnosed 683 patients with drug-resistant TB. \"As per our protocol, 347 of these patients are in category IV treatment and eight others in Category V treatment,'' says Dr Mini Khetrapal, who is Mumbai's first TB control officer. She is hopeful. \"We have increased the capacity in Sewri TB Hospital to treat drug-resistant TB from 44 to 90 beds. Within a couple of months, all these drug-resistant patients will be covered,'' she says, adding that medicines have already been given to all to ensure that their disease doesn't spread to others. Soon, the BMC will kickstart an initiative of door-to-door surveillance in 10 wards that include Ghatkopar and Kurla areas. \"TB is a disease that spreads easily due to overcrowding. The government needs to strengthen its surveillance process to ensure that the disease doesn't spread,'' says a senior doctor at a south Mumbai hospital.Dr Manerkar points out to hubs such as Thakar Baba colony in Kurla where people work in small, overcrowded shoe-making units. \"If one person has drug-resistant TB, the airborne disease can spread to many others. After all, each TB patient can infect 10 others in a year,'' he says.The World Health Organization , in a special meeting in Geneva , has said that it is too early to label the new, severely drug-resistant forms of tuberculosis as TDR or totally-drug resistant TB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386447", "title": "Work on lion safari begins in Etawah", "text": "KANPUR: Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav's dream project of setting up a lion safari in Etawah, which was virtually dumped by the previous Mayawati government, is all set to see the light of the day with newly elected chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's nod and surveys being conducted on Friday.The grandiose project, which has seen many legal wrangles in the last few years, will be Akhilesh's first gift to the people of his home district as well as of the state after becoming the chief minister.His father Mulayam had gifted Saifai -- his home town in Etawah -- with a state-of-the-art medical institute, international stadium and an airstrip. The Mulayam government had mooted the proposal also keeping in mind the menace of dacoits who used to take shelter in the Fisher Forest area.Nearly 150 hectares of land in Fisher Forest on Etawah-Gwalior highway, close to the National Chambal Sanctuary and ravines of the Yamuna had been acquired in 2005 during the Mulayam regime and was notified as a Lion Safari. Named after Fisher, collector of Etawah in 1888, the forest lies about 10 km from the Etawah district headquarters. Of the total cost of Rs 5.6 crore, Rs 1.04 crore had been allotted for the safari in 2005.The project, however, was derailed after Mulayam's exit in 2007 after losing to the BSP.With the SP thumping back to power in the state, the government has speeded up the project, first of its kind in the state to be established on the lines of Gir National Park and sanctuary in Gujarat, Parambikulam Wildlife Sanctuary in Kerala, Nehru Zoological Park in Andhra Pradesh and Sanjay Gandhi National Park in Maharashtra.Forest and wildlife department sources in Etawah confirmed that surveys have started for the proposed lion safari in the Fisher Forest area after instructions from the state government. On Friday, teams comprising of district forest officer Sudarshan Singh, Wildlife warden Shanker Dohre and range officer Mahaveer Prasad conducted a survey of the Fisher Forest.\"A team measured the area and we will conduct more surveys, which will be included in the report for successful commencement of the project,\" said a senior forest department official while talking to TOI.\"If all goes well, the project would be completed by October this year itself. \"If all goes well, the project will take another five to six months for completion,\" Etawah district forest officer Sudarshan Singh told TOI on Friday. \"The project has been sent for revision to the Central Zoo Authority, which will process it further and the work would start likely by the end of next month,\" he added.Secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature, Rajiv Chauhan, who has done substantial work in the area, said: \"Fisher Forest would be an ideal habitat for the Asiatic lion as there is a major similarity of temperature and humidity, vegetation and ruggedness of the region in comparison to the Gir protected area in Gujarat.\" The fauna of the district comprise of hyenas, wolves, Indian foxes, jackals, porcupines, monkeys, wild cats, hares and otters, he added.Etawah district magistrate P Guru Prasad, said: \"The much awaited lion safari is all set to come up shortly. Its layout plan has already been cleared by the Ministry of Environment and Forests and we hope the project would soon be completed.\"He said the project had already received clearances from both the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) and the Supreme Court. The CZA has given conditional clearance to the safari and asked the state government to have a lion breeding centre first with at least 10 big cats and then set up the project. \"The CZA authorities had asked the state government to first breed the lions and then shift them to the safari,\" a forest department source told TOI.The idea of safari is that while the animals roam free in the habitat, men are supposed to visit it in cages (covered vehicles).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386449", "title": "Maya evicted me from 'memorial', says BSP veteran", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati has been accused of throwing out one of her party's veterans from the premises he had occupied for 20 years.In his complaint to the Parliament Street police station on Wednesday, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) founding member Ram Prasad Mehra alleged that Mayawati and her brother Anand Kumar got his belongings removed from his locked accommodation at 12, Gurudwara Rakab Ganj Road. Mehra also claimed that he was threatened with dire consequences for defying Mayawati's order to vacate the property.Mehra edited the BSP mouthpiece Bahujan Sangathak, which was launched by the party's founder Kanshi Ram to communicate with party cadres. The paper was discontinued soon after Ram's death.While talking to reporters on Friday, Mehra showed his electoral identity card and Pan card to prove that he had lived in the quarters at 12, Rakab Ganj Road for a long time. The prime bungalow became Kanshi Ram's residence after he was elected to Parliament, and was used as a party office till its conversion into a memorial after his death.TOI has a copy of Mehra's complaint that reads: \"On the directions of Mayawati, I have been dispossessed from my room. When I checked my belongings, it was found that most of my belongings (suitcase, books, important documents and Rs 2,000) were missing\". Police said they had not registered a case but an inquiry was on to verify Mehra's charges of trespassing and theft against the BSP chief and her brother.Coming from a man considered close to the late Kanshi Ram, the accusations have given rise to a political controversy. Mayawati's detractors in BSP have cited it as yet another instance of her waging a war against Ram's legacy.Retiring Rajya Sabha MP Pramod Kureel said Mayawati was keen to replace every trace of Kanshi Ram's legacy with her own imprint. Other sources in the party cited her decision to wind up the party mouthpiece Bahujan Sangathak immediately after Ram's death and replace it with a magazine entitled Maya Yug as an example.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12394691", "title": "Jr SV Rangarao is here", "text": "SV Rangarao Jr is all set to walk in the footsteps of his illustrious grand father, late SV Rangarao, regarded by many as one of the finest actors ever in the history of Tollywood .SV Rangaro Jr is playing the lead in Mr Seven, being directed by Charan Reddy. Touted to be an action packed romantic entertainer, the film is being produced under the SVR Cine Corp banner. The young actor is aware of the onerous task on hand. \"I have always dreamt of becoming an actor from my childhood. So it is a dream come true for me. I am hoping to live up to the great legacy left behind by my grand father. I want to carry forward his name which is why I have taken his name to kick start my movie career. If I can achieve at least five percent of what my grandfather did on-screen, I would be very pleased,\" says the actor. Neelam Upadhyay, also a debutante is playing the female lead in the movie scheduled to hit the screens in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12386380", "title": "All Assam Students' Union presses for error-free evaluation of exam papers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) is dissatisfied with the role of the government as far as the ongoing High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examinations process is concerned.The Aasu, on Friday, held a meeting with seven teachers and employees' bodies, including the Assam College Teachers' Association and Sadou Asom Karmachari Parishad over issues like delay in the delivery of admit cards to the students, errors in the admit cards issued by the Secondary Education Board of Assam (SEBA) and question paper leakage.Addressing the media here on Friday, Aasu adviser Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya demanded that chief minister Tarun Gogoi, state education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, SEBA and Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC) take necessary steps to ensure an error-free evaluation of the answer scripts as the HSLC and HSSLC exams end on March 26.\"The teachers' associations and the students have raised serious concern over the conduct of the examinations. However, we appeal to the state government to take necessary measures for an error-free evaluation process of the answer scripts. We will not tolerate any further negligence as these exams will decide the future of the students. The SEBA and the AHSEC have lost their credibility but we hope they will rectify their mistakes,\" said Bhattacharya.The union will meet with the seven organizations representing teachers and employees of educational institutions of the state again on April 1 to decide its future course of action.\"The SEBA and AHSEC have to conduct only one examination in the whole year, but they still failed miserably. After all the mistakes made during the exams, I hope we can expect error-free results,\" Aasu president Sankar Prasad Rai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387918", "title": "Burb thrives on people power", "text": "MUMBAI: Its glamour quotient combined with commitment and persistence have helped Juhu citizens notch a number of victories. Utsal Karani, a long-time resident of JVPD who has filed several PILs and participated in various agitations, says media spotlight on Juhu has helped its cause.\"Juhu is a rich neighbourhood similar to Nepean Sea Road, Altamount Road, Bandra, Versova etc and has highly educated residents like the rest. But Juhu is also home to a large number of Bollywood celebrities, so it is constantly in the news,\" he said.But apart from its celebrity status, its citizens have regularly raised issues of public interest. Here are a few: In the '90s, the Juhu Tenants and Residents Association had intervened in a writ petition filed by the Property Owners' Association against the standard rent provision in the Maharashtra Rent Control Act. The case is pending before the Supreme Court. Immediately thereafter, they filed a PIL against the use of Transfer of Development Rights in the suburbs. Their reason for opposing TDR was that it endangered the existing buildings and the civic corporation had made no efforts to upgrade the infrastructure before allowing the TDR to be used. The high court disallowed the use of TDR on existing buildings. Now, a developer has to redevelop the entire building.In October 2002, residents got together once again to file a PIL for the restoration of Juhu beach. Juhu residents voted for a citizen's candidate put up by the Juhu Citizens' Welfare Group in the 2007 BMC polls. They volunteered as well as paid for the winning election campaign. The expense : About Rs 70,000. The residents fought against the usurping of a reserved open space by Ronson Foundation under the caretaker policy. Citizens forced the BMC to take it over and are now working with the civic body to create a city forest.Citizens have opposed the overground metro rail plan. Their campaign has forced the government to do a rethink. The residents and professionals are now working on creating cycling and jogging tracks on both sides of the Irla nullah.In 2007, citizens alleged abuse of discretionary powers by the then BMC chief. They filed a PIL and the court asked the BMC to review the case. The current civic chief has brought in new rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387623", "title": "Punjab Agricultural University professors win T20", "text": "LUDHIANA: For once professors of Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) and Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College (GNDEC) set aside their books on Friday morning and got into action on the cricket pitch for a T20 match for the Professor Cup. Professor Rupinderjeet Singh led the GNDEC team while the PAU team played under captain professor Satish Kumar.GNDEC won the toss and chose to bat and made 157 runs in 20 overs. However, PAU chased the target and made 159 runs in 19.2 over. Sukhmeet Singh of PAU team was declared man of the match. Winning captain, Satish Kumar said the victory moment was great. They posed a tough fight but we lifted the cup, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390525", "title": "Rock and roll evening in Chennai", "text": "The weekend's here and partygoers in Chennai are ready to rock and roll their way into the evening.Leaving behind all their worries at the workplace, the folks gathered at one of the popular haunts for their dose of masti. There was some lovely music to keep them company as the DJ kept belting out some wonderful mixes all through the night. Those who were in the mood to let their hair down, were blessed by the presence of some nimblefooted friends who prodded them to get on the dance floor. Others chose to sit back and nibble on some fine canapes and sip on their cocktails while indulging in hearty banter with their close pals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386446", "title": "Election Commission goes Dabangg for turnout", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried about the city's lack of interest in municipal polls, the election commission is getting ready to draw voters out by their heartstrings this time. Employing a range of popular and touching imagery - Bollywood , wedding cards, happy children - its new ads will be aired from April 1. One of the ads designed to a wedding card theme reads: \"You are cordially invited to write the future of Delhi...come vote for MCD elections\". Another strikes a note of determination with a woman declaring \"Mein Hoon Dilli ki Dabangg\".Delhi State Election Commission has hired three advertising agencies to prepare advertisements for TV and print, jingles for radio, and posters for outdoor publicity. \"We want people to come out in large numbers on the polling day. It is an important election and people should participate in it. We have planned an extensive campaign to encourage people to vote,'' said state election commissioner Rakesh Mehta.In the last MCD elections, the overall turnout was just 42%, and only 20% in some pockets. Mehta said, for the April 15 elections, \"We have tried to make the campaign interesting so that it catches people's attention\". The Commission is hopeful that this will increase turnout by 15-20%.The Commission has also roped in Mass for Awareness, a voluntary organization that runs the Vote for India campaign to perform street plays in 136 wards, to encourage people to vote. \"Through our play we want to educate people about the role and importance of a councillor,'' said Neeraj Gupta, president of Vote for India campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387507", "title": "Patna police website launched", "text": "PATNA: Patna police launched its website on Thursday on the occasion of Bihar centenary celebrations.\"Our initiative will further boost the people-friendly image of police. It will help us in bringing down the crime rate in the city,\" Patna SSP Alok Kumar told TOI.The website will work as a platform for people to establish a direct link with the police. It will have contact details and email IDs of all important police officers in the district, Kumar said.Patna police will also upload the list of wanted criminals, sketches of suspects in any crime, details about district police's initiatives and programmes, among other things important for public awareness.\"We will also upload details of our achievements which will keep our morale high,\" the SSP told TOI. The website will become fully functional soon. It will also function as a grievance cell for people seeking speedy solution to their law &amp; order related problems, he said.Patna police already runs a website of traffic department, , the SSP said.\"Patna police have taken around 20 initiatives during the past one year to check crime. More than 18,000 criminals have been arrested in the last one year, resulting in decline in the incidents of major crime in the district,\" he added.Now, armed with the website, the Patna police hope to make people aware about their initiatives like Patna Police women helpline, Patna police women counselling cell, prohibition of human trafficking and rehabilitation unit, school safety programme and programme of preparing sketches of suspected chain snatchers.The records of Patna police in the last five years show a decline in number of crimes in the district.In 2007, total 317 murder cases were registered in the state capital. The figure declined to 314 in 2009, 304 in 2010 and 248 in 2011. There were 62 reported cases of dacoity in 2007 which declined to 54 in 2009 and 44 in 2011.A similar trend has been witnessed in terms of registered cases of rape in the last five years. In 2007, it was 74, which came down to 50 cases in 2010 and 41 in 2011.\"Now that we have launched our own website, we will try to further bring down the crime rate,\" said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387158", "title": "Sindhis to usher in new year with fanfare", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after Maharashtrians, Kannadigas and Telugus rang in their new year, the 25,000 Sindhis in the city are celebrating Cheti Chand. On the eve of the Sindhi new year's day, which falls on Saturday, the community's temples in Egmore and Sowcarpet were all set to receive a flood of devotees.\"We open our offices and establishments as it is considered auspicious to begin work on Cheti Chand,\" says Danesh Kumar N Chhabria, president, Sindhi Chamber of Commerce. Cheti Chand marks the birthday of the community's patron saint Jhulelal, and is an opportunity for families and friends to get together.While temples are crowded for festivals like Cheti Chand, Holi and Diwali, attempts are being made to preserve the Sindhi language, cuisine and culture that have been losing ground. \"It is a matter of concern that many youngsters don't speak the language. Efforts are being made to popularise short-term language courses on the internet,\" says J C Prakash, partner, K V Narasimhan &amp; Co.The community centres are also attracting youngsters by organising workshops, quizzes, lecture demonstrations, talks and cookery shows that cover the history, geography, literature and cuisine of Sindh.\"Post Partition, the community got scattered across the globe and many had to rebuild their lives from scratch. So language, music, food and literature took a backseat,\" says textile exporter Prem I Watwani.Most Sindhis migrated to India - and to Chennai - from the Sindh region of present-day Pakistan after Partition in 1947. There are close to three millionSindhis in the country, most of whom live in Mumbai, Indore, Hyderabad and Bangalore.Worldwide, the population is estimated at five million with many affluent Sindhis residing in Hong Kong and Singapore . Most of them made their money as financiers though the younger generation has entered professions such as medicine, engineering, garment manufacturing and export, fashion design and event management. \"Ours is a globalised community and youngsters are cosmopolitan and western in their outlook,\" says Watwani.The Sindhis take pride in their ability to assimilate into new lands with ease and adopt the local customs and traditions. For many Sindhis in Chennai, the day begins with south Indian tiffin, which has replaced traditional fare like koki - roti made with wheat flour, onions and coriander, considered a breakfast staple in Sindhi households. \"Many of my relatives in Delhi think I am more south Indian than Sindhi. When I meet people of my community in Delhi, I feel they are more Punjabi,\" says wedding decorator Preeti Nagpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12392865", "title": "Mahindra Group hires consultant to suggest name for merged entity", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mahindra Group said that it has hired a consultant to suggest a name for the entity that will be formed post Tech Mahindra-Mahindra Satyam merger.\"We have hired a consultant to suggest a name for merged entity,\" Tech Mahindra President L Ravichandran said here today.He did not reveal either the name of the consultant or the deadline for renaming the merged IT company.Ravichandran, however, said the company would definitely consider retaining 25 years of strength in telecom sector of Tech Mahindra.The merger process is expected to take six to nine months to take effect after receiving all regulatory approvals, he said.The diversified Mahindra Group on Wednesday announced the long-awaited merger of Mahindra Satyam with its another technology arm Tech Mahindra in an all-share deal that would create the country's fifth largest software firm with an estimated annual revenue of about $2.4 billion, with an estimated market value of over $3.5 billion.Ravichandran said for Tech Mahindra, telecom comprises 99 per cent of its business and for the merged entity it would be 46-47 per cent.He said there will be a need-based hiring at present, but there is no lay off threat to existing employees.Meanwhile, Tech Mahindra-Mahindra Satyam tied up with Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) to develop joint solutions in data mining and data analytics.ISI director Bimal K Roy said though there is no revenue for the institute from the tie-up, but the students will be able to work on live data and problems that would help in better exposure.\"There is no revenue or money for solutions that would be used by the Tech Mahindra or Mahindra Satyam. But, if there is a solution developed at ISI and will be sold to a third party then it will be done through a JV agreement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12387524", "title": "Nomination for panchayat posts begins in Rayagada", "text": "KORAPUT: The Rayagada administration has started the process of nominating candidates for the three posts of zilla parishad and to the posts of samiti members and sarpanchs in Kasipur block of the district, where people had boycotted the recently concluded three-tier panchayat poll demanding tribal status for Jhodia community.\"As per the direction of the state government, we have started the process of nominating candidates for various posts of the three-tier panchayat system,\" said Rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle, refusing to divulge on what basis the candidates will be nominated for various posts.Leaders of various political parties, including members of Jhodia community, have urged the district administration to halt the process of nominating candidates till their demand is fulfilled, however. \"We will oppose any move of the state government to nominate candidates for various posts of the block. No one will cooperate with the administration till our demand is fulfilled,\" said Bhabani Sankar Jhodia, a youth leader of Jhodia community.During the recently held panchayat poll, not a single nomination was filed for the 20 posts of samiti members of Kasipur block, which consists of as many as 20 panchayats with a total of 83,457 voters and 242 wards. All the 14 candidates of various political parties, who had filed nomination for the three posts of zilla parishad, had also withdrawn their nomination supporting the demands of the Jhodias.Around 50,000 Jhodias live in and around 85 villages, particularly in the district's Kasipur block. They had boycotted the 2009 general elections protesting against the government's failure to confer them with tribal status and had even refused to share details with the enumerators during the 2011 Census.\"We had discussions with various political parties and sought their cooperation. No disturbances during the nominating process will be tolerated,\" the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387203", "title": "Autopsy of Dutch woman to be conducted on Saturday", "text": "CHENNAI: The autopsy of the 35-year-old Dutch national whose body was found in house in Mamallapuram will be done on Saturday morning.\"Lambrata worked as a school teacher in Netherlands and came to Mamallapuram with Joseph on March 10,\" the investigating officer said.\"Joseph, a boat mechanic, rented a house near Koklimedu in Mamallapuram through a broker he knew, he said.\"We suspect that Joseph was involved in the death of Lambrata,\" police have informed the woman's parents. \"They informed us that they were aware of her relationship with Joseph,\" the officer said. \"They were shocked to hear that their daughter was dead.\"TPolice have informed officials in the Netherlands embassy in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392725", "title": "Charmee to play a prostitute", "text": "After Anushka got rave reviews for her role as a prostitute in \"Vedam\", actress Charmee is all set to play one. Buzz has it that director Chandu of \"Notebook\" and \"10th Class\" fame will direct Charmme in this film, that will go on the floors soon.\"In Tollywood, only a few actresses have played sex workers. Savitri, Jayaprada, Jayasudha, Lakshmi, Sridevi and Prabha are some of them. We are planning to etch out Charmme's character well in this movie. It will be interesting,\" says director Chandu.The story, he reveals, is about a prostitute, musician and a singer. \"For the other two characters, we are looking for new faces,\" he adds. D Venkatesh and Surya Srikanth are producing this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12386512", "title": "Victims of attack pick up the pieces", "text": "Aarti Thakur (22) is yet to recover from the acid attack on her two months ago at the busy Goregaon station. Besides scars and functional deformities, she has developed sleep problems and is paranoid of staying alone at home.In her case, trauma is understandable as this was the third attack on her in three months. The first took place in November last year at Malwani, when a man cut her face with a blade; she sustained 16 stitches. The next attack, by two men, took place in Nallasopara. She was injured in the ear. \"All three times, the attacks took place at public places. This could be the reason I am paranoid to step out of my house,\" Aarti said. Apart from leaving her a nervous wreck, the acid attack has pushed her family into a deep financial crisis.She feels Mumbai's reputation as a city that is safe for women is slowly eroding as more women suffer sexual and physical abuse. Experts say the majority of cases have to do with unrequited love, family feuds or failed relationships.Nandita Shah, co-director of the NGO Akshara, which works for gender justice, said the number of women facing harassment in streets even in a city like Mumbai is overwhelming. \"In a recent study involving 4,250 girls, we found that 95% have experienced sexual harassment in streets.\"Shah blamed this on the increasing belief in the minds of attackers that they can get away with their acts. \"Fear of punitive action is very important,\" she said.Another victim, Jyoti Pawar, who was attacked by a BPO employee trying to flee after snatching her gold chain said it was time to \"come to terms\" with her ordeal. \"Our focus should now be more on staying alert and learning the tricks of fighting assault,\" said Jyoti, a beautician. \"Still, the impact of an attack, even if minor, can be immense.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390744", "title": "A second lease of life", "text": "Bagging two honours at the National Awards (Best First Film of a Director for Thiagarajan Kumararaja and Best Editing for Praveen K L and Srikanth) this year seems to have boosted the Aaranya Kaandam team's confidence.For, its producer S P Charan has now plans of rereleasing the film for a wider section of the audience in the US.When contacted, Charan confirms, \"We are releasing the film in the US in big screens again by next week. Plans are on for the same.\"Will the film release in Tamil Nadu again as well? \"We're considering that option as well. But no concrete decision has been arrived upon yet,\" he answers.Aaranya Kaandam, starring Ravi Krishna, Jackie Shroff , Sampath and Yasmin, also won the Grand Jury Award in South Asian International Film Festival last year. Let's hope the film has a better spate of luck this time around at the BO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12386895", "title": "Cops search for man who duped Delhi resident", "text": "Police are on the lookout for a city-based private company owner, Bharat alias Manish, who allegedly duped a Delhi resident of Rs 90,000 last year, promising him monthly returns on the investment. According to the complainant, Dharmpal Kakkad, a resident of Pitampura, the company has shut shop and its phone numbers are no more reachable.On the basis of Kakkad's complaint, the police have lodged an FIR against Bharat and are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12386960", "title": "Navratri celebrations: Citizens dip into festivity", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Chanting Jai Mata Di, holding coconuts, flowers, bangles and red chunnis in their hands, a large number of devotees on Friday thronged goddess Durga temples on the first day of Navaratra. Long queues of devotees were seen at the temples including Khemamai, Kalyani Devi, Alopibagh and Lalita Devi.The idols of goddess Durga were all decked up with colourful streamers and flowers. \"We have been visiting Kalyani Devi temple for years to get blessings from Maa. We offered prayers, coconuts and a chunni,\" said Santosh, a resident of Dhoomanganj.He added \"we have also been observing fast and following all rituals for years\". The festival is also known for fasting and irrespective of age, devotees survive on fruits, curd, milk and dishes made of water chestnut flour and swang rice. Rock salt replaces the normal salt for those who are fasting.Meanwhile, restaurants and sweet shops across the city too have come with Navratri thalis for those observing nine-day fasting. \"A Navratri thali usually consists of kuttu ki roti/puri, fried potatoes, swang ke chawal, saboodana ki tikki or khichdi, kheer, saboodana papad and pakodas,\" said Anupam Mishra, a devotee. The police have made elaborate security arrangements with strict vigil being kept near temples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388461", "title": "Civic chief, mayor to visit Godavari banks today", "text": "NASHIK: Mayor Yatin Wagh, acting municipal commissioner P Velrasu and heads of all the departments of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) will be inspect the stretch of the Godavari river between Ramkund and Someshwar on Saturday to look for places where they can implement their plan of Godavari cleaning and beautification.Mayor Yatin Wagh had listed Godavari cleaning and beautification as one of the major projects to be undertaken by the MNS, next only to Raj Thackeray's pet project Goda Park. In the light of this development, the mayor and acting municipal commissioner P Velrasu, with the heads of all departments will visit the Godavari river banks from Ramkund to Someshwar on Saturday. Apart from cleaning and beautification of the river and its banks, a plan for promoting tourism is also on the anvil.In a meeting on Thursday, the mayor and officials had discussions on how the river and its banks could be maintained and developed. A gate would be constructed at Victoria bridge and boating for tourists would be started from there to Someshwar. \"On Saturday, we will inspect the area and take note of the situation to see what can be done to clean and beautify the place,\" said Wagh.The government has sanctioned Rs 27 crore under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal scheme for Godavari River Front Development. The project, which is scheduled to be completed this year, is still having some teething problems, particularly with Ramsrushti, for which 50 acres of land have been acquired by the NMC at Tapovan. NMC officials said that more than 90% of the project has been completed, but ghat development and cleanliness projects are yet to see the light of the day.Also, the prestigious proposal of having a boating facility fails to address the persistent problem of water hyacinth that occupies most parts of the river bed and nothing has been done to date. Officials of the concerned departments say that all this will be discussed with the mayor and the municipal commissioner after Saturday's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12391936", "title": "Why is marriage a taboo in Ollywood?", "text": "Do the Odia audience accept their heroines if they have a touch of vermillion on their forehead? The answer is definitely a 'no.' It seems that marriage is a taboo for a heroine in Ollywood.Compare this with Bollywood and the likes of Kajol , Madhuri Dixit , Malaika Arora Khan and Chitrangada Singh , who have never allowed marriage to come in the way of their career. If Bollywood directors don't have any issues with the marital status of their heroines? why are Ollywood directors so different? \"I think, marital status is an issue for heroines all over India. But there are exceptions. Actually the audience become less interested in married heroines and their attitude discourages us from taking them as the female lead in our movies. It has been difficult for the Odia heroines to make a comeback after their marriages. Glamour is a very important factor for a heroine to have a successful career.Unfortunately, when a heroine gets married, she loses her charm to attract the audience we cater to,\" says director Prasant Nanda. But how is it that Bollywood heroines and even those in Tollywood manage to woo the audience despite walking down the aisle? \"The audience in Odisha wants the heroine to be their dreamgirl. They just can't accept their dreamgirl to be married. So, being a director one has to definitely keep the audience's perception in mind. But, if the subject and the character demands, there is no option other than casting a married actor like Rituparna Sengupta or Swastika Mukherjee in our films,\" says director Raju Mishra.Female actors have their own take on the issue. Some agree that hectic lifestyle of a star and increasing responsibilities often keep them away from acting after marriage. \"The decision of going back onscreen after marriage varies from person to person. As in my case, though I had some film offers after my marriage, I didn't accept them thinking it would hamper my family life. However, now I am open to films,\" says Mama Mishra, adding, \"If a heroine maintains her figure post-marriage, I don't think there should be any problem for her to play the lead.\"According to actor Meghna Mishra, \"I don't think marriage is actually an issue if one maintains an hourglass figure. In my case, I left acting because of my education and business. It has nothing to do with my marital status. In Bollywood, there are directors who has no qualms about casting married heroines. But Odia directors and producers are not willing to take any risk. If I get any lucrative offer, I'm interested to stage a comeback.\"Maybe, it's time for Ollywood to follow the footsteps of its Bollywood counterparts.Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12385797", "title": "Saldanha had planned major works in Cortalim", "text": "MARGAO: Days before his untimely demise, the late Matanhy Saldanha had submitted a proposal to chief minister Manohar Parrikar that contained all the major works that he felt needed to be undertaken in Cortalim constituency and which were to be included in the 2012-2013 budget.Saldanha had divided his proposal into four categories - Sancoale, Cansaulim, Velsao, Cortalim/Quellosim- and had made detailed notes for the benefit of Mormugao and Salcete taluka.Saldanha wanted a 2,000 sq m market cum sports facility at Sancaole and had even identified land at Daiguem, Simpal, Sancoale and had stated that NOC's were to be obtained provided the owners were compensated by providing about 12 families with a shop space, development and improvement of Zuarinagar slums amongst other such suggestions.He wanted a road over rail bridge at Cansualim-Arrosim, at Arrosim- Utorda, and a bypass road near Cansaulim Church amongst other suggestions.In Velsao, he wished for minor bridges at Tambiar to Molo at Dando, a road under rail bridge at Pirsolem, Velsao, and a new road from Infant Jesus School to the football ground, Velsao, amongst other suggestions.He listed around ten suggestions for Cortalim/ Quellosim. The major proposals were a market cum police outpost and post office, beautification at ferry point, road over rail (Konkan Railway) bridge from Consua to Battim and de-silting of the water channel from Mina spring to river Sal via Consua, Cansualim, Dongrim-Nuvem.Amongst his suggestions for Mormugao, he demanded a major hospital complex be established at Chicalim on the existing land owned by the government, upgradation of the primary health centre at Cansualim. He also demanded the establishment of a new primary centre at Zuarinagar, a library at Quellosim for the ST community and sewerage system on priority basis at Cortalim, Sancoale, to prevent the pollution of ground water.In Salcete, he demanded the diversion of the major district road (MDR) from Addodem (Cuelim) to Verna on land already acquired and known as Rayem pass leading to Utorda, Majorda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386989", "title": "City celebrates Gudi Padwa in style", "text": "MUMBAI: Lakhs of Mumbaikars celebrated the advent of the Hindu new year on Friday with a spring in the step. Be it praying at temples, leading Gudi Padwa processions or participating in the 'ghatsthapna' at the onset of Navratra, they made sure to start the extended weekend with a touch of faith.Fortunately, owing to the intervention of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, cellphone operators did not overcharge text messages by levying a full rupee per message as they usually do.As the doors of Mahalaxmi and Mumbadevi temples opened for the early morning 'aarti', families arrived in strength with offerings of flowers, sweets and seasonal fruits.Meanwhile, tall 'gudis', one barely visible at a height of 100 ft, were raised across the Marathi heartland on Friday. Streamers of coloured cloth, sugar crystals, neem leaves and garlands were assembled on bamboo poles before an upturned 'kalash' crowned the top. This one in Thane was erected to commemorate Sachin Tendulkar's 100th ODI century. The cricketer began the new year by attending the evening 'aarti' at Siddhivinayak temple.Maharashtrian enclaves like Vile Parle, Dadar, Thane and Dombivli were aflame with colour as vast 'shobha yatras' formed the annual parade. Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde invited a bunch of children dressed in traditional outfits to take part in a yatra. A girl dressed as 'Bharat Mata' carrying a trident showed the way. Chaitra also commemorates the advent of the new harvest. Manipur and south India celebrated Cheiraoba and Ugadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12386660", "title": "Government accountability hits rock bottom in NREGA", "text": "JAIPUR: Having set an example to the nation of bringing transparency and accountability in schemes under the MGNREGA, Rajasthan is fast finding itself loosing all grounds in this count.Not only social audits but also other instruments for ensuring transparency are a thing of past but there has been little effort by it in prosecuting those whom it had found responsible for financial irregularities in NREGA.In what was the first of it kind effort in the country in October 2009, social audit was carried out in Bhilwara. About 1,500 persons carried out audits of all schemes under NREGA in 282 panchayats in the district and detected anomalies amounting to Rs 2 crore but since then little ac tion seems to have been taken against the guilty.Since then the Bhilwara pattern social audit got in legal wrangles and state government devised a new pattern of auditing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387616", "title": "Getting together to celebrate Ugadi", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dr Srihdhar Francis, who belongs to Telugu community and works in a city hospital, celebrated Ugadi, the Telugu new year, with other members in city on Friday. He said this new year is celebrated with high spirits by the Telugu community. But felt bit alone in city.The things are different here as there are only a few Telugu people in the city. However, we celebrate the day in the best possible way, he said. He said left with no other option of celebrating the festival in the traditional Telugu style, he threw a party for his friends in the hospital at night.I invited my friends for dinner at my place and told all of them about Ugadi. I told them as to how Ugadi has come from words Yuga and Adi, which means beginning of a new age, said Francis. He added all his friends were delighted to know about the festival and asked many questions about the festival. They also enjoyed partying with him and gave him wishes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12387985", "title": "Daily danger: Illegal wires overhead", "text": "Israr Ahmed Khan's death on the Western Express Highway is an example of government apathy and the lack of implementation of basic safety measures, say activists. And even as authorities and cable operators indulge in a blame game, the incident has sparked widespread anger among bikers who say that dangling wires on even major roads are an everyday peril. On Wednesday , a metal wire used to support illegal cables , got snagged around Khan's throat. Though the cable had been removed prior to the accident, the metal wire was negligently left behind.So who is to blame for this death? A small-time operator who illegally suspended the wire over a streetlight pole-a common practice in the city? The authorities for failing to identify illegal cables and taking action against offenders who want to make a quick buck? Or is it the red tape and difficulty getting permission to lay cables underground?Anil Parab, President of the Cable Operators and Distributors' Association (CODA) admitted that in the absence of permission, smalltime operators try to run the cable from wherever possible, but added that that his association had petitioned the BMC, PWD, MMRDA and MSRDC in 2003 to allow distributors to lay cables underground. A PWD maintenance engineer for WEH who did not want to be named said such cables suspended over streetlight poles across or parallel to roads are illegal. \"PWD will help the police identify the cable owner and take action against him,\" said the engineer.Transport expert Ajit Shenoy said the cable industry is \"totally unregulated and unfettered by any safety mechanism\" with very little vigilance from the government machinery. \"It's high time that the civic authorities and road agencies ensure that these cables are laid underground and initiate legal action against those failing to follow the rules,\" said Shenoy.Motorists and bikers say that dodging wires and cables is an almost everyday occurrence.Bandra (W) resident and biker T Viswananth from Bandra (W) said he had a similar experience on the Eastern Express Highway, but was fortunate to have escaped unscathed. \"A cable wire dangling dangerously from a streetlamp got entangled in the wheel of my bike. Luckily, I was travelling at just 40 kmph, and was able to extricate myself ,\" he said, demanding strong action against those who put up these illegal cables.Parab added: \"We are not a recognized industry and thus authorities neglect our issues. So far, 2000 operators in the city haven't got permission to lay cables underground.\"\"Agencies owning streetlights and the roads must coordinate and take action. Normally our vigilance squad does not allow this but sometimes some wires go unnoticed,\" the PWD engineer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12377859", "title": "Aamir Khan\u2019s got eyes for talent", "text": "After Abhinay Deo of Delhi Belly, Anusha Rizvi of Peepli Live and of course, Kiran Rao (Khan) of Dhobi Ghat, Aamir Khan has trained his sights on another debutant director, who is all set to make a film about friendship that cuts across religious and cultural barriers.Deepak Diwedi's film, interestingly titled Kashmiri Glasshouse, will be shot on location in Agra this winter. Apparently, Diwedi has no real experience in filmmaking.A source disclosed, \"Diwedi caught Aamir's attention without an impressive biodata or past history. Aamir read the story of a friendship between Agra-wallahs; one, a sari-shop owner and the other, a photo-frame shop owner, and he was hooked.\"Kashmiri Glasshouse will also see the re-launch of Chandan Roy Sanyal, who played Shahid Kapoor's psychotic friend in Kaminey. Chandan will play the Sikh sari-shop owner in the film. \"Aamir has asked Chandan to prepare for his role, for which, he will be growing a beard and spending time in Agra. When Aamir saw Chandan's audition, he immediately selected him.\"Chandan simply said, \"I am really not supposed to talk about this. I lost both Kahaani and Santosh Sivan's Urumi while shooting for F.A.L.T.U. Happens, no regrets. Which is why I don't want to talk about this wonderful opportunity that Aamir Khan saab is giving me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386902", "title": "Rollback Roy derails Trivedi\u2019s plans for city", "text": "MUMBAI: Mukul Roy's decisions after replacing Dinesh Trivedi as railway minister may affect several projects in Mumbai, including elevated rail corridors, roof plazas and safety.Roy has not only rolled back the increase in suburban train fares, but also revoked his predecessor's decision to create two new posts in the railway board: member, public private partnership (PPP), and member, safety.A railway official said, \"We can understand the politics behind the fare hike reversal. But the minister should expand the railway board; a separate directorate can expedite projects proposed on the PPP model and a member, safety, can upgrade measures to help prevent commuter death and injuries.\"In Mumbai, elevated corridors have been planned in the Churchgate-Virar, CST-Panvel and CST-Kalyan sections. A corridor has also been planned for the Panvel-Vasai-Virar section via Diva. An official from the Mumbai Railway Vikas Corporation (MRVC) said, \"The railways do not have the resources to implement the elevated corridor project on their own. The state government's help will be sought to share the cost of infrastructure. Still, while the government can extend help on capital cost, operating costs need to be factored in once the corridors are opened. It is better to rope in the private sector to run the services profitably.\"He said the project will not be scrapped, but may face problems in the absence of a dedicated directorate, which could have expedited implementation.The sacking of Trivedi has also put a question mark on the future of architect PK Das's roof plaza concept for stations. The plan was to decongest stations by making intelligent use of the area above tracks and platforms to create acres of additional space. A railway official said, \"Trivedi was impressed with the concept as it would have helped decongest suburban stations.\" Dadar station had been selected as a pilot. \"Enthusiasts will have to start from scratch to get the new minister interested in it now,\" the official said.About the need for an independent railway board member for safety, an official said, \"Mumbai's tracks have claimed more than 3,600 lives in the last 10 years. A member, safety, could have brought much-needed focus to issues like the need for infrastructure maintenance and quality control.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12391482", "title": "Dhanush is very cute looking: Sonam", "text": "The industry is abuzz with news of Sonam Kapoor's pairing with southern star Dhanush in \" Raanjhanaa\", but the actress prefers to keep mum on the project.\"I think Dhanush is very, very cute looking. I am looking forward to working with him. But right right now I am not confirming any film,\" the 26-year-old said here at an event.Sonam's last film \"Players\" bombed at the box office. She is currently working on Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's \" Bhaag Milkha Bhaag.\"Dhanush has also complimented her for her \"expressive face\".According to reports, Sonam has been roped in for \"Raanjhanaa\" for the role of a Varanasi girl, who comes to New Delhi to study at JNU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12388138", "title": "India a 'loser' in Geneva, says Sri Lankan media", "text": "A widely-respected Sri Lankan daily led a tirade against New Delhi describing India as \"a loser in Geneva , though it helped the US win'' on Friday for voting in favour of a resolution demanding war crimes probe in the Island nation at the UNHRC.The Island in an editorial said the move would embolden Tamil politicians to pressure the centre and even resurrect the LTTE in India. It said New Delhi may have extricated itself from a domestic imbroglio at Sri Lanka's expense at the behest of the likes of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, but it has \"plunged India into an unholy diplomatic and political mire'' . It said the US can now rely on Tamil Nadu to exert pressure on the Centre on sensitive issues \"( w)ith Jayalalithaa and (former Tamil Nadu chief minister M) Karunanidhi on its side'' . It said Tamil Nadu politicians failed to save LTTE chief Prabhakaran but have won all political battles against the Centre since his death. \"... so much so that even Rajiv Gandhi killers could not be hanged in Tamil Nadu... ''It warned that the LTTE is likely to step up its operations in Tamil Nadu, \"where a situation conducive to its activities exists with prominent politicians backing it... '' . The newspaper hoped that \"India will not be hoist with its own petard--once again'' .The Daily News called the countries that voted for the resolution as \"destructive'' and denounced the USbacked move as \"a desperate attempt to disempower and undermine Sri Lanka'' . It said they are trying every trick in the bag to further this dark design. It noted that a majority was prepared to vote in favour of the resolution or abstain due to the US pressure and its ability to wield its economic clout in a separate story headlined as \"Might overrules right'' .But The Daily Mirror called for understanding the resolution's spirit, saying its key sponsors have been Sri Lanka's long standing friends. \"India, who voted with the resolution, has been a great friend throughout and as (former Sri Lankan foreign minister Lakshman) Kadirgamar once said our friendship has reached a state of 'irreversible excellence' .\" It advised against hurling vitriolic abuses and asked Colombo to realize that the resolution is merely \"a note of caution made by concerned friends who are genuinely worried about the self-destructive direction Sri Lanka is taking.''The Island too noted a silver lining. It reported the resolution was amended at the eleventh hour at India's behest \"to replace phrase, 'and the government of Sri Lanka to accept' with 'in consultations with and with the concurrence of the Government of Sri Lanka' .\"Anger against India had been building in Sri Lankan press since external affairs minister S M Krishna hinted that it could vote against Colombo keeping sentiments in India in mind.Minister wants VOA to be booted outSri Lanka on Friday rejected a UN resolution urging it to seek external help in probing alleged war crimes committe against LTTE. Foreign minister Dew Gunasekera told parliament that Sri Lanka will resist outside help to probe violations of humanitarian law. \"We will not, under any circumstances, allow others to impose on us their advice or solution,\" he said. Hitting out at the US for sponsoring the resolution , construction minister Wimal Weerawansa demanded the shutting down of the Voice of America (VOA) station, which he said was being used for \"intelligence gathering\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390365", "title": "Rajesh Amanakara's Entry launched", "text": "Debutant director Rajesh Amanakara's flick, Entry, has been officially launched. The movie with a youth-oriented subject has a young star cast. Many fresh faces are debuted in Mollywood through this movie.However, the most interesting aspect of Entry is the presence of popular anchor Ranjini Haridas. She will essay the role of a cop in the movie alongside Baburaj.\"This is a movie on youngsters and there is an interesting twist to the story,\" says the director. The cast also includes Aakash, Nihal, Arjun Ravi, Aditi Chowdary, Neha and Sija Rose. Music is scored by Mejo Jose and lyrics by Vayalar Sarathchandra Varma. The movie will start rolling soon in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387660", "title": "Rollback may derail improvements", "text": "LUDHIANA: Commuters have not taken in good spirit the rollback in rail fares announced by the railway minister, Mukul Roy, on Thursday. They feel it is part of the political game and due to their vested interests, they are ignoring the financial crisis that the railways is facing.Once authorities had increased the fare, they should have tried to find out ways to improve the facilities for passengers.Rajesh Sharma, a businessman and resident of Kitchlu Nagar says, There was no problem in paying more money because at this time, railways is in dire need of funds. This hike could have helped them in improving food, cleanliness and other amenities in trains.A homemaker and resident of Chandigarh Road, Meenu Mittal, said, If there would be no money with the railway authorities, then how would they start more trains and improve stations, trains and quality of food served. All these things are also equally important.A railway official claimed, There is severe financial crisis in railways but even then authorities are doing nothing for increasing the income. Already, there is shortage of rail coaches and if situation remains like this, it would be tough to provide new coaches to the passengers.He said the employees would not get salaries if the situation continues.The hike in rail passenger fares for second class suburban and non-suburban, Sleeper, AC chair car and AC 3-tier was rolled back on Thursday. However, the increase of 15 paise per km and 30 paise per km in passenger fares in AC 2-tier and AC-1 tier has been kept unchanged. On March 14, while presenting rail budget, former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi had proposed the hike in rail fares after 8 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386033", "title": "UP hosts 20% of country\u2019s poor", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sab kuch hai apney desh mei, roti nahi to kya, Waide lapet lo, jo langoti nahi to kya, (There is no dearth of anything in our country. Live by tall promises and forget, if one does not have bread to eat and clothes to wear).A slur on the political parties making false promises to the poor, these lines written way back in eighties by famous Urdu poet Samsi Minai of Barabanki aptly sums the state of affairs in UP, which continues to be home to the poor.With 7.38 crore people still living in abject poverty and earning less than Rs 22 per day in rural areas and Rs 26 in urban areas, UP plays the perfect host to poverty. Nearly, 1/5th of the poor reside in UP and they constitute 18% of the total 40.7 crore poors living in the country.Following Tendulkar Committee methodology, the report is based on the NSSO survey done between 2004-05 and 2009-10. This includes the first three years of the previous Mayawati government. The report was recently released by the Planning Commission.What makes a depressing reading is that UP has fared poorly in alleviating despite a sustained high growth rate of 7% achieved in the last five years. This means the growth has not been pro-poor.On the other hand, this speaks about the lop-sided priority of the government in which the rich stood to gain by the growth rate.As a result, the focus shifted to capital-oriented construction works on a large scale, particularly in Lucknow, Noida and few other places. This included the F1 race track. On the other hand, poverty alleviation programmes got less attention. This was evident by the poor performance of the state in various such programmes like the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna, providing health insurance and the National Rural Health Mission. Incidentally, their implementation was marred by scams and scandals in the state.The net result of this was that the poverty decline in UP was less than half of the national average. The number of India's poor fell to 29.8% of its population in 2009-10 from 37.2% in 2004-05. As compared to this, poverty decline was only marginal 3.3%, down from 41% to 37.7% as compared to that of 7.4% in the country. Previous poverty decline was almost same in UP and India. This was 0.75% in UP and 0.88% in India. And notably, this was in spite of the fact that the growth rate in the 10th five-year plan was only about 5% as compared to that of 7% during the 11th five-year plan.What is disturbing is that the poverty gap has also widened between UP and India. The picture emerged from the fact that in the 10th five-year plan, 40.9% of total population was below poverty as compared to that of national average of 37.2%. The gap was of the order of around 3% and this has now gone up to over 7%.Notably, rural poverty had shown a faster decline as compared to urban poverty. In 2004-05, around 42.7% of the population was below poverty line in rural areas and this had come down to 39.4% in 2009-10. On the other hand, the poverty decline was just 2.4% for the urban areas where 37.7% population lived below poverty line in 2009-10 as compared to 40.9% in 2004-05.In the context of poverty ratio, Scheduled Tribes showed the highest level of poverty (40%) followed by Scheduled Castes (42%) and other backward castes (30%) against 37.7 per cent for all classes. Ironically, the situation prevailed in the state despite the fact that it had been under the rule of Mayawati, whose votebank incidentally consist of dalits, who remains the poorest of the poor.The report calls for a shift in approach towards planning in which emphasis is needed to be given on the development and not just on the growth. Apart from this, the fact that the location of poverty is shifting to urban areas due to migration of rural jobless in search of jobs, also underlines the need for integrated development of rural areas in order to reduce rural poverty and create more jobs through cottage industries. Likewise, the urban planning should be given impetus in order to cope up with new challenges created by ever increasing pressure of population due to migration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12392567", "title": "Govt, mediators suspend talks after Maoists kidnap BJD MLA", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government and Maoist-named interlocutors suspended their talks on Saturday after the extremists abducted Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka late Friday night.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik also sent revenue minister Surya Narayan Patro and SC and ST development minister Lal Bihari Himirika to Koraput from where Hikaka, a 37-year-old tribal MLA of the ruling BJD, was abducted while returning home along with his driver Ugrasen Jambeka and personal security officer (PSO) Gokula Kandhapan.The ministers will explore back channel possibilities to release Hikaka, official sources said.The lawmaker's kidnapping came amid negotiations between the state government and Maoist-sponsored interlocutors, B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty, to ensure safe release of two Italians, Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo, held hostage by the Red rebels since March 14.The extremists kidnapped the two foreigners from the Kandhamal-Ganjam border while they had gone trekking. Amid speculation that the captors would free at least one of the two Italians through a group of journalists, the government and the mediators decided to suspend talks and appealed the Maoists to release all three abductees on humanitarian ground.The BJD MLA's abduction shocked the state police and political establishment and the government and mediators saw little point in continuing the talks when Maoists violated their unilateral ceasefire announcement, killing a police sub-inspector in Malkangiri on Thursday and then kidnapping the legislator, official sources said.The MLA's kidnapping during negotiations also hint at intra-party differences within CPI (Maoist) with the Maoist top leadership suspected to be attempting to snub Sabyasachi Panda, secretary, Odisha State Organising Committee, who is behind kidnapping of the two Italians, police sources said. For releasing the foreigners, Panda had announced unilateral ceasefire and demanded the government, among others, to halt anti-extremist operations, release large number of people booked on charges of being rebels and also release his wife Subhashree incarcerated since January, 2010.Police suspect the Koraput-Srikakulam division of CPI (Maoist) to be behind the kidnapping of Hikaka, a first-time lawmaker. Over 50 armed cadres stopped his vehicle near Toyaput on the Koraput-Laxmipur road which was dug up and a truck acted as an obstacle to passage of traffic. Maoists let go the PSO and the driver, while taking Hikaka captive into the nearby forests at gunpoint, police said. \"They took away our mobile phones and asked us to tell people that Maoists abducted the MLA,\" Ugrasen said. Protesting the MLA's abduction, some people blocked the Koraput-Laxmipur road and demanded his immediate release.Naveen Patnaik, who in the wake of the kidnapping of Italians has repeatedly been appealing the ultras to desist from violence and had also announced that security forces will not engage in coercive action till Maoists do not indulge in violence, told media persons he spoke to Hikaka's wife Kaushalya and assured her all possible steps for securing the release of her husband.The CM said the two ministers would visit Kaushalya soon and added he had spoken to Union home minister P Chidambaram about the legislator's abduction while the chief secretary had a talk with the Union home secretary. Kaushalya, in turn, appealed the kidnappers to release her husband unharmed and said he has been working for tribals' welfare.Expressing concern over legislators' security, the Opposition Congress and BJP strongly protested the MLA's abduction inside the state Assembly. They accused the ruling BJD of having an unholy nexus with Maoists and forcing the state into anarchy by ignoring the Union government's advice. With the Opposition creating pandemonium over the issue and even breaking the Speaker's mike, not much legislative business could take place and the House was adjourned till Monday.Opposition members, however, continued to occupy the well of the House. \"The BJD government is hand in glove with Maoists. It became evident when Maoist-backed panchayat representatives supported BJD candidates in recent zilla parishad elections in Koraput,\" Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh said. Government chief whip Rabi Narayan Pani rubbished the allegations, saying this was not the time to seek political mileage out of an incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12391464", "title": "Wishes galore!", "text": "Looks like its raining birthdays in Mollywoods as a couple of beauties celebrate their special day. Hot M'wood siren Ramya Nambeeshan shares her birthday with Salt N Pepper actress Mythili today, on March 24.Wishing both of them on twitter was none other than Rima Kallingal. She tweets, \"Hey guess what.. Its not juz remya nambeeshans bday but mythilis bday as well!! Here is wishing the salt and pepper babe every happiness:):)\". She also tweeted, \"hey guys!! Join me in wishing the fabulous remya nambeeshan a very happy bday!:):) the girl rocks:):)\". Looks like Remya has quite a huge fan following among her M'wood co-stars itself! While we're here, here's wishing Remya and Mythili a very happy birthday!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12387921", "title": "Textile processors unhappy over gas price hike", "text": "SURAT: The South Gujarat Textile Processors' Association (SGTPA) on Friday decided to oppose the 7% hike in the price of natural gas supplied to industrial segment by Gujarat Gas Company Ltd ( GGCL).Industry sources said the company issued a circular to all industrial gas users in Surat, Ankleshwar and Bharuch regarding the 7% price increase of the gas effective from April 1, 2012. The textile processors will have to pay Rs 24 per standard cubic metre (SCM) of gas.More than 400 dyeing and printing mills in Surat are running on natural gas and their daily requirement of natural gas is pegged at between 1.5-1.6 million metric standard cubic metre per day (mmscmd).Sources said the price hike is a direct fallout of the depleting domestic production and increase of imported gas in the company's portfolio. The price of imported gas has gone up in the last couple of months following the Iran crisis as well as due to other reasons.\"The textile industry is passing through a tough phase following the depleting demand of finished fabrics from key domestic markets in the country. The price of yarn, chemicals and other raw materials have gone up. It will be difficult for textile traders to pay high job charges for processing the textile fabrics,\" said a senior functionary of SGTPA.\"We have organized a meeting to chalk out a plan of action to tackle the price hike announced by the gas company,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12386652", "title": "Woman held for killing son 12 years ago", "text": "VADODARA: Twelve years after she murdered her eight-year-old son, a woman was arrested by the parole-furlough squad on Thursday. Narmada alias Nanda Vasava was arrested from Kapadvanj taluka of Amreli district where she was staying with her paramour Shuklo alias Virisinh Vasava for the last five years. What left the cops amused was that Narmada killed her son so that she could stay with Vasava, who too has been arrested.Police said Vasava had refused to accept her son that pushed Narmada to take such an extreme step. \"Narmada was staying with her husband in Chhani area. But, she had developed relations with Vasava 12 years ago. She decided to flee with him. She took her son Jagdish along as she thought Vasava would accept him. But, Vasava asked her to choose between him and her son,\" said a police official from parole-furlough squad.\"Fights continued between them for about 10 days. Narmada then decided to kill her son. She tried to strangle him to death but he resisted. During the melee, Jagdish's head hit on a stone platform and he received grievous injuries that led to his death. Narmada panicked and she abandoned his body in open fields in Chhani,\" the official added. The cops initially registered case of accidental death but following medical reports, murder case was registered.Police sub-inspector G R Sharma of parole-furlough squad said, \"We had been tracking accused wanted in murder cases under the guidance of additional police commissioner D J Patel. We started tracking the lady's movements and visited a number of places over the last few days. We traced her in Amreli where she was staying with Vasava and working as a farm labourer. They initially refused to admit their crime but after thorough interrogation they gave in.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12387771", "title": "Industry welcomes future, but tense over the present", "text": "COIMBATORE: Chennai may be thinking 2023, but industry in Coimbatore is more worried about 2012.Vision 2023, the futuristic development plan that chief minister J Jayalalithaa unveiled on Thursday, envisages Tamil Nadu as a power surplus state with additional generation of 20,000 MW. Industry leaders are most welcoming about the plan but want immediate action on the power crisis.\"It is a great initiative from the part of chief minister to announce plans to develop various sector including the infrastructure, power, agriculture and health sector,\" said M Kandhaswami, president, Coimbatore District Small Industries Association. The plan to invest in infrastructure and power projects using the public private partnership model would help the state grow, he said. \"However, nothing has been said how the government plans to bail out industries in the immediate future from power crisis,\" he said.At present, the state is staring at power deficit of 4,000 MW. Due to this industry are suffering and the production losses incurred are increasing by the day. Markets are getting lost to competitors from other states that that have surged ahead as far as infrastructure and power sectors are concerned, said Kandhaswami.M Krishnan, president of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, who appreciated the initiative, said Coimbatore's needs must be given more priority. The vision can be fulfilled if investments come up in the city as it has all that is required for the growth. He said while plans are to invest in the infrastructure projects including that of ports and highways, the government should also think of developing the Coimbatore airport as an international airport. \"The airport needs to be developed as an international airport, which would help develop trade and industry,\" he said.In a press release, Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry appealed to the chief minister to establish a health care city in Coimbatore.Mahendra Ramdass, president, Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers Association, emphasised the need to strengthen the power grid and to have dedicated feeders for the industry. This would help evacuate the power generated and to face any power crisis in the future, he said.Power infrastructure is very weak due to huge loss made by Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited. Not much investment has been to develop the infrastructure for many years now. The government should have a vision of the total energy requirement in the longer run, he said. \"TANGEDCO has a single chairman, who takes care of the generation and distribution of power. But the government should appoint a chairman with technical knowledge, who would take care of power generation separately,\" he said.The farmer community in the district welcoming the government's plan to invest Rs 40,000 crore for the agriculture sector demanded to have total control over the prices of agriculture products. \"The prices are being controlled by the middlemen. Turmeric which had fetched a price of Rs 17,000 a quintal last year is now have a market rate of just Rs3,000. If the government take the whole control of fixing of price on the agriculture, itwould help farmers,\" said P Kandasamy, secretary of Vivasaayi Sangam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386165", "title": "No SC stay on Vilasrao Deshmukh's Bombay HC indictment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh will have to live for the time being with the Bombay High Court's scathing indictment of his role as the Maharashtra CM in the alleged irregular land allotment at throwaway prices to Subhash Ghai's Mukta Arts to set up an integrated film and TV training institute.Though the Supreme Court on Friday entertained Deshmukh's appeal against the February 9 judgement of the HC, which quashed the land allotment to Mukta Arts for a film activity-related training institute, it refused to entertain the plea for a stay in the HC's stinging remarks.This is the second instance of judicial rap for Deshmukh as prior to the February 9 judgement, the apex court on November 3, 2011, had severely criticized him for misusing his position as the CM to protect from prosecution the kin of a MLA who were lending money lending racket in the farmers' suicide-prone zone of Vidarbha.If a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad on Friday did not accept senior advocate Ram Jethmalani's plea on behalf of R L Sontakke, who had filed the PIL before the HC, for dismissal of Deshmukh's appeal, it did not accede to the former CM's counsel K K Venugopal's plea for stay of the strictures.\"Where is the question of staying the remarks? On the question of stay, we are sorry,\" the bench said when Venugopal said the HC had itself stayed the operation of its judgement for eight weeks.The PIL had alleged that Deshmukh after becoming the CM had not only expedited allotment of land, for which a request for which was pending with the state government for nearly 20 years, but also affixed his signature on the joint venture between Mukta Arts and Maharashtra Film, Stage and Cultural Development Corporation in October, 2000, as if to show his blessings to the deal.On November 3, the SC had severely criticized Deshmukh for abusing his constitutional position as the CM to shield illegal money lending racket linked to a MLA in the Vidarbha region, where money lenders have been squeezing debt-ridden farmers dry and forcing them to commit suicide.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly had said: \"Considering the entire matter in its proper perspective, this court is of the view that the way interference was caused from the office of the CM by his private secretary by two telephone calls on May 31, 2006, and the manner in which the district collector was summoned by the CM on the very next day that is June 1, 2006, for giving instructions to specially treat any complaint filed against MLA Dilip Kumar Sananda and his family members has no precedent either in law or in public administration.\"Defending Deshmukh in the land deal case, Venugopal said affixing of the signature was the best evidence of his innocence as no person in his senses would do that if he knew it was a tainted deal. He said allegations about the deal being a quid pro quo to kick start his son's film career was outlandish as at that time the boy was studying architecture abroad having no known desire for a career in films.Jethmalani argued that Deshmukh could make the request for expunction of remarks before the HC. But, the bench of Justices Dattu and Prasad said: \"It is not a petition to be dismissed at the threshold stage. We will hear arguments in detail.\" The court issued notices to the respondents, including the CBI, and sought responses within four weeks.The Union minister is seeking removal of five critical findings against him. They are:*Deshmukh \"clearly misused his official position as CM*The role played by Deshmukh in the transaction of allotment of land was \"despicable\"*He extended \"undue favours to Whistiling Woods International Pvt Ltd*He played an \"unusual\" role in the transaction in question and the proceedings relating to the signing of joint venture agreement pursuant to which the land was allotted to Mukta Arts*He was \"taking a keen interest in the entire project and it is therefore difficult to accept the defence of innocenceDeshmukh said: \"These findings (of the HC) constitute serious strictures and tantamount to a judicial finding of malice; bad faith, and misuse of public office. These findings are not only unsustainable but contrary to the record before the HC. They are also in the teeth of the law laid down by the apex court prescribing approach of courts in matters where misuse of office, bad faith or malice is alleged.\"It was alleged that land worth Rs 30 crore were allotted to Mukta Arts for a paltry Rs 3 crore. The HC had quashed the allotment and asked the government to take back the land.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387525", "title": "Prakash Jha's documentary on Bihar released", "text": "PATNA: A 43-minute documentary, 'Sunehare Dastaan... Bihar ki Bhoomi Se', was released on Friday.The short film, produced by Prakash Jha, provides a glimpse of Bihar's glorious history, heritage and culture.The film was shot in Bihar during last winter. It captures Mahatma Gandhi's satyagraha, Chandragupta's empire, Ashoka's dhamma policy, Sher Shah Suri's administration, Buddhist philosophy, Jain teachings, Sufi shrines, Bhagalpur silk handloom weavers, Madhubani painters and other glorious aspects of Bihar.\"The documentary will help people know Bihar better. If we are not aware of our past, we cannot make our present better. And, a poor present always leads to a dark future,\" said state information and public relations minister Brishen Patel. Several ministers and bureaucrats watched the film.The documentary is written and directed by Alankrita Shrivastava. Jha has produced the documentary as a token of gift to Bihar government to mark Bihar Diwas.Bihar's education department principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh announced: \"The documentary will be screened at all schools. We have plans to convey its message (screening of the documentary) to panchayat level as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12387439", "title": "Critical illness cover extended to APL families", "text": "RANCHI: The state health department has decided to extend critical illness cover facility to patients from above the poverty line (APL) category, provided the annual income of the family does not exceed Rs 72,000.A patient suffering from any critical illness, including coronary heart disease and renal problem, will get the financial assistance up to Rs 3 lakh to meet medical expense.State health minister Hemlal Murmu announced this in the assembly in replying to a question raised by former deputy chief minister Raghuvar Das who had demanded relaxation in documentation process for the claim.\"Earlier the state government used to give financial assistance to people from below the poverty line (BPL) on the basis of income certificate issued by circle officer of the area. During the President's Rule in 2010 there were amendment in the policy and only those patients get the benefit who have BPL card,\" Das said adding that since a large number of BPL families in the state did not have the card they were deprived of the benefit.The government has decided to amend the rule and now any patient whose annual income is less than Rs 72,000 will get the benefit, the minister said.\"Since the barrier of BPL and APL has been removed the approving authority will not ask for BPL or APL card. Instead, he or she will approve the assistance on the basis of the income certificate issued by the local circle officer,\" said Murmu.Replying to another question by RJD legislator Annapurna Devi, the minister said that the government had initiated steps to fill vacancy of teachers in the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences. \"We expect that post of teaches will be filled up within one and a half months,\" said Murmu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387153", "title": "Slum rehabilitation scheme flats can\u2019t be sold for 10 years: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: Flats allotted under a slum rehab scheme cannot be sold or transferred, the Bombay high court has ruled. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More ordered the police to seize and seal four flats in a Chandivli slum rehabilitation project by Tuesday.\"No allottee of a rehabilitation flat in an SRA ( Slum rehabilitation Authority) scheme can transfer the flat for a period of 10 years, said the judges. The court ruled that \"gift deeds'' and \"power of attorney'' used to transfer the flats were of \"no consequence''.Sumer Builders are constructing a slum rehab project in Chandivali to rehouse persons who were evicted from the Sanjay Gandhi National Park and some other slums in the area. The scheme had come under the scanner when a PIL revealed that of the 3,198 flats, 329 had been given out on rent, 48 were being used for commercial purposes and 34 had been sold. A second survey showed that of the 121 flats inspected, only 31 were occupied by the original allottees. According to the rules, such flats cannot be sold for 10 years.In the present case, two of the flats were occupied by Dipak Gaikwad and his wife Pratibha. They claimed that the original owners had transferred the flat to them on the basis of a gift deed and power of attorney.\"The so-called gift deed has no validity in the eyes of law as a rehabilitation tenement constructed as part of a slum redevelopment/rehabilitation scheme, cannot be transferred for a period of ten years,'' said the judges.In the case of the other two flats, the persons who were occupying the apartments had locked their premises and gone to their native village. The court ordered the police to take possession of all four flats and seal them.The next hearing is scheduled for March 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "12387527", "title": "Maoists blow up Khaira block office", "text": "MUNGER: An hour before the expiry of their two-day bandh call on Thursday midnight, Maoists went on the rampage and blew up the building of the Khaira block office, located 22 km away from Jamui district headquarters.Jamui ASP Pushkar Anand said the Maoists used high-powered explosives to blow up the block office. The impact of the explosion was so severe that all the documents and furniture of the block office were reduced to ashes, he added.Anand said the rebels also set ablaze about a dozen of trucks on their retreat. The trucks were parked in a queue for loading sand from the bed of river Saldaya, which is located about six km away from the Khaira block office.Sources said the Maoists, who were about 70 in number, also raised slogans of \"Maobad zindabad, Hamare Pradesh Da ko Chhoro\". Police said the Maoists also set fire to a local school building which was being used for some official works.The Khaira block, of late, has become a prime target of Maoists in Jamui district apart from the Sono block on the far end of the eastern border of the district which connects to Jharkhand.On Thursday, the Maoists had set ablaze two mobile towers of a private firm under the Sono police station in Jamui district to create communication problem for the security forces. They had also raided the Narganjo railway station on the Jhajha-Kiul section of the Eastern Railway and held the assistant station master captive for about two hours. They claimed to have planted explosives on the railway tracks of the main line.Throughout the bandh period, the Maoists demonstrated their strength mostly in Jamui district in the Munger division, a highly-placed source in the police said. Vehicular traffic on the Munger-Dharhara Road and Haveli-Kharagpur Road remained paralyzed because of the threat given by the Maoists, locals said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392934", "title": "I don't tag myself as a role-model, says Rajeev Khandelwal", "text": "Rajeev Khandelwal , who consciously keeps a low profile, feels that he is still learning and wants to reach the Everest one day. In a chat with TOI, he tells us that he is wary of his star status.Rajeev Khandelwal, who is busy shooting for \" When Love happens\" in Bangkok , says, \"When you are a public figure, you have certain responsibilities and people look up to you and they tend to get influenced by you. Though I don't tag myself as a role-model, but I am a public figure and I need to be careful.\" While the recent Saif incident, where the actor allegedly assaulted Iqbal Sharma at a restaurant in Mumbai, made headlines, Rajeev feels that there are other big stories. \"Honestly speaking, I feel there are compelling issues and bigger stories than the Saif incident which need to make headlines. I feel the Saif episode was a small incident which was blown out of proportion. As for me, I keep the star part away from the 'real' Rajeev and I like to enjoy the small pleasure of life. It is possible that someday, I am partying hard and some issue is made out of my life because some people like putting down celebrities,\" Rajeev shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12385989", "title": "Youth slits his throat, dies", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old youth allegedly committed suicide by slitting his throat with a knife at his residence in Hadapsar on Friday afternoon. The Hadapsar police have identified the deceased as Gautam Bhujang Bhaskar of Hadapsar.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of the Hadapsar police station said that the incident took place around 12 pm on Friday. At the time of the incident, Gautam's mother, sister and grandmother were in the house. \"Gautam asked them to go out as he wanted to change his clothes,\" Mandhare said.After some time the family members noticed blood on the floor near the door. They informed the police. \"We rushed to the spot and entered the house by breaking the door. We saw Gautam lying in a pool of blood. His throat was slit. We rushed him to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead,\" Mandhare said, adding, \"We found a kitchen knife near his body.\"Mandhare said the police did not find any suicide note. \"The family members told the police that Gautam had been disturbed since the last few days,\" Mandhare said. Gautam ran a business of leasing out sound systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "12387624", "title": "Buranges host Gudi Padwa feast", "text": "BRS NAGAR: The Burange family of BRS Nagar was very excited on Friday as they prepared to celebrate Gudi Padwa with other Maharashtrians in the city. Right from the morning, Suwarna, who is a manager in a private bank, was busy in the kitchen while her husband Prasad, an assistant professor in PAU, was busy preparing gudi.Suwarna said she woke up early on Friday morning to prepare traditional dishes like shree khand, karhi, dal bhaji, aloo bhaji, masala bhat (rice), Maharashtriyan wada, chutni and koshimbhri.All these dishes were placed in a special thali and offered to the gudi and then served to family members and friends , she said.Prasad had prepared the gudi using neem and mango leaves, brocade that he tied with a jute rope on a bamboo stick and put an inverted copper pot with a swastika on top with sandal powder. He then tied it on the railing in the balcony of his house.The couple had also made a rangoli near the gudi. Ravi Kumar Chauhan, a resident of New Janta Nagar who works as a general manager in a resort on Sat Paul Mittal Road, offered a special party to his colleagues, where they all enjoyed the Marathi dishes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12387491", "title": "College students seek job assurance", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Academics has taken a backseat at three government-run colleges in the city with students of forestry, veterinary science and homoeopathy staging demonstrations to demand job assurance after completion of their courses, and to attract attention to infrastructure woes in their respective colleges.Forestry students of Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) have been sitting on a dharna at Lower PMG since February 17 seeking B.Sc (forestry) as the minimum qualification for the post of range officers in forests department. \"We are trained for the job. But during recruitment, the post is open for all science graduates,\" said Sudhir Kumar Panda, a member of the students' union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12386655", "title": "Private builder accused of cheating villager of land share", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have registered a case of fraud against nine employees of a private building company who allegedly duped a villager, Ravinder, a resident of Daulatabad village, of his money and his share in a housing project in Daulatabad village (near Dwarka Expressway).The accused builder had allegedly promised the land owner a 39% share in the building and fraudulently made him sign on blank pieces of paper last year, complained the land owner. \"On the statement of Ravinder, we have lodged an FIR against Capital Builder's owner, Virat, manager Lakhetia, Ashok, Satbeer, Gaurav, Omparkash and Rajpal. Investigations are on,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12387955", "title": "Lying is more satisfactory. Trust us, we aren\u2019t fibbing", "text": "MELBOURNE: Nodoubt,honesty pays. But lying brings more satisfaction, researchers have claimed. A new study by the University of Sydney, to be published in the Journal of Consumer Research , has found that consumers feel more satisfied if they lie and get what they want than if they tell the truth.In fact, people who lie during a service encounter have more extreme reactions to the outcome than honest peers.The study raises interesting questions about the way marketers and businesses respond to dishonest customers and train their staff, particularly given the volume of lies people tell every day.Previous research shows that people tell on average one totwolies a day,whichequates to about 42,000 lies before the age of 60.\"Lying is hard work. When people lie, they're so pre-occupied with telling the lie and not revealing the truth that they aren't able to monitor cues from the listener, which areimportantfor updating expectations about the likely outcome of the conversation.\"So when you lie to get a refund or to file an insurance claim and get away with it, you'll have a much more polarized reaction than if you tell the truth. Liars are more satisfied than truth tellers if they get a favourable outcome,\" Christina Anthony, who led the study, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12387505", "title": "Council of Higher Secondary Education pulls up socks after matric paper theft", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) conducting the Plus II examination is on its toes in the wake of the matriculation question papers theft. \"The council has sent a fresh reminder to all the centre superintendents to remain extra vigilant to ensure safety of the sealed question papers,\" CHSE chairman Nihar Ranjan Patnaik said on Friday.Besides, the CHSE question paper checking squads are conducting checks at night to ensure that the questions are not opened before the scheduled time by the colleges. \"We have increased vigil,\" Patnaik said.CHSE controller of examinations Jasobanta Behera said the council has come across four false incidents of Plus II questions leak in the past few days. The incidents were reported from Balasore, Khurda, Kendrapada and Dhenkanal districts before and around the matriculation question paper leak on Wednesday, he saidThe information had come to the CHSE over telephones from these areas. The allegations ranged from opening of question papers by the college concerned in the evenings before the examination to sale of question papers a day in advance. \"We verified every piece of information. All the four reports turned out to be rumours but we can't take a chance,\" said Behera.Behera said the council has also increased vigil on answer-sheets of second sittings (scheduled from 2pm), which are sent to valuation centres a day after the examination. The question papers of the first sitting, starting 10 am, are dispatched to these centres by post the very same day.The controller of examinations said the examination should not be a problem anymore as just four days are left for the theory papers to end. Most core area papers of arts, science and commerce streams are already over.While arts students appeared for optional language paper (Odia/Hindi/Bengali/Urdu) in the first sitting on Friday, commerce students' took fundamental of management accounts in the second sitting. Science students' of computer/information technology/ electronics besides arts and commerce students' IT examinations are scheduled for March 24. Education/psychology of arts students on March 26 and statistics of arts/science students on March 27 are other important papers left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386031", "title": "Optimistic estimates a cause for worry", "text": "KOLKATA: If the Bengal government hopes that the growth in state taxes will come as a shot in the arm for its finances, the expectations may be difficult to fulfil. And the debts of the government too have grown steadily.As against a growth of 25% in state taxes projected in 2012-13, in the current year it was actually 18%. And this was a drop from 25% growth achieved in 2010-11, according to figures presented in the Medium Term Fiscal Policy Statement and Fiscal Policy Strategy Statement tabled by the government along with the state budget for 2012-13 in the assembly on Friday.The target of 25% sounded all the more optimistic as this was sought to be achieved \"despite the financial ill health and significant slowdown of the nation's economy,\" read the statement, which was tabled in terms of the West Bengal Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, 2010.Not surprisingly, in the current year, the fiscal achievements fell short of the FRBM parameters. As against the required figure of 1.6 for \"Maximum revenue deficit as per centum of gross state domestic product(GSDP)\" for 2011-12, the actual figure for the year was 3.14. Similarly, \"fiscal deficit as per centum of GSDP\" was 3.9 in 2011-12 as against the stipulated 3.5. \"Unfortunately, due to excessive financial burden on the state, the fiscal indicators have not moved towards the targets prescribed by the West Bengal FRBM Act,\" the statement read.The estimate of state's own tax revenue was placed at Rs 31,222 crore in 2012-13, as against a revised estimate of Rs 24,934 crore in 2011-12, a growth of over 25%. In 2010-11, this figure was about Rs 21,128 crore. Another substantial growth was expected in grants-in-aid, to Rs 20,282 crore in 2012-13 as against Rs 12,749 crore in 2011-12. The year before, when the Left Front was in power, the grants-in-aid amount was Rs 7,800 crore.Based on these figures and a projected decline in the rate of growth of salaries, revenue expenditure as a percentage of revenue receipt was expected to be 109 in 2012-13 as against 129 in 2011-12, thus painting a picture of better financial health. The growth rate in salaries was projected to drop to about 8% next year compared to 16% in the current year. The rate of growth of pension was expected to climb, however, to about 14% in the coming year from current year's 4%.In 2011-12, the total borrowing from the market would amount to Rs 22,423 crore. The total debt of the state government was estimated to be Rs 226,550 crore in '12-13, as against a GSDP of Rs 634,182 crore. The current year ended with a total debt stock of Rs 208,382 crore. In 2010-11, the last year of the Left Front government, the total debt was Rs 187,387 cr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12386610", "title": "Agitation by milkmen to hit supply in Delhi-NCR", "text": "NOIDA: Delhi-NCR may soon start facing shortage of milk as the agitation of milkmen protesting against not being allowed to supply to companies directly continued for the third day in various districts of western UP. A few incidents of middlemen throwing the milk in drains were also reported from some areas. Milk companies fear that if this agitation continues, it would seriously hamper supply to Delhi-NCR in the next couple of days.Companies say that the Centre should not have banned the export of milk last year. \"As the decision was not been reviewed, milkmen had no option but to sell milk through middlemen. However, when they realized that they were getting a pittance and the companies were paying a good amount for their product, they decided to sell to them directly. The middlemen (milk Mafia), seeing their commission reduce, went on a rampage and stopped milkmen from supplying to the companies directly,\" said a cop. Meanwhile, police said the agitation is expected to worsen on Saturday. \"Additional forces have been deployed to maintain law and order,\" said SSP Bulandshahr, RKS Rathore.Milk companies are also keeping a close tab on every development. \"We are managing the supply in Delhi-NCR by bringing milk from other centres and states, but if the issue is not settled soon then we may not be able to fulfill the demand after the next couple of days,\" said Rajendra Singh, MD of Paras Dairy, which supplied 10 lakh litres milk to Delhi-NCR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386422", "title": "Battling red tape to win custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: An American woman has been allowed to adopt an Indian child through video-conferencing.Rebecca Morlock's quest began in January 2008, when an unwed mother in a village near Kalimpong in West Bengal was desperate to give up her two-day-old baby, fearing ostracism.Word came to Rebecca, who had volunteered to teach at children's homes there since 2007.\"I knew instantly that I would do whatever it took to make him my son legally,\" she recalls. \"I loved him with all my heart right away and I was determined to give him the best possible life.\"Finding little help in Kolkata, she came to Delhi and contacted her embassy who sent her to advocate Gaurang Kanth.The legal team first got the guardianship proceedings transferred from a Kalimpong court to Delhi by a Supreme Court order. In 2009, district judge Gurdeep Kumar granted Rebecca the certificate of guardianship, but with several conditions, as laid down by Supreme Court for such cases.She was also directed to set up a fixed deposit for Kyle so that he could fly back if she failed to finalize the adoption within two years.There was still one hitch, though - while Indian laws mandated that she take Kyle to the US for adoption, the US immigration insisted she adopt Kyle in Delhi before taking him home.Rebecca then got a rare allowance from the US, with authorities giving her clearance to finalize the adoption via video-conferencing. Kyle's passport was issued last year after consultations between local and US authorities, including the US state judge. By end of 2011, US Immigration approved a visa for Kyle and earlier this month, the US court permitted her to return home with the boy.When TOI met her hours before her departure for the US, Rebecca was ecstatic. \"Every step of this journey has been challenging and it has been new territory.\"Our case has set a precedent in both countries. It is my hope that through this, people will have courage and hope, and the legal guidelines to rescue more babies in a similar manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387272", "title": "How dwellers can help conserve water", "text": "NAGPUR: The vast lifestyle differences in the urban and rural areas make it necessary for people to take different measures to manage water. Excessive permeation of fuel in the cities, improper disposal of solid waste, absence of sanitation mainly in slum areas and several such things promote a fall in the quality of groundwater.\"Soil acts a natural filter for run-off water. Even if some pollutants get mixed with water, they get absorbed in the soil thereby protecting the groundwater. However in time, as more and more contaminants accumulate in soil, its filtering capacity gets reduced and it actually starts adding pollutants to the water. To avoid this, disposal of solid as well as liquid pollutants directly on ground should be avoided,\" said Pradeep Dube, regional director of CGWB, Nagpur.The groundwater pollution effects cannot be undone easily but steps can be taken to reduce the harm done by them, say the scientists. \"While it is important to replenish the used ground water, care must be taken to ensure that this is done by using unpolluted water,\" stressed Dube. The best way to do this in an urban environ is letting the rainwater into the ground through artificial recharge techniques, he said.If a large area is available, this can be done on large scale. \"There are plans of harvesting rainwater and stormwater through dugwell recharge in the municipal garden at Reshimbagh and Ujwal Nagar, where CGWB is helping NMC,\" informed PK Jain, senior scientist of the board. He also said that on a smaller level, this could be done by means of roof-top rainwater harvesting by individuals, apartment residents and housing societies.\"The city releases 370 million liter per day (MLD) sewage, of which only 100 MLD is being treated. If all this water is treated, it can be utilized in various ways. Not only can this water be used for flushing toilets, gardening, scrubbing floors, etc, it can also be used as cooling water in the many thermal power plants around the city,\" said Kaustav Chatterjee, founder of environment protection NGO Green Vigil. He also said that the industrial waste water can also be treated through reverse osmosis and be utilized in a similar manner. This, he said, could bring down the wastage of clean water provided by NMC by 30%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12395240", "title": "Major reshuffle in Bihar police establishment", "text": "PATNA: Nitish Kumar government today effected a major reshuffle in the police establishment in Bihar involving 58 senior IPS officials transferring three of the ADG-rank, promoting one to the rank of ADG and 39 of the rank of Superintendents of Police.According to the notification issued by the state Home (Police) department, Additional Director General of Police, Bihar Military Police, was transferred in the same capacity as ADG (Training), ADG (Special Branch) A S Nimbran would also additional charge of Crime Investigation department, Patna.Similarly, Rajesh Chandra, 1985 batch IPS was promoted to the rank of ADG (Special Branch).ADG A K Upadhyay would be new ADG of Bihar Military Police, the notification said.Among the SP rank officials, Amrit Raj would be new Senior Superintendent of Police (Patna). Raj was earlier SP of Siwan.The IG R S Bhatti was made IG of the Special Vigilance Wing (SVW), the home department sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386545", "title": "Manager, 5 others in jail for duping bank", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming corruption a major roadblock in the country's development, a trial court on Friday sentenced six persons, including a bank manager, to jail terms of up to three years for entering into a criminal conspiracy to cheat Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) 14 years ago.The court stressed the need for a comprehensive framework to curtail corruption while holding the assistant regional manager of OBC, P K Gupta, and five others guilty of cheating. The court sentenced Gupta, and private persons Rakesh Sharma and Rajesh Grover to three years' rigorous imprisonment. The court also slapped a fine of Rs 1.1 lakh on Gupta and that of Rs 1.4 lakh each on Sharma and Grover. Further, the court awarded two years' jail term to Upender Kumar Singh, Ashwani Dhingra and Dal Bahudur Singh.During trial, public prosecutor Brijesh Shukla had told the court that Sharma, Gupta and others entered into a criminal conspiracy in 1998 to cheat the bank. He added that accused Gupta gave monetary benefit to the private persons by abusing his official position as a public servant. As a result, the bank suffered losses to the tune of Rs 83.85 lakh.Prosecutor Shukla said Gupta had issued loans to Sharma and Grover without verifying documents. \"An economic offence was committed with calculation and deliberate design and with an eye on personal profit,\" ruled the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12386064", "title": "Water situation likely to worsen", "text": "PUNE: The deployment of 296 tankers to supply drinking water to villages and hamlets in Pune division is just half the news. This month is the third worst March in the last 10 years in Pune division as far as water scarcity is concerned and the situation is expected to worsen when temperatures rise in April and May.Data available with the Pune divisional commissionerate shows that 1,459 tankers had supplied drinking water in March 2004, which was the worst water-scarcity situation in the month of March in the last 10 years. The second worst period was in 2003, when 536 tankers had to be deployed in March and the situation had worsened further.In 2002, the state reported inadequate rainfall from June to September which affected water storage in the reservoirs, dams, lakes and dug wells. More groundwater was extracted in 2003 despite there having been adequate recharge. The rainfall continued to be poor in 2003 and the lack of water post-winter increased. This led to a massive water shortage in the division and, by March 2004, the divisional administration was forced to increase water supply through tankers.A senior official from the divisional commissionerate told TOI on condition of anonymity that 296 tankers are presently supplying drinking water to 267 villages and 1,828 hamlets in Pune, Satara, Sangli and Solapur districts. Kolhapur district has not faced any water shortage so far. Sangli is the worst-affected district in the division, with 121 tankers supplying drinking water to 103 villages and 765 hamlets. As many as 103 wells have been requisitioned. Satara is second on the list of worst-affected districts in the division, with 91 tankers supplying water.No village or hamlet in Kolhapur - the smallest district in the division - receives tanker water because the supply from rivers and groundwater has been good, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387021", "title": "In a first, civic budget open to objections &amp; suggestions", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time in the civic body's history, the 2012-13 budget will be thrown open to the public for suggestions and objections. Citizens can send in suggestions to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) standing committee office from March 26 to April 4.Provisions have also been made for citizens to demand that a budget head be taken off. The idea was mooted by civic body statutory standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale, following Shiv Sena's mantra of transparency and public participation. He has divided the campaign into three phases to seek suggestions from all walks of life. In the first phase, suggestions will be sought at the ward level.After this, the civic budget will be sent to editors of news organizations. It will also go out to NGOs and social organizations.The budget, presented before the civic standing committee on Tuesday by municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, has yet to be approved by its members. For the first time in nearly a decade, the civic body has proposed a hike in water and sewerage charges.The hikes have not gone down well with opposition parties threatening an agitation; critics also called it a \"money-lenders\" budget.\"The commissioner has found ways to increase funds without providing services to people,\" said Bharatiya Janata Party leader Ashish Shelar.Shewale told TOI, \"We want to encourage citizen participation in the budget and to offer better facilities. It is important for the civic administration and corporators to find ways to improve the budget and delve into what the common man wants. We must improve civic services and find ways to save the taxpayers' money. Any suggestions are welcome.\"He appealed to senior citizens, youth organizations, the medical fraternity, town planners, architects and lawyers to participate in the process.Citizens can mail in or fax suggestions to the standing committee chairman's office. While it is the right of the standing committee to clear the budget, committee members can discuss it and make amendments before seeking final approval at the civic general body meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12386713", "title": "4-day theatre fest in Jodhpur from Mar 27", "text": "JODHPUR: The Sun City is going to witness a four-day National Theatre Festival. The event is being organised by the Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Academy.The fest will be a confluence of the theatre and drama fraternity from across the nation. Dramatists, stage artistes, playwrights, directors and critics and anyone associated with theatre in some way or the other will be participating in the event which will be inaugurated on the World Theatre Day on March 27 and will culminate on March 30 on the Rajasthan Day.This is the first festival devoted solely to theatre. Several well-known personalities will share their views and perspectives on the postmodern era of theatre. Chairperson of the academy Arjun Dev Charan said a leading theatre artist from Manipur and former vice-chairman of the academy Ratan Thiyam will be the chief guest. The event will see four seminars on different dimensions of theatre and three plays will be staged.The last day of the fest will have cultural programmes by folk artistes to mark the Rajasthan Day.The objective of the event is conservation, promotion and integration of theatre through knowledge sharing and fraternity bonding, Charan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386007", "title": "New norms for green cover", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reverting the decision of the Mayawati government, the new dispensation on Friday re-defined the norms for saplings to be planted under the afforestation schemes in the state. The state nurseries will now have to raise 8 to 12 feet high saplings for plantation. The saplings of this height have a better survival rate than the smaller ones. The previous government had revised the norms and made it mandatory that saplings meant for roadside plantation be 8 feet high, fruit-bearing, raised in state nurseries, be 6 ft. tall and short-heighted varieties like babool be 4 feet high.The GO on this might further clarify on this. The forest department has been directed to act on the new norms.Besides, widening of roads across the state, especially at places where formalities required at the forest department level are pending, will be expedited. The road-widening requires transfer of land as the land along roads and canals is a reserved forest. The government has asked the forest department to clear the cases of land transfer pending under the Forest Act, 1980, at the earliest. The projects of National Highway Authority of India will also have to be cleared quickly.The department will have to act on developing green belts in the state. At least, four sites have to be identified in every district where green belts can be developed. The state has seen a decline in the tree cover over the last few years due to massive cutting of trees for construction purposes.While urban sites might have two hectare of the area as green belt, rural sites might have five hectares of the green belt. The department will also have to develop a better approach road to Dudhwa national park and work for promoting eco-tourism in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386432", "title": "DIG to probe Amrahat Pump Canal Scheme scam: Court", "text": "KANPUR: The designated special court for Prevention of Corruption Act of Kanpur Nagar directed DIG Amitabh Yash to inquire into the corruption matter in Amrahat Pump Canal Scheme and Parmia Nullah Scheme and submit a detailed report on April 7, 2012.Complainant Jai Narain Yadav on Thursday had submitted before the court that certain original documents related to the scheme plan and allocated funds were with the office of irrigation department situated in Canal Colony, Phoolbagh. As the matter is pending in the court, the court should summon those documents to verify his claim.In his complaint, Jai Narain alleged that the state government had sanctioned a sum of Rs 4.04 crore for Amrahat Pump Canal Scheme's second phase and a sum of Rs 1 crore for the security and construction of water treatment plant from Parmia drain up to Ganga Barrage. Execution of both projects was a liability of Radhey Shyam, executive engineer, Ganga barrage.The executive engineer drew the sanctioned amount and without spending a single rupee on any project, he sent a report to the government stating that the entire entrusted work had been completed.He presented forged bills and papers and misappropriated the sanctioned fund. The misappropriated fund was later distributed among the employees of the barrage. Earlier, the complainant had produced a letter addressed to executive engineer Radhey Shyam and claimed that letter itself was sufficient to present the clear picture of the scam. Jai Narain Yadav of Barra area had filed a complaint under section 156 (3) CrPC in August and charged Radhey Shyam and other officials and employees of Barrage Nirman Khand - 2 (Kanpur Nagar) with corruption to the tune of Rs 5.04 crore.The court for Prevention of Corruption Act had asked the Kanpur DIG to investigate the charges and submit a report before the court on September 1, 2011. Jai Narain claimed that in compliance of court order, the DIG had submitted a report. The report was prepared by a sub-inspector which was a gross violation of court order. The sub-inspector had said in his report that full construction work had taken place and that there was no financial irregularity.Countering this report, Jai Narain furnished photocopies of two letters sent to accused Radhey Shyam by chief engineer Awadh Pal singh on November 11, 2011, and December 3, 2011. The judicial official, in his order on March 22, saidt the complainant and two witnesses had already been examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12387465", "title": "Speaker acted on Modi\u2019s order to shield guilty: Cong", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Opposition Congress legislators in the state assembly have collectively taken strong exception to speaker Ganpat Vasava not taking immediate possession of the controversial iPad used by two BJP legislators for allegedly watching obscene clips in the House.In a strongly worded letter to chairman of the House Privileges Committee, Daulat Desai, which will inquire into the incident, the legislators in a signed statement said, \"We wonder why the iPad was not taken possession of immediately, on the same day, after information reached the assembly secretariat.\" Releasing the letter to the media, state Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia alleged that this clearly shows the speaker was \"acting on instructions from the chief minister\".The letter said, \"The very fact that the iPad was taken control of 24 hours late suggests that it must have been changed. More than one reporter in the press gallery had seen the MLAs watching the clips, which itself should be taken as a proof.\"This is for the first time during the current session when the Congress made direct allegations against the speaker, which is generally avoided in normal circumstances. Asking Desai to record the statement of the reporters who claimed they had seen the MLAs watching obscene clips, the letter said, \"The recording on mobile can clearly show that the MLAs were indeed watching obscene clips. These should have been sent to FSL for examination.\"Questioning integrity of the Forensic Science Laboratory, Gandhinagar, the letter said, \"One IPS officer had raided the FSL and proved that it is not objective. In fact, the FSL has been used to protect the accused.\"Refuting the speaker's argument that he had no knowledge about the MLAs watching clips on iPad on March 20, when the incident happened, the legislators said, \"The clips were seen for full 20 minutes. The reporters who had seen it immediately informed about it to the personal secretary of the speaker in writing. Soon thereafter, the speaker had informed about it to state BJP chief R C Faldu, a legislator. Faldu went to the MLAs who were looking at the iPad. Thereafter, they stopped watching it.\"They alleged, \"Ever since, the entire BJP and the government have been out of the way and activated themselves to save their MLAs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387642", "title": "Special platter for Navaratra palate", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the onset of Navaratras, city restaurants are serving a special platter. Those fasting are making the most of the sumptuous food on offer.While Spice Cube on Ferozepur road is serving an array of delicious food with an entire menu dedicated to Navratra special cuisines, Gigabyte has a special thali. Sarabha Nagar resident, Neetu Dhindsa, 26, who indulged in the special Navratra food, went gaga over the delights and said, Food was delicious and the concept is commendable.Chef R S Agarwal from Spice Cube said his team has prepared a unique curry of fruits especially for Navaratras. We have this fruit c#li with 7 different preparations in it for 9 continuous days. Our specialty is our dessert and thats sabudana kheer., Rana said.Twenty-three-year old Rashminder Kaur from BRS Nagar and her friend Monica Guleria, 23, were fasting and couldnt wait to dig into the sumptuous food on offer. We loved the shahi paneer and arbi ki subzi. During Navratras, it is difficult to prepare food athome and the initiative taken by these eating joints is innovative, shared Rashminder.Even bakeries such as Bajaj Foods are not far behind and launched special cuisines. Owner Manik Baja said, We have introduced some special cuisines like muffins, dry cakes, cookies, snacks and puddings made with special food ingredients for Navratra celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12387418", "title": "One killed in air cylinder explosion", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A motor garage owner was killed in an air pressure cylinder blast near Basant cinema talkies in Sakchi on Friday.Mohd Aslam (40) was setting up the equipment at his garage when it exploded. The intensity of the blast was such that the victim was blown to pieces and the splinters scattered to a distance of over 200m.\"It appears that the cylinder exploded accidentally,\" said Sakchi police station in charge Bhola Prasad. Two persons crossing the lane sustained minor injuries. Local people said Aslam closed down his garage, a few months ago. He was setting up a cylinder in the garage to resume his business. Police collected Aslam's remains and sent it to MGM Hospital for postmortem. Traffic came to a halt on the Sakchi-Golmuri road for about 30 minutes, following the incident.\"Luckily, not many people were present at the site at that occurred otherwise the toll would have been higher,\" said a witness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12395096", "title": "Anna Hazare lacks scientific ideas to end corruption: Justice Katju", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council chairman Justice Markandey Katju today said anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare lacks scientific ideas which are needed to solve the problem of graft. The PCI chairman also took a dig at the media for \"hyping\" up the issues such as the 100th century of Sachin Tendulkar, retirement of Rahul Dravid, pregnancy of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and death of film star Dev Anand .\"This Anna Hazare movement, I have not spoken about it because I am attacked by the media as if Justice Katju is some kind of demon. I regard Anna Hazare as an honest man, there is no dispute in that. But what are his scientific ideas? I don't think he has any scientific ideas,\" Justice Katju said.Addressing the convocation ceremony of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, he said shouting slogans like 'Bharat Mata ki Jai' and 'Inquilad Zindabad' will not end corruption.\"You cannot fight corruption by shouting 'Bharat Mata ki Jai' and 'Inquilab Zindabad'. What will happen with shouting? People shouted here for 10-15 days and then went home. There is rampant corruption in the country and that is why there was so much support for Anna Hazare,\" he said.Corruption needs a scientific solution, he said adding \"what is the rationale of thinking of Anna Hazare? With due respect, I could not find any scientific ideas. These shoutings will not do anything. You have to have a scientific solution for it.\"Justice Katzu also flayed Hazare for his approach to deal with issues such as alcoholism.\"You say you can stop alcoholism by tying a man to a tree and beating him. Is this a solution to alcoholism? Most poor people take alcohol and country liquor because they get relief from their miserable lives and forget their miseries,\" he added.\"To abolish alcoholism, you have to raise the standard of their living. You have to reduce their miseries, not that you catch hold of the people, tie them to the tree and beating them,\" Justice Katju said.He attacked media houses for giving \"undue\" space to entertainment to \"divert attention from real issues\".\"90 per cent of media coverage goes to entertainment. The problems of the country is not price rise, employment, poverty but whether Sachin Tendulkar has scored his 100th century. Once he has scored his 100th century, issues like unemployment, hunger and poverty are finished and rivers of milk and honey will flow here.\"\"When Rahul Dravid retires, it is the greatest catastrophy in the history which occurred. Rahul Dravid retired, the country is doomed. For days on end, the media hyped it up. This is your Indian media,\" he added.He said the Mohali cricket match between India and Pakistan last year was also hyped as if a \"Mahabharat\" is taking place.Accusing media houses of suffering \"total loss of sense of proportion and priority\", he targeted newspapers and TV channels for showing programmes on astrology which is termed as \"pure nonsense\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385799", "title": "State stares at agrarian crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Adverse seasonal conditions in the state over the past one year have affected 51 lakh farmers in an area of 34.24 lakh hectares, whose crop production losses have been estimated at a staggering Rs 5,747 crore.With 878 of the 1,128 mandals in 22 districts being declared drought-hit, agriculture and revenue officials have sounded the alarm bells on the problems arising out of the ongoing drought situation in the state saying, \"A grave situation prevails in the state that will not only result in an acute shortage of fodder in the ensuing months, but give rise to major productive and reproductive problems in livestock arising out of nutritional deficiencies.\"Officials said that due to less rainfall and frequent dry spells during the south-west monsoon, an extent of 34.24 lakh hectare of crop area was reportedly damaged where the yields were reduced by more than 50%. Of these, 34.24 lakh hectares, 29.74 lakh hectares belong to small and marginal farmers and 4.4 lakh hectares belong to other farmers. The crop production loss has been estimated at 31 lakh MT.Cotton is the worst hit with an estimated crop loss in 13.65 lakh hactares, followed by groundnut in 8.91 lakh ha, paddy in 3.31 lakh ha, maize in 2.88 lakh ha, red gram in 2.41 lakh ha and castor in 1.92 lakh ha.In terms of district-wise damage, farmers in Anantapur suffered the most with an estimated crop loss in 7.28 lakh acres, followed by Mahbubnagar (5.64 lakh acres), Adilabad (3.24 lakh acres), Kurnool (3.09 lakh acres), Nalgonda (2.33 lakh acres) and Medak (2.25 lakh acres). Nellore is the only district that has not reported any crop loss.Agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana said farmers of all regions have been advised to raise irrigated maze, sunflower and black gram as an alternative to paddy where groundwater is scarce. \"During rabi 2011-12, it is expected that the sown area may marginally decrease,\" he added. Officials said that the food grain production as per second advance estimate during 2011-12 has been put at 173 lakh MT against the targeted food grain production of 228.15 lakh MT.Even fruit plantations and vegetable crops suffered in 10 districts like Kurnool, Chittoor, East Godavari, Medak, Mahbubnagar, Nalgonda, Adilabad, Anantapur, Prakasam and Rangareddy due to scanty rainfall and depletion of groundwater. The loss to small and marginal farmers is more than 50%, when compared to normal yield due to drought, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392615", "title": "Jyothirmayi loves to do glamorous roles", "text": "Actor Jyothirmayi, who is still known for the hit dance sequence with actor Dileep in the movie Meesa Madhavan , says she loves to do glamorous roles.\"However, I do not want to do a role just for glamour. There has to be some substance in it,\" says the actress. In the yet-to-be released movie, Sthalam, with a socially relevant theme, Jyothirmayi has a deglamorous role. Ask her why such kind of offbeat movies come to her, the actress says, \"I don't know. I won't say I regret doing such roles. In fact, I'm quite happy to be a part of a project through which I can do something for society. However, I don't want to be typecast. I would love to a glamorous role very soon,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388099", "title": "It\u2019s preferred, but still city fails to attract IT firms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City is perceived as a preferred Tier-II destination for IT and IT-enabled service ( ITES) companies, but the scenario is still not translating into actual activity in Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park (RGCTP), where the number of companies hasn't gone up in recent years. UT administration blames it on the third phase of the project getting caught in litigation.In its Indian office demand and trend survey report, DTZ Occupiers Perceptive has pointed out, \"IT/ITES occupiers indicated their preference for the tier II cities of Chandigarh, Bhubaneswar and Jaipur. Ahmedabad emerged as BFSI's favourite tier II city. Sound social and physical infrastructure coupled with quality human resource and low occupancy costs make these locations ideal choices for corporates.\"\"Chandigarh is a well-planned city and boasts of a good civic infrastructure along with connectivity to Delhi. Infosys , Dell, IDS, Fidelity, and Seasia Consultancy are some of key companies that have set up their shops in city,\" it adds.According to information, only four major companies had begun operations in IT Park between 2007 and November 2010, though software exports had shot up during this period.UT director IT, Yogesh Kumar claimed that this was due to the third phase of RGCTP getting stalled due to litigation. \"Otherwise, there is definitely a trend of companies moving to Chandigarh and Jaipur as Hyderabad and Bangalore have already reached saturation point. It's expected that construction work on premises of eight to nine new companies in first and second phase will be completed this year, which would lead to massive employment generation in the city,\" he insisted.The survey adds that respondents indicated that economy had recovered well in latter half of 2010, post economic recession. As a result, several corporates had started planning expansions in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387504", "title": "'Smile on Bihari faces tells it all'", "text": "PATNA: The smile on every Bihari face is testimony to the fact that people are happy with the progress and development in the state, feels noted lyricist, scriptwriter and poet Javed Akhtar .Talking to TOI on Friday, Javed said, \"This centenary celebration is dedicated to Biharis. So, what they feel about it is more important than what I feel about it. Their faces reflect the excitement about the progress made in Bihar.\"Javed further said, \"Bihar has changed a lot in the last few years. It is still changing, positively. Biharis are very optimistic about the changing scenario in the state. Now, it is the state government's responsibility to sustain the growth rate.\"Giving details of his performance in 'Tiranga', which was staged at the S K Memorial Hall on Friday, the noted lyricist said, \"Through my poems, I have tried to explain the colours of our national flag. 'Tiranga' carries no political slogan. It is simply a presentation of various landscapes, time periods, feelings, sentiments and events by visualizing colours of the national flag.\"Talking about the present trend in music, Javed said, \"Today's music is like fast food that you can enjoy for some time. But you get satisfaction only after having the main course. Classical form is that main course of music,\" he said, adding, \"This is just a passing phase of Indian film industry that people are getting crazy for songs with no proper meaning. This trend will very soon take a U-turn and we will return to melody and classical music, the soul of music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386498", "title": "Babbar Khalsa International militant arrested at IGI airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Babbar Khalsa International militant has been arrested from IGI airport with arms, ammunition and other incriminating material.The militant, Delhi Police officials said, had come to India after being trained in Pakistan and was supposed to carry attacks on religious gurus like Baba Ram Rahim and Baba Ashutosh. The police have also come to know that BKI is now providing monetary assistance to the families of slain BKI militants in India.The militant, identified as Narender Singh (43), was caught by the special team led by additional DCP Sanjeev Yadav earlier this week when he reached Delhi from Germany by Qatar Airlines . He is from Laroya village in Jalandhar, Punjab, but is now said to be based in Spain. The team also found two CDs containing provocative speeches on him.Singh reportedly said he visited Germany frequently. \"In Germany, he met Hardevinder Singh (BKI chief in Germany) and was motivated by him to join the outfit in 2000. Initially, he was tasked to go to India and contact the families of slain militants in Punjab and provided them with monetary assistance,\" said DCP, crime branch, Ashok Chand.\"In November 2011, he and Hardevinder went to Pakistan and met BKI chief Wadhawa Singh in Lahore . He was trained in handling arms and explosives. Wadhawa also told them about targeting Baba Gurmeet Ram Rahim Sirsa Wale, Baba Pyara Singh Panehare Wale and Baba Ashutosh,\" said Chand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386404", "title": "BJP, Congress split hairs on final list, dissidence looms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress and BJP on Friday held hectic parleys to choose candidates for the municipal polls.The Congress apex committee held a late night meeting to finalize their list of candidates. While they are still undecided on many seats, there appears to be a broad consensus on around 100 seats. Indecision also hounded the BJP. Fissures in the party played out in the open with workers coming out to protest the choice of candidates.Upset with BJP election committee's selection of candidates, several party workers staged protests and forwarded their resignations. In the evening, BJP workers staged a dharna outside BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu's residence.In Karawal Nagar (west) mandal, all BJP office-bearers, including president Chaman Lal Sharma, along with many workers resigned from the party. They contended that no worker from the area was considered for a ticket by the election committee. They alleged that outsiders were being considered.Party sources said there was a dispute over candidates in wards like Rohini South, Dhirpur, Malka Ganj, Shalimar Bagh, Karawal Nagar (East), Khichripur, Kishan Ganj, Rampura, Karol Bagh, among others. The fact that mayor Rajni Abbi was being considered for Mukherjee Nagar seat - which is a general seat - has not gone down well with the party rank and file.In Congress, hectic parleys marked the day with all seven Congress MPs, representing the seven election panels, making presentations over the list of candidates before the Congress apex committee that has AICC general secretary in-charge of Delhi, Chaudhary Birender Singh, DPCC chief JP Aggarwal, chief minister Sheila Dikshit and seven AICC observers drawn from the seven election panels. However, meetings were on to finalize the list of candidates till late night. On a few seats Congress leaders, including MLAs and councillors, relentlessly lobbied for tickets for their wives and sons, sources alleged. At Chandni Chowk, which is MP Kapil Sibal's constituency, there was a difference of opinion over the choice of candidate for the Kamla Nagar ward where former MLA Nathu Ram Nagar is trying to get a ticket for his son Kapil. Model Town MLA Kanwar Karan Singh is learnt to have made a pitch for a ticket for his daughter, the sources alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386386", "title": "City ready to tackle drinking water crisis by recycling sewage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Very soon Delhiites will be consuming the city's waste water. Disgusting as this may sound, the technology to clean sewage for making water potable is already being used across the world. With raw water sources for Delhi highly limited, the capital will adopt this technology to recycle its waste water as well. Initially, 40 million gallons per day will be treated and added to raw water, which will be cleaned further at water treatment plants. This will help in meeting the drinking water demand of 3-4 million people in the city.Delhi Jal Board and the government of Singapore have come to an in-principal agreement, and a memorandum of understanding will be signed between the two governments shortly. Singapore, which is meeting 10% of its drinking water needs by the 'new water' technology, will fund the entire consultancy for Delhi, including preparation of a detailed project report and tendering of the project.\"The plan is to pick up 40 MGD treated effluent at the Coronation Pillar sewage treatment plant, treat it to a tertiary level, and release it into the river to return to Delhi as its raw water source. The water, in fact, will be released about 20-30km upstream of Wazirabad into the Yamuna, so that it can be diluted and additionally treated through natural processes like aeration and sunlight. It will then be cleaned again at the water treatment plant,\" said Ramesh Negi, CEO, DJB.Singapore will be spending about Rs 2 crore for the consultancy project and should be ready with the initial report within the next two to three months. Public Utility Board of Singapore is the agency that assisted Delhi with the initial planning of the project. Sources revealed that chief minister Sheila Dikshit and chief secretary P K Tripathi have visited the facility in Singapore. While Delhi will be putting its effluent through three stages of purification, Singapore reportedly claims that its tertiary treatment is sufficient to improve the quality of water sufficiently for consumption.The project will entail setting up of a treatment plant at the Coronation Pillar SP site and laying of pipes to transport the treated effluent to the river. \"The plant will be run on a public-private partnership model and we will open a global tender for its construction and operation. DJB will be paying the party on a per kilolitre of treated water basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386586", "title": "Pay challans within 30 days or face court", "text": "NEW DELHI: This is no April Fool joke. From April 1, if you receive a traffic challan you will have to pay the fine within a month or get a court summon.In an internal order passed by the traffic police on Friday, the time given to pay traffic challans has been reduced from six months to 30 days. This move to tighten the noose around offenders comes after traffic police found very low level of compliance among those who are sent traffic challans at home.\"It was found that previous challans were not respected by people who would not submit the challan amount as directed by the department. To be stricter regarding traffic challan payment, it has been decided that all challans must be paid within 30 days,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. These challans will be sent through registered or speed post and the challan will have to be paid within 30 days of receipt, said cops.Last year, as few as 63,830 challans were actually compounded while traffic police had to send 4,04,379 offenders court notices. That is less than 14% offenders who actually pay the challans that are sent home. It is also a further drop from 2010, when less than 24% offenders paid the challan amount.Traffic cops said that they would be focusing on issuing challans on traffic violations which carry a heavier penalty, whose non-payment can result in a court challan that could land an offender in jail.Sections like dangerous driving can result in a jail term of six months while driving without a licence can lead to three months in prison. Driving a vehicle without valid insurance as well as allowing a person without a licence to drive can also result in three months' jail.Meanwhile, even if you are caught speeding you can face a jail term if you don't pay the challan amount in time. While the penalty for speeding is usually Rs 400, if found driving at a great speed, the offender can also be booked for dangerous driving, which is punishable by a jail term of six months.\"We will consider cases of speeding to be booked under dangerous driving if they exceed the speed limit grossly. While a vehicle moving marginally above the speed limit can be considered to be speeding, driving at 120 kmph - which has recently led to a series of fatal crashes - is dangerous and rash driving,\" said a senior traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12385841", "title": "Students burn midnight oil to find new TB drug", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Sajeev R, a PG Diploma Cheminformatics student of Malabar Christian College (MCC), has not gone home from his college lab for the last five days.He, along with other researchers in the Cheminformatics centre, has been logging in more than 18 hours a day on their computer which is linked to the Garuda series of supercomputers based in Bangalore and Pune.They are building computational models for TB drug discovery by screening millions of chemical molecules to select a limited few, which show promising anti-TB characteristics as part of the Open Source Drug Discovery (OSDD) initiative led by Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR).\"OSDD brings together bright minds from across the globe through an open platform to discover the drug,\" said Dr UCA Jaleel, assistant professor, MCC Cheminformatics Centre. He is also the national-level principle investigator for OSDD Cheminformatics group.The researchers at MCC are doing this work without any financial incentive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385718", "title": "Guns are in, knives are out", "text": "KOCHI: Gone are the days when criminals used knives and swords to threaten or attack their victims. Now even petty criminals have started flaunting country-made pistols. Obviously, they cannot afford branded revolvers.Police records reveal that the use of guns has increased rapidly among criminals in the state in the last couple of years.The trend is attributed to influence of films on the new generation criminals, who mainly undertake quotation for kidnapping or threatening their victims.Twenty seven cases of arms and ammunition seizures were registered in the state in 2011.In 2010 and 2009, the figures were 23 and 12, respectively. And majority of the arms seized were country-made guns. \"We rarely come across criminals using branded pistols or revolvers. Police have also seized air guns and air pistols from criminals. Though they are not lethal weapons, criminals use them to frighten their victims, as air pistols and guns look alike,\" said an officer in the Internal Security Investigation Team.According to police, Kerala is a huge market for illegal arms, and large number of country-made guns is being smuggled into the state from Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.\"There are local gun making units in these states. They are illegally brought to Kerala as there is a lot of demand for them among people settled in forest areas. Later, these weapons are sold to agents who supply them to criminal gangs,\" the official said.In 2011, the maximum number of country-made guns was seized from Wayanad, Palakkad and Kasaragod districts. Police has intensified combing operations in these districts to check smuggling of arms through border areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387302", "title": "Gadchiroli has lowest per capita income in state", "text": "NAGPUR: While economists always talk of gross domestic product (GDP) of a country, for social scientists per capita income (PCI) is more important as it shows whether the citizens of that country, state or region are affluent or not.Maharashtra, in spite of its decline in recent years, is still one of the most prosperous states in India. However, there is a huge variation when it comes to PCI of districts. Mumbai has the highest while Gadchiroli has the lowest.In spite of its co-operative institutions, Marathwada is the poorest region in the state. Konkan and Pune divisions are on the higher side. Most politicians of Western Maharashtra claim that they have given fair treatment to Vidarbha. A comparision of PCI of Pune and Amravati divisions belie this fact.The figures for Pune division are: Pune - 1, 21,176, Kolhapur - 84,095, Sangli - 71,196, Solapur - 70,465 and Satara - 67,134. On the other hand the figures for Amravati division are: Buldhana - 45,699, Washim - 52,075, Akola - 58,627, Amravati - 63,270 and Yavatmal - 63,469. Surprisingly, Yavatmal has witnessed large number of farmers' suicides has the highest PCI in the division. Gadchiroli is the poorest district in the state with PCI of 43,058. Nagpur district has the sixth highest PCI in the state after Mumbai City, Mumbai Suburban, Pune, Thane and Raigadh.The GDP of Nagpur district is paltry when compared to some other ones. Nagpur's GDP for 2010-11 at current price is 51,336 crore. Against the GDP of Mumbai City and suburban districts (separate figures not available) is 2,28,228 crore, Pune - 1,21,033, Thane - 1,01,281 and Nashik - 54,212 crore. Gadchiroli obviously has the lowest GDP at 4,851 crore.Industrialized districts have higher GDP even if they have lower PCI due to high population density.The ratio of below poverty line (BPL) cards and total number of ration cards in a district is also an indicator of economic condition. Mumbai (city + suburban) has 38.46 lakh ration cards but only 30,612 are in BPL category. Pune has 16.51 lakh ration card holders of which 1.6 lakh are BPL. The respective figures for Nagpur are 8.56 lakh and 1.3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata/tamluk", "code": "12386149", "title": "Nandigram case: CID may grill former DGP", "text": "KOLKATA/TAMLUK: The arrest of former CPM MP Lakshman Seth and two of his aides, Amiya Sahoo and Ashok Guria, has brought into the open that senior police officers played a key role in the Nandigram operation, CID officials said. To get further leads in the case, CID may examine Anup Bhusan Vora, the then DGP West Bengal, the then IG (Law and Order) Raj Kanojia and N R Babu, who was DIG Midnapore range at that time.CID sources said interrogation of Seth and two others revealed that the CPM leadership got support from state police to smuggle armed CPM cadres into Nandigram during the 'recapture operation' in November 2007. CID also said that they had retrieved telephonic conversation between Seth and some other CPM leaders where the former claimed that police would not be a problem.Meanwhile on Friday, Seth, Sahoo and Guria were produced before the Haldia court. The CID counsel Rajdeep Majumdar claimed that initially Seth did not cooperate with the probe agency. But on Thursday he revealed some important clues which could help CID in finding out other absconders. CID asked for seven days' custody but additional chief judicial magistrate (Haldia) Sarbani Mullick Chatterjee sent the trio to CID custody for four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388396", "title": "LPG racket busted, 7 held", "text": "NASHIK: After arresting those involved in the illegal refueling of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) from domestic cylinders to cars, the police arrested seven persons, including four delivery men at Nashik Road for illegally supplying cylinders.On Monday, the police team led by inspector , Sanjay Sanap raided premises near Swagat Lawns on Eklahara Road, belonging to Avinash and Ajay Nathe. Cops nabbed one of the accused, Shivaji Bhor, red handed just as he was refueling a Maruti car with LPG sourced from a domestic cylinder on Monday. The car's owner, - Raju Dheringe was also arrested.\"Our motto was to establish that there was a chain behind the supply of such cylinders. Arresting on the facilitators would not be a deterrent for those in the business. We interrogated the accused after which we we were able to arrest four deliverymen belonging to two gas agencies,\" Sanap said.The four delivery men, who were arrested included Nandu Chaudhary , Rajiudding Shaikh , Pramod Chavhan ( and Gopal Gaikwad, all of whom belong to the Nashik Road area. The modus operandi in the crime, was to sell cylinders issued to people who were either not home, or had moved locations without transferring their gas connection, to middlemen like Bhor, for a higher price. Bhor would then fetch customers and transfer the fuel. Goods worth 1,10,000 were seized from the six who were arrested.\"We wanted to unearth the entire chain involved in the pilferage. After arresting Bhor the police were able to trace the gas agency deliverymen as well,\" District Supply Officer Mahesh Patil said. No incriminating evidence has been found against the two gas agencies that the delivery men worked for.A similar case was uncovered in Pathardi Phata where one was arrested. The accused Kisan Navale acted as a facilitator between those procuring supplying cylinders and customers whose vehicles were refueled with the stolen gas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386304", "title": "PGI to protect newborns against three diseases", "text": "LUCKNOW: The research department of biotechnology, Government of India, has started a project aimed at creating awakening among rural women to save newly born from diseases responsible for mental retardation. This scheme is being run in the Lucknow district with the assistance of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) and CSM Medical University, Lucknow. The SGPGI has been running a project of screening all newborns for three diseases -- Congenital Hypothyrodisim, Galactosemia and Biotinidase Deficiency -- by collecting three drops of blood by heal prick.\"These are diseases, which if diagnosed early, can be treated and mental retardation can be prevented,\" says Dr Shubha Phadke of medical genetics department, adding \"the children can become victims of permanent mental retardation if the treatment of these diseases is not started within two or three months from the date of their birth.\"Children suffering from Galactosemia suffer from glucose because they are unable to digest milk. The samples are collected from hospitals like CSSMU, Awantibai, Jhalkaribai hospital, Ram Manohar Lohia hospital, BCM Hospital, Khairabad and District Hospital, Barabanki.Till date more than 7,000 samples have been collected and tested over the last 5 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12386349", "title": "'Naga rebels backing non-Dimasa outfits'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The growing subversive activity of Nagaland-based militants in the Dima Hasao district has become the major hurdle for the Dima Hasao Autonomous Council (DHAC), which is eyeing a facelift in tourism.The council, which is all set to get its first commercial chopper service on Saturday, asked the government to take stern steps to check the Nagaland-based outfits from causing disturbance in the hill district. The Rudra GTL Aviation Pvt Ltd is to start its chopper services to Dima Hasao district for the first time on Saturday. The service will be available on a regular basis from Monday.Sources said the Khaplang faction of NSCN is extending military support to some non-Dimasa outfits like Hill Tiger Force (HTF), who are demanding bifurcation of Dima Hasao into two separate autonomous councils.\"We are now trying to tap the tourism industry to its fullest in the council. The first chopper service is a major step. But, there are some groups backed by militants from neighbouring states who are trying to create obstacles for us,\" said Debojeet Thaosen, chief executive member of DHAC.\"Insurgency is almost on the verge of extinction in the district, but these groups will not let it die so soon. These outfits only want to create panic amongst the people and they are now outsourcing small groups. The government must do something about it,\" he added.A police officer said that apart from HTF, Dimasa National Revolutionary Front (DNRF) is also getting support from NSCN factions. \"Since the major Dimasa outfits of DHD Nunisa and Jewel factions are engaged in peace talks, both faction of NSCN are trying to stir trouble in the hill district through some local groups. They have launched a massive extortion drive here,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387550", "title": "Its all about the right day", "text": "LUDHIANA: Playing their cards right and trying to win the favour of God for themselves, several candidates for the upcoming election at Sutlej Club waited till Friday, the last day, for filing their nominations. Their reasons include recommendations of astrologers and numerologists and starting of Navaratras on Friday.South Citys Gurinder Laddi, who is contesting for the post of vice-president, said, The election is very important to me so I didnt want to take any chances. An astrologer told me that Friday would be a good day to file nomination papers so I followed his advice. I also visited a temple to seek the blessings of the goddess in winning.Rohit Dutta, who stays in Moti Nagar, said since there were three days to file nominations he consulted a numerologist to know which date will be suitable for him. I was told Friday, so thats when I filed my paper for the general secretarys post. This is a crucial moment, he said.For BRS Nagars Vaneet Randev, who is contesting for the sports secretarys post, Friday seemed like the best date to file his nomination as it is the first day of the Navaratras. I am a very religious person and believe that one needs to start things on auspicious days. I think it increases the chances of excelling, he said.Contesting for the post of cultural secretary, Gurudev Nagar-resident Ruchi Bawa said she also waited till Friday because it is a pious occasion. I visited the temple to seek Goddess Durgas blessings, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386928", "title": "Mumbai supports suburban fare hikes", "text": "MUMBAI: In a normal situation, commuters would have felt elated hearing a minister roll back fare hikes in suburban services. But not when they are faced with a lack of foot over bridges and decent toilets, and safety fears. To address these passenger woes, the railways need money, which Mumbaikars say they are ready to pay.Poor finances have forced the railways to compromise on the quality of services. For example, the maintenance of toilets has been handed to private contractors, who try to maintain margins by using substandard material.Transport expert Ashok Datar said, \"A Hong Kong-Guangzhou train journey costs Rs 1,200 per person. The train is faster than those run by Indian Railways and provides comfort equivalent to that available in our AC chair cars. The distance between Mumbai and Pune is more or less equivalent to that from Hong Kong to Guangzhou. But an AC chair car fare for a Mumbai-Pune journey is just Rs 212. The fare hike would have increased this to Rs 235.\"He said that keeping fares artificially low did not make sense: fares should be revised periodically to ensure that resources do not dry up for rail modernization and expansion, and improving amenities. He said rail fares have not increased in nine years, whereas BEST bus fares have increased by 30% over 10-12 years; still, the transport undertaking was making losses.Shubash Gupta, member, Zonal Railway Users' Consultative Committee, said, \"The moot question is whether the railways will now compromise on passenger safety and put on hold amenity upgrade.\"Commuters said a hike of Rs 2 per km was within reasonable limits. Ghatkopar resident Roy Jacob said, \"I am yet to come across a commuter who does not own a mobile handset. I presume that if he is able to afford a cellphone and does not mind paying higher prices for snacks, he should be able to adjust his budget to a modest fare hike. I guess he understands that it will benefit him in the long run.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388073", "title": "Tents near VIP homes removed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana High Court set an example worthy of emulation by directing the administration to remove the ugly khaki and green security tents that dot the fronts of homes of judges, and then ordered a similar clearing of tents from around homes of all top bureaucrats and politicians across the city.On Friday, at least 75 such security pavilions were removed in the designated green belt of the city designed by Le Corbusier after the HC order. Of these, 60 were occupied by the security personnel of Punjab government ministers and MLAs, three by Haryana government, and 12 by officials of the UT administration.The order to remove tents in front of houses of judges was passed on Thursday evening, as many as 75 tents were taken off since then in the designated green belt of the city. However, before directing the removal of tents outside homes of high ups, the court had asked for removing of tents pitched outside houses of its own judges before 10am.\"The arrangement was made due to security reasons as my husband was a former CM and governor. I will soon inquire about others whose tents have been removed and will lodge a protest if we have been targeted,\" said Surjeet Kaur Barnala, wife of former Surjeet Singh Barnala.When the issue came up for hearing on Friday morning before a division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover, UT administration informed that it has removed all tents outside judges' houses. Once compliance report was heard, the HC gave orders for removal of other tents. The matter came up for hearing again on Friday evening and authorities submitted that all 141 tents near homes of UT officials,VVIPs of Punjab and Haryana have been removed. They added that six tents pitched outside homes of Punjab officials could not be removed for want of permission from the Union ministry of home affairs as tents lodged CRPF and ITBP personnel. Bench directed authorities to get necessary approval and inform court on Tuesday.The issue of tents in \"green belt\" was hanging fire since 2009 when HC had taken suo motu cognizance of illegal encroachment on government land and parks outside VVIP homes by security staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12386085", "title": "Drop in land holding affects foodgrain production", "text": "PUNE: The drop in average land holding is one of the serious concerns of the state government as well as the farming community. The recently released state Economic Survey has also thrown light on the issue, as it is directly affecting foodgrain production.The average land holding in the state was 1.66 hectare per person in 2001, which has come down to 1.46 hectare now. At least 60% of the total population of the state is dependent on agriculture. One of the main reasons is the division of property among family members.Umakant Dangat, state agriculture commissioner, said, \"At individual level, labour, financial support, and work efficiency, all comes down directly after land division. Investment in agriculture goes down and farmers have to make adjustments in terms of quality, water supply, usage of fertilisers and labour.\" When the country is witnessing the serious challenge of food security, such continuous downfall is not a good sign. Compared to Vidarbha, Western Maharashtra has lower land holding per head. Two years back, 1.20 crore farmers' families were holding land, which has now increased to 1.50 crore families, following further division of land owned by the farmers, Dangat said.The agriculture sector is labour intensive. A skillful effort, proper supply of fertilisers, pesticides and water is necessary. As the land gets divided further and further, it affects the farmers' productivity and skills, and in turn affects overall production, Dangat said. Land division is more prominent in Western Maharashtra, where irrigation facilities are available and cash crops can be harvested. Here, land holding is so low that in many cases farmers' families own less than one acre. These farmers manage to plant only kharif crop and then work elsewhere as labourers.Raghunath Patil, a leader of the Shetkari Sanghatna, said, \"In this context, water availability becomes much more challenging. If well water is to be used, after land division, there are frequent dispute over sharing of water. Though it looks trivial, it is very serious issue for farmers. One day delay in irrigating the crop can reduce yield.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387643", "title": "Cycling to spread light", "text": "LUDHIANA: A group of 12 cyclists paid tributes to martyrs Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev in a unique way. They cycled around and lighted candles near the statues of all the three.These cyclists started their trip from Sarabha Nagar market around 6.30 pm and moved on the Ferozepur road to the Jagraon bridge. We lighted candles near the statues of Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev, who are our ideals and inspiration, said 37-years-old Devinder Nagi, a school teacher, resident of Model Gram.From there, we moved towards the Jail road and lighted candles at Namdhari Shaheedi Smarak near civil hospital. After that we moved towards the Nau Ghara mohalla to the house of martyr Sukhdev Thapar, said 27-years-old businessman, Gagandeep Singh from BRS Nagar.These cyclists stopped for a while at the house of Sukhdev Thapar, lighted candles and started their journey back to Sarabha nagar. Cycling gives you a peace of mind. Just as you pedal, you know at least you are cutting down some pollution that cannot be reduced otherwise even by thousand speeches, said 38-years-old Parminder Singh, a businessman of Maharaj Nagar.Soni Verma, 14, a resident of Model Gram said, I had watched the movie Legend of Bhagat Singh with my father and since then I feel in love with all the three. When I came to know that we are going to Sukhdevs house, I just couldnt resist.This enthusiastic group of cyclists included people from all spheres of life, be it 19-years-old Jasman of Model Gram, 27-years-old businessman Digvijay Singh from South Model Gram, 12-years-old Anhad Panesar from SKS Nagar, 9-years-old Jaspratap Singh from Model Gram, 13-years-old Manav Mudgal from Deep Nagar, Ashnoor Sidhu, 16, from Bharat Nagar chowk, Himanshu Marjara, 30, from Vikas Nagar and 16-years-old Manny Panday from Krishna Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386509", "title": "UP Board: More than 5000 skip English, Chemistry examinations", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 5,098 students of UP Board High School and Intermediate did not appear for the English and chemistry papers on Friday. Meanwhile, four copycats were also caught. Total number of students using unfair means during exams were 23 in the region by the time of filing this report.Among the four copycats caught from centres in city, two were caught from Rajendra Prasad Inter College, while the other two were taking the test at Kisan Udyog Inter College. The 23 copycats caught in the region belonged to different adjoining areas. While 10 copycats were caught in Auraiyya, two were caught in Kannauj, three from Etawah and four from Ramabai Nagar. Invigilators at centres where guides and books were found kept in toilets and ventilators were discharged from duty.Meanwhile, according to the district education authorities, some dropout in examinees was expected as English and chemistry were toughest papers, but more than 5,000 absentees took everybody by surprise. Even the bonanza of 15 extra minutes offered by the Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad was not enough to bring all students to the examination hall.Meanwhile, various centres did not receive the English question papers till Friday morning but had to make do with photocopies. Later, the Board officials provided students with original question papers after an hour to the commencement of the exam.Meanwhile, the students who appeared in English examination of Class X claimed the question paper was easy but lengthy, while many said the grammar and comprehension portions were very tough as compared to the literature and writing ones.Similar words were echoed by the students of Class XII who had appeared for chemistry exam on Friday. According to the examinees, the equations and numerical in the chemistry paper were as expected but the theory portion was quiet unexpected and lengthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12386411", "title": "Jose Prakash selected for J C Daniel award", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Veteran film actor Jose Prakash has been selected for last year's J C Daniel award. This was announced by minister for cinema, K B Ganesh Kumar here on Friday.The award comprises cash worth Rs 1 lakh, citation and plaque. He was chosen for the award by a jury consisting of Sajan Peter, principal secretary, cultural affairs, Nedumudi Venu, director Sasikumar and Menaka Suresh. The award is instituted by the department of cultural affairs, Government of Kerala to honour film personas for their lifetime achievements and outstanding contributions to Malayalam cinema.Chief minister Oommen Chandy will present the award to an ailing Jose Prakash at his residence in Kochi on Saturday. Jose Prakash, who made his debut in 1951 in the film 'Sariyo Tetto' has over 300 films to his credit. His villainous roles in the films were lauded for their ruthlessness.A native of Kottayam, he is the son of K J Joseph and Eliyamma. Jose Prakash entered the film industry after giving up a job in military service. The variety of roles he played in a local drama troupe eventually paved his way to the film world. His latest role in Traffic, released last year, had received appreciation from the critics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12393844", "title": "Akhilesh for Metro, monorail in major UP cities", "text": "LUCKNOW: To ease traffic congestions in Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra and Varanasi, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav today asked officials to prepare a feasibility report for starting Metro, monorail and BRTS services, and expedite implementation of the second phase of Metro project in Ghaziabad.Yadav, who was reviewing the working of housing and urban planning department, asked the officials to prepare the report early, an official spokesman said.He favoured implementation of northern peripheral by-pass project in Ghazibad on the Public-Private Partnership mode at the earliest, besides implementing the second phase of metro project there, the spokesman said.Yadav directed for setting up an IT park in Lucknow to help youth get employment at the local level, besides asking for construction of flyover for dealing with the problem of traffic jams on the Lucknow-Kanpur national highway.The Chief Minister also directed to give shape to the Jai Prakash Narian International project in Gomti Nagar area of the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12393311", "title": "Aftab Shivdasani's the perfect bhai", "text": "It's celebration time in actor Aftab Shivdasani's home right now. Why? It's his sister Afsana Verma's birthday today.Playing the role of the perfect bhai to the hilt, Aftab wished Afsana at midnight. He followed it up with a fond message on a microblogging site where he wrote, \"Happy bday to my dearest sister @afsanaverma.. May god bless u with happiness always.. Love.\"But no sooner had Aftab wished his sister online that fans started showering greetings on his page for Afsana. By noon, Aftab's blog was quite flooded with fans wishing his sister the best of health and happiness throughout the year. So much so that the actor posted a thank you message to all his well-wishers on the blog. In fact, the actor also shared his schedule for the day with his fans online where he mentioned taking his sis out for some 'retail therapy' after he got his physiotherapy sessions done. Aftab wrote, \"Thank u all for the bday wishes for my sister. so today is dedicated to physiotherapy for me and retail therapy for my sister (sic).\"Significantly, the actor hasn't been keeping quite well since the past couple of months. After an accident during a cricket league, the actor was down with allergy a few days ago. Aftab, incidentally, had also posted on his blog about it. He wrote, \"Unexpected allergy so gonna pass out early.. have sneezed a few hundred times already..(sic).\" We sure wish you good health Aftab!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387096", "title": "WHO consensus: Don\u2019t use TDR-TB label", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not yet time to use the label of totally drug-resistant tuberculosis .This is the consensus that emerged on Friday at the World Health Organization's (WHO) special meeting in Geneva to discuss a new nomenclature for the new, severely drug-resistant TB forms emerging in parts of the world.The consensus, a day before World TB Day, also called for clinical trials of 'salvage drugs' (or compassionate drugs) which are a last-ditch therapy for patients now.Hinduja Hospital reported 12 cases of TDR-TB in January, triggering a worldwide debate on whether the TB bacillus had become deadlier and immune to known drugs. The hospital's research team, led by Dr Zarir Udwadia, published a letter in the 'Clinical Infectious Diseases' journal highlighting the plight of four patients who were on salvage therapy after TB drugs failed. The media then reported eight other cases, three of whom died.Dr Udwadia was invited to present his data at the WHO meeting, but the conclusion was categorical. \"There is currently insufficient evidence to adopt new case definitions for drug-resistant TB,'' said the WHO press release.Dr Udwadia told TOI on Friday that the very fact WHO has recognized that these new virtually untreatable types of TB exist is a step forward. \"Changing terminology and introducing a new term from MDR and then XDR to now TDR is a hugely difficult undertaking and has great implications at programmatic levels across the globe,'' he said.He added that many committee members felt, for various reasons--political and psycho-social--that TDR carried too many negative associations, was too final a descriptor, and carried a sense of hopelessness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388411", "title": "3 break-ins in a day, over Rs 8 lakh stolen", "text": "NASHIK: In a series of house beak-ins in the Nashik Road area of the city, cash and jewellery amounting to over Rs eight lakh were burgled within a matter of few hours on Thursday. Unidentified burglars robbed three flats in different areas of Nashik Road and decamped with large amounts of booty, leaving the police clueless.Pushpa Govardhane of Shiv Yashoda apartment on Datta Mandir road had left her house to go grocery-shopping at around 10.45am on Thursday morning. According to her complaint, when she returned home an hour later, jewellery roughly worth Rs 1.30 lakh and Rs 36,000 in cash were stolen from her flat. In a similar incident, Sanjay Amrutkar of Greenhood, Bytco Point had left his house for work that morning. When he returned home at around 4 pm, he found that jewellery worth Rs 1.31 lakh had been stolen .In the third incident, jewellery worth Rs 5,07,500 was burgled from a closed flat allegedly between 11.30pm and 12.15pm., Nashik Road police said. Police aded that a similar spate of break-ins had occurred in the same area in December 2011. According to investigations then, the thieves had presented themselves as respectable people who none would doubt. They would arrive in one lot in a car, park it on a nearby street and break into neighboring apartments and bungalows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386127", "title": "Second day of students\u2019 clashes at city hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: Students' clashes rocked the SSKM Hospital campus for the second consecutive day with supporters of Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) and Democratic Students' Organisation (DSO) coming to blows once again on Friday. The two groups had clashed on Thursday too.DSO supporters alleged that TMCP supporters had attacked them on both occasions. According to them, around 1.30 pm on Friday, a group of nearly 20 men raided the students' union room next to the anatomy building. Two DSO supporters, Angshuman Baichar and Joy Das, were allegedly beaten up by the group. The two injured students were discharged after treatment in the emergency department.Baichar said all those who raided were outsiders, except for Subhojit Dutta, a final-year student who is also the president of TMCP unit at SSKM. \"This medical college falls under the constituency of the chief minster who also holds the health and home portfolio. But it seems that the police and the administration are not keen on ensuring a peaceful and democratic election here,\" said Kabiul Hoque, the DSO treasurer.\"The TMCP is creating trouble so that the election date is deferred. That way they can buy some time to spark terror before the elections,\" alleged DSO leader Gouranga Pramanik.The DSO has been winning the students' union election in SSKM for three years. The TMCP started its unit in SSKM a couple of months back. Sources in the hospital fear that TMCP will try to wrest the union this time around while DSO will try to retain it. Hence, there is the possibility of more clashes in the run-up to the elections.\"The allegation by DSO is baseless,\" countered TMCP leader Sankha Panda. \"There is no question of TMCP supporters from outside sparking trouble on the SSKM campus.\"Panda also complained against the college authority's finalising the date of election without police consultation, which goes against a high court directive. \"We have written to the health secretary in this connection,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388083", "title": "Speeding driver kills man, escapes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four days after a youth was killed in a hit-and-run incident near Mohali, a 38-year-old waiter with Hotel Mountview, Dinesh Sharma, died after being run over on Thursday night.Sharma, who was on his two-wheeler, was hit by a speeding Hyundai Verna near the light point of sectors 36 and 37 around 12am. The car driver escaped from the spot leaving the victim to die on the road. A passerby, however, managed to note down a part of the registration number (CH-03Z) of his car.Sharma was rushed to Government Multi-speciality Hospital-16, but he succumbed to his injuries.Station house officer (SHO) of Sector 36 police station Sukhbir Rana said a case was registered based on victim's statement. It is not certain if the part of the registration number we have is correct, he added.Sharma, a native of Himachal Pradesh, was returning home after his night shift. He is survived by wife and two children. The body was handed over to his family after autopsy.On March 18, a 22-year-old motorcyclist Avtar Singh was killed and his friend Harkirant Singh was injured, when hit by a speeding car near Mohali. The negligent driver Malkeet Singh had escaped from the spot abandoning his damaged car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12387717", "title": "Man held for torturing wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 26-year-old man was arrested in the city on Thursday night for harassing his wife. Police said B Thilagavathi (24) of Kannamapalayam near Sulur, married S Saminathan of Thiruthangal in Madurai, a month ago.Saminathan worked as a daily wage labourer in a textile mill at Sulur and stayed with his wife in a rented house. After their marriage, he stopped working. Unable to run the family, Thilagavathi advised him to go to work. However, he refused and instead persuaded her to earn a living.When Thilagavathi refused, he got angry and beat her up. Unable to bear the torture, she went to her mother's house at Kannampalayam. When she returned to Sulur again, Saminathan started torturing her and demanded money for liquor. He beat her up when she refused his requests.On Thursday, she approached Sulur police station and lodged a complaint against Saminathan. Sub-inspector PA Arun has booked Saminathan under section 506(i) ( criminal intimidation) of IPC and under section 4 of prevention of Harassment of Women Act. Saminathan was arrested and has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12393111", "title": "Fashion makeover at PFMI '12", "text": "When an evening undergoes a Pantaloons fashion makeover, it becomes an extravaganzaTwenty magical transformations took place as a part of a fashion makeover contest by Pantaloons on March 17. The Styled by Pantaloons Femina Miss India contest unleashed a new persona for the ones who aspired to be in the limelight. Their enigmatic new looks were worked out by none other than the ravishing Pantaloons Femina Miss India 2012 finalists. Post this, the beauties also shared the ramp with their respective makeover models.Pantaloons began the hunt for the lucky makeover winners early this month. Thousands of entries poured in and limiting the number to 20 was quite a task. The afternoon of March 17 saw heightened activity in the Pantaloons store at Infiniti Mall, Malad as the PFMI 2012 finalists and the makeover winners busied themselves in picking the right look.The evening opened with the lovely PFMI finalists unveiling the Pantal-oons Spring/ Summer 2012 collection. The girls looked gorgeous in a mix of bright ensembles in beautiful prints and designs from the ethnic, casual, formal and party wear collections.The dashing Marc Robinson judged the event and quizzed the contestants and PFMI beauties on the looks they had created. The contest was co-judged by model Simran Kaur Mundi and designer Kunal Raval. A heart-winning performance by Shakti Mohan of Dance India Dance fame was an added highlight.The most stunning makeover was by Pantaloons Femina Miss India contestant Rochelle Rao for Priyanka Singh. Both ladies left the audience awestruck with their charm and walked away with the first position at the Styled by Pantaloons Femina Miss India contest. Vidhi Bharadwaj, who styled Tanvi Malpekar, grabbed the First Runner-Up position, while Sonampreet Bajwa, who decked up Shreya Podder, secured the Second Runner-Up position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387472", "title": "Opposition holds mock assembly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Congress MLAs, after being suspended for the day, organized a mock assembly in the corridors of the state assembly, near the office of chief minister Narendra Modi . The opposition members were suspended for the third consecutive day on Friday.The Congress continued with their demand of dismissal of two BJP MLAs, accusing them of watching porn in the house.In the mock assembly session, some Congress MLAs acted as treasury bench, wearing masks of the chief minister, speaker Ganpat Vasava, senior ministers Vaju Vala, Anandi Patel, Nitin Patel, Saurabh Patel and the two porngate accused MLAs Shankar Chaudhary and Jetha Bharwad, while on the other side suspended leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil, Arjun Modhwadia, Sidharath Patel played the role of opposition.The Congress raised various issues in the mock-assembly which included the issue of giving land to Adani and the suspension of Gohil. Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Pradeepsinh Jadeja raised the issue of mock assembly in the house. The speaker immediately instructed his security staff to stop the Congress MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12393704", "title": "China recognises Shahnaz Husain", "text": "BEIJING: Noted Indian herbal cosmetologist, Shahnaz Husain was presented China's prestigious award for Ayurvedic Innovation by the China Chamber of Commerce for Import &amp; Export of Medicines and Health Products (CCCMHPIE) at Shanghai.This is the first time the famous Indian Ayurveda beauty exponent has been accorded a recognition in China, setting the stage for her beauty products to make a big splash in the lucrative Chinese cosmetic market.The award was presented to her on the sidelines of the two day HEALTHPLEX EXPO being organised by the CCCMHPIE at Shanghai which ended today.The award is a recognition by a China, which has a strong ancient herbal medicine history to the strides we made in Ayurveda applications, Hussain told PTI here.\"We are two of the world's most ancient civlisations with extensive history of indigenous medicine. I am very proud to receive the award,\" she said. She also announced the formation of the Indo-Chinese traditional medicine congress which will meet once a year in China and India.The Chinese chapter will be inaugurated by the Chairman, CCMHPIE, Cui Bin on the 7th of December in India, while she would head the Indian chapter, Hussain said.She hoped that the award which is an official recognition of her work as well as products would enable them to gain access to vast Chinese markets.\"I have been asked to initiate the process to formally export our products to China,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387208", "title": "Corporation to replace 5,000 streetlights", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai will replace 5,000 defunct street lights in the expanded areas of the city immediately, an official press release said on Friday night.A report in TOI on Friday, 'Faulty streetlights the second biggest letdown after garbage ,' had said that the corporation's public grievance redressal (PGR) system received 12,609 complaints about on-the-blink streetlights in the last three years. It added that of the 2.21 lakh streetlights in 200 wards, at least 13,000 were on the blink.According to the release, tenders will be floated within 30 days for a 'smart streetlight monitoring system', announced in the recent budget. \"Under this system, lights will be turned on and turned off by remote control and officials will know when a particular group of street lights is not burning,\" said a senior official.\"The civic body will also replace all rusted street light poles in the extended areas within 45 days\", the official said. Besides, 30 hydraulic ladders will be purchased for electrical engineers in the field.In a bid to reduce power consumption, 25,000 solar lights will be installed within six months. \"Now, there are only 60 solar street lights in the city,\" the official said. The corporation will float tenders for energy saving lights in a week to replace high-consumption tubelights in some areas.\"We have decided not to buy any tubelights and this is expected to reduce electricity consumption by 25%, saving 36 lakh units a year,\" said a corporation official.Existing lights on bridges will be fitted with new devices within six months to help deliver constant output even during low voltage. A consultant to finalize the energy audit and energy accounting arrangement in the corporation will be identified with the help of the Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure Financial Services Limited.Of the 88,488 streetlights in the extended areas, including Tiruvottiyur, Manali, Madhavaram, Ambattur, Valasaravakkam, Alandur, Perungudi and Sholinganallur, 56,162 are tubelights. The corporation maintains 2.21 lakh streetlights which consume around 19MW every month, accounting for a power bill of 2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386202", "title": "Kanimozhi urges Delhi HC to quash 2G charges against her", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK MP Kanimozhi moved the Delhi High Court on Friday, seeking quashing of charges against her in the 2G spectrum allocation scam.Her petition is likely come up for hearing before Justice M L Mehta on March 26.Kanimozhi, along with sacked telecom minister A Raja, has been charged with criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust, forgery, accepting a bribe and abetting bribery by the CBI in the 2G scam .Seeking discharge in the case, the MP has argued she has been falsely implicated in the matter and there is no evidence of record that can justify the charges against her. \"There is not even an allegation that a single penny of the alleged bribe money has gone towards the personal account of the petitioner or has in any manner benefited her on a personal level,\" her petition said. It adds she was neither involved in allotment of licences for spectrum nor was she an office holder in Kalaignar TV but the CBI has still gone ahead and chargesheeted her.\"As per the CBI the alleged bribe money has been paid to Kalaignar TV between December, 2008, and August, 2009. During this phase the status of the petitioner was only that of a shareholder of 20 percent equity of the company and nothing more,\" her petition argued.The plea said that Kanimozhi has not taken part in any of the board meetings wherein decisions with respect to the alleged transaction were taken. Neither has she signed any of the agreements or documents pertaining to the same.\"The special judge has committed a grave error in law in framing a charge of 120B/420 IPC against the petitioner, as firstly, the decision not to auction 2G spectrum is based upon the TRAI recommendations dated August 28, 2007. And secondly, there is no evidence on record that the petitioner had anything to do with the same,\" the petition added.Kanimozhi is accused of being the \"active brain\" behind Kalaignar TV and having been in \"regular touch\" with Raja. The HC had granted her bail last November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386998", "title": "Gudi Padwa: Car, bike deliveries in top gear", "text": "MUMBAI: Gudi Padwa, which marks the beginning of the Hindu new year, witnessed a huge number of new cars and two-wheeler deliveries.Many booked vehicles on Friday for which the deliveries are expected by Saturday or Sunday morning.To cater to the massive rush for new car bookings, RTOs at Tardeo, Andheri and Wadala remained open throughout the day on Gudi Padwa, which was a government holiday.\"We have to issue RC books for several new vehicles, hence we are working overtime on a holiday. We don't want to disappoint Mumbaikars who look forward to purchasing new vehicles or two-wheelers,\" said a senior transport department official. \"We registered 540 cars and two-wheelers in the eastern suburbs in the last 24 hours and 300 a day earlier,\" an official from Wadala RTO said.The car showrooms witnessed over 80% sales compared to a normal day.\"It's an auspicious day in Maharashtra and our customers inform us in advance that they will accept deliveries on Gudi Padwa only,\" said Naseem Shaikh, an employee of a showroom in Ghatkopar.\"We have to work round the clock to ensure that all documents are ready and the registration number is assigned to our customer before the delivery date,\" he added.Vijay Kulkarni, who bought a brand new Swift, said \"This car will bring me luck since I have bought it on an auspicious day. It's a new beginning and I was eagerly waiting to drive my own car.\"Shreyas Gadgil, a collegian who got a new bike, added, \"I had decided more than a month ago to purchase a two-wheeler on this day.\"A showroom dealer said the number of cars purchased on Gudi Padwa has grown over the years. \"Currently, car loans are easily available. Once sanctioned by a bank, car dealers take the responsibility of ensuring that the vehicle is delivered on schedule. We have contacts in the RTO and get all documents processed at the earliest,\" the dealer added.A marketing executive from a Marine Lines showroom said, \"We are selling double the number of cars on this day. We will also keep our showroom open till night for new bookings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12394847", "title": "Teja confident about Neeku Naaku Dash Dash", "text": "Director Teja's last film Keka, released four summers ago in 2008. It did not do well but the expectations are riding high on his upcoming venture \" Neeku Naaku Dash Dash\".The maverick director who burst on to the scene with blockbusters like Chitram, Jayam, Nijam and Nuvv Nenu is confident of repeating the success with this movie. \"It is an action packed love story set in the backdrop of liquor syndicates. It is a typical commercial entertainer loaded with action, emotion, drama, adventure and entertainment. I have tried something that has never been tried before in Telugu cinema and I am confident that it will strike a chord with the audiences,\" says Teja. Prince and Nanditha, both first timers are playing the lead in this film which features 42 newcomers. They are all Telugu speaking actors short listed from eighty thousand applications screened from all corners of the state. Will have to wait and see if the maverick director can regain his midas touch with this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387457", "title": "2 killed in accident, mob ransacks police station", "text": "PATNA: Police burst several rounds of teargas shells on Friday to disperse an irate mob which attacked the Mahua police station in Vaishali and burnt several documents, a motorcycle and furniture besides damaging over a dozen other vehicles parked on its campus.Mahua PS inspector Anjani Kumar sustained injuries in the incident.The mob laid siege to the police station in protest against the killing of Barai Sahni and his daughter Jyoti Kumari in a road accident on Mahua main road late on Thursday night.Police said a mob assembled in front of Mahua police station with the bodies and laid siege to the police station. They damaged the main gate of the police station and burnt some documents and furniture on its premises. They also set ablaze a motorcycle and damaged over a dozen vehicles parked there. When situation got out of control, police used anti-riot vehicle Vajra and burst teargas shells to disperse the mob.SP Upendra Kumar Sinha said four persons had been arrested in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12385557", "title": "Fare rollback may hit state projects", "text": "KOLKATA: Railway minister Mukul Roy's decision to roll back suburban, general second class and sleeper class fares will cost the ministry dear, officials said. His decision to scuttle Dinesh Trivedi's proposal to create new posts of member (PPP/marketing) and member ( safety/research) in the Railway Board will also have an adverse impact on projects in West Bengal, they believe.A glance through the Traffic Plan proposed by Trivedi in his budget reveals that he had hoped to earn Rs 36,073 crore from passenger traffic in 2012-13 as compared to Rs 28,800 crore in 2011-12. This was a quantum jump of over 25%. Of the total earnings from passenger traffic, Rs 33,820 crore was to come from non-suburban passengers. While ACIII tier passengers were to contribute nearly Rs 5,050 crore, Sleeper Class passengers were to provide nearly Rs 9,196 crore. The contribution from general second class passengers was estimated to be nearly Rs 15,533 crore.\"In comparison, the contribution from ACI passengers will be Rs 490.15 crore and from those travelling by ACII tier, it will be nearly Rs 2,376 crore. This shows that the railways' revenue will come down substantially due to the rollback. After all, only about three million passengers are expected to travel in ACI in 2012-13 as compared to 306 million in ACIII tier,\" an official said.By raising suburban fares by a mere 2 paise per km, Trivedi was hopeful of earning nearly Rs 306 crore. He was hoping to earn Rs 1,200 crore by raising sleeper class fares by 5 paise per km and nearly Rs 196 crore by increasing general second class fares by 3 paise per km. All these figures are based on the Traffic Plan prepared by the railways ministry. From ACIII tier passengers, Trivedi was expecting to raise Rs 511.4 crore by a mere increase of 10 paise per km.\"Now, we are only left with ACI and ACII tier passengers. If the estimates prepared by the Railway Board are assumed to be correct, there will be only 1,644 million ACI and 16,167 million ACII tier passenger kms. From ACI passengers we can merely earn an additional Rs 49 crore in spite of a 30 paise per km fare hike. From ACII tier passengers, we can earn only Rs 242.50 crore additionally,\" another official said.If all the figures are to be collated, it will become clear that Trivedi had expected to earn an additional Rs 2,504 crore from passengers without putting too much of a burden on them. By rolling back the four lower brackets, Roy now stands to earn only an additional Rs 291.5 crore. Trivedi's plans were to earn nearly 10 times as much as Roy can hope to do from passengers alone.\"We suspect that it will be the same picture all across. The new railways minister may have spoken of earnings from other sources but experience has shown that such projects are not easy to handle. The railways had problems with the PPP plans and Trivedi had proposed a new member in the Railway Board to take the projects forward. Even the coach factory at Kanchrapara and other projects in West Bengal would have benefitted,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12387682", "title": "Mumbra clash injures 6 cops, disrupts Central Railway", "text": "THANE: Clashes between police and miscreants in Mumbra left six cops injured while a police jeep and a couple of motorcycles were damaged.The trouble began around noon when locals found remnants of fire crackers burst at a function on Thursday contained pieces of papers from a religious text. Irate mobs lobbed stones at police jeeps which arrived at the scene to defuse the situation.The mobs also blocked the railway tracks for close to two hours, compelling Central Railway authorities to divert slowmoving trains on to the fast tracks. Police subsequently fired four rounds in the air and also lobbed tear gas shells near the Amrut Nagar area.Police officials said the case of the firecrackers will be investigated and the organizers will be questioned about the shop from where they purchased the crackers. No arrest have been made so far, it is learnt. The situation was normal by evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12387324", "title": "High Court comes to aid of woman hit by vehicle", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday upheld an order of the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Thanjavur awarding compensation to a woman who was hit by a police vehicle and thereby sustaining grievous injuries.On March 4, 2006, Thangapappa of Thanjavur was walking on the extreme left side of the road, when a police vehicle came in a rash and negligent manner and hit her. Due to the impact, she sustained grievous injuries on her right hand. Hence, she filed a petition in the Thanjavur court claiming Rs two lakh as compensation.However, the police department said as per the accident register issued by the hospital authorities, she had sustained injuries in an accident while she was travelling in a mini-door autorickshaw. The register claimed that she had protruded her hands outside the auto when a four-wheeler came and hit her. The police also said that the accident occurred while she was walking on the road is false.However, the CJM, Thanjavur concluded the accident occurred only due to the rash and negligent driving of the driver of the police vehicle. Aggrieved over the same, the present appeal has been filed by the police department seeking to review on the compensation.Disposing the petition, Justice R Subbiah said there is no infirmity in the finding of the tribunal. Rejecting a submission of that the driver of the department is not responsible for the accident, the judge pointed that the charge-sheet has been filed only as against the driver of the police vehicle.The tribunal had awarded a sum of Rs 44,400 under the head of disability, it has awarded another sum of Rs 6,000 for three injuries and another sum of Rs 5,000 towards grievous injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12387360", "title": "Three posing as cops and duping people held", "text": "MADURAI: Three persons, impersonating as policemen to dupe gullible people were arrested in the city on Friday. The trio had deceived many people and took away their cash.Police said that Pothiraja (56), a trader from Sivanthipuram in Virudhunagar had visited Simmakkal in Madurai to purchase goods for his shop few days back. When he was walking along North Masi Street with cash to the tune of Rs one lakh, a man approached Pothiraja and introduced himself as a police inspector. The man then told Pothiraja that the police suspected he was in possession of counterfeit currency and that they wanted to inquire him. The man took Pothiraja to an isolated spot where two more men were waiting in an auto rickshaw. The two, who also posed as policemen grabbed the cash from Pothiraja in the garb of checking its authenticity.Few minutes later, they handed over the cash and let Pothiraja leave the place stating that the currency was counterfeit. However, only later did Pothiraja realise that his cash was lesser by Rs 40,000. In a similar manner, the gang had also duped Kannan of Palanganatham and stole away his cash. Both had lodged police complaints.Police zeroed in Harikrishnan also Arumugam (42) of Thideer Nagar, his relative Ganapathy (28), an autodriver and Raja Desingh (44), a native of R V Nagar in Dindigul. Police also recovered Rs 54,000 from the trio and seized the auto rickshaw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387303", "title": "Court stays Mihan rail terminal job to CONCOR", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) which is looking to revive the cargo hub business in Mihan, could finally find an investor but not without fresh controversy. As MADC auctioned land for setting up a rail terminal here, Container Corporation of India (CONCOR), a subsidiary of Railways, has emerged as the lone bidder.CONCOR has been allotted 66 acres of land at 1 crore an acre, and the decision has been endorsed by MADC's board on Thursday. However, on Friday itself Nagpur Sical Gupta Road Terminal Ltd (NSGRTL), secured a court stay till April 7.This company had earlier bagged the contract to set up the rail as well as road terminal in Mihan, although the work did not take off with both MADC and NSGRTL trading charges of non-cooperation and backing out on promises. NSGRTL says that eventually the project became unviable for which it blames MADC. The latter, on the other hand, questions the seriousness of NSGRTL in going ahead with the job.The very concept of Mihan, which stands for multimodal, international cargo hub and airport at Nagpur, (Mihan) is based on setting up infrastructure to facilitate, movement of cargo through rail, road as well as air. For this a facility like road and rail terminal is essential. However, due to several reasons, the core idea had taken a back seat and the special economic zone (SEZ) coming up in the adjoining area got a priority.MADC had invited bids for the rail terminal a couple of months ago. Although a road terminal was also planned to be built simultaneously, MADC decided to do it later, again due to an objection by NSGRTL. As MADC went ahead with terminating contract with NGSRTL citing non-payment of rent as reason, the latter decided to evoke the arbitration clause in the deal over the road terminal.Now, the company says the contract has been wrongfully allotted to CONCOR. MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan confirmed both the developments. He said CONCOR was expected to start work as soon as the formalities were over. About litigation, he said a status quo has been ordered and MADC will have to reply by April 7.The company's stance is that although the contract was allotted to NSGRTL, it did not make the requisite payment to take over the land. As a result it was decided to go-head with the fresh contract.The CEO of NSGRTL Ashok Mundhara said the land could not be taken over as MADC had not acquired it at all. \"The contract was allotted in 2006 and the land was acquired in 2009. By this time the portion was excluded from the SEZ, taking away tax benefits. Moreover, companies projected to be starting operations in Mihan did not come up too. NSGRTL wanted a deal on fresh terms to which MADC did not respond,\" he told TOI. He said the company was still ready to go-ahead with the project provided there were conducive conditions.However, earlier this firm had maintained that the project was given up on the grounds that it would be a dead investment due to lack of industries in SEZ.Mundhara said both road and rail terminal were complementary to each other and could not be developed in exclusivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12385679", "title": "Taxi driver stabbed at Morjim", "text": "MAPUSA: Taxi driver Gaja Shetgaonkar, 34, of Muradiwada in Morjim was allegedly stabbed by one Anton Paul Britto of Ashvem on Friday evening.According to the police, while Shetgaonkar was travelling towards Morjim in his tourist taxi. Britto came on his motorcycle and blocked Shetgaonkar by halting in the middle of the road at Mungawada-Kancholem in Morjim, .Britto allegedly got off his motorcycle and attacked Shetgaonkar with a chopper through the open window of his car. Shetgaonkar suffered a chopper hit on his chest and on his hand while defending himself. He later came out of car and ran in to the fields, however, after covering a distance of 50m he fell to the ground after in the pool of blood. Shetgaonkar was shifted to Goa Medical College and Hospital, Bambolim, where his condition is said to be stable. Britto later surrendered before the Pernem police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12386370", "title": "All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union hardens stand against Naga People's Front", "text": "ITANAGAR: The All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) called upon the elected representatives of the state to give a befitting reply to the Naga Peoples' Front (NPF), which had clearly spelt out its main agenda of a greater Nagalim in its party constitution.The NPF, a Nagaland-based party, was launched in Arunachal recently. \"The elected representatives of the state should resolve their differences and give a befitting reply to the nefarious designs of the NPF by passing a resolution in the ongoing assembly session,\" Aapsu president Takam Tatung said in a communique on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386463", "title": "19-year-old girl commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A 19-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself under Panki police station area on Thursday night. The girl was identified as Puja, daughter of Satya Pal, an assistant at IG zone office and a resident of Gangaganj Panki area. Puja was a BA second year student.Her family members said that she was very tensed as she had performed badly in one of her papers in the ongoing university exams. The police said the body of the deceased was found hanging in a room of her house by her parents on Friday morning. According to Puja's parents, she was pursuing her graduation from a local degree college. She had always been a good student and had willingly chosen to study arts. She was under pressure for the last couple of days, but they didn't think that it would lead her to this extent,\" said a police official at Panki police station.On Thursday night, after having her dinner, she straightaway went into her room and locked the door from inside. She later hanged herself from the ceiling with her dupatta. The incident came to light on Friday morning when other house inmates repeatedly knocked on her door. \"Her parents and siblings knocked on her door several times, but she did not open. They later broke open the door and saw Puja hanging,\" said police. No suicide note was recovered from her room, but according to her friends, she was under stress over her bad performance in exam. Police sent the body for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387057", "title": "Headless, Tamil Nadu rights panel in limbo", "text": "CHENNAI: Headless for more than six months, and functioning with just two recently appointed members, the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) is not exactly in the pink of health.The sluggish performance of the human rights body is evident from the fact that the number of its suo motu activities has come down, a former member said. \"Its silence in the aftermath of the encounter killing of five suspected bank dacoits in Chennai was deafening. It was left to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to initiate suo motu proceedings. Despite wide media coverage of another encounter killing in Dindigul and the near-lynching of a man near Velachery, the SHRC has remained mum.\"As per Section 21 of the Protection of Human Rights Act 1993, a state commission shall be headed by a chairperson who is ordinarily a former chief justice of a high court. Of the remaining four members, one shall be a retired judge of a high court and the other, a retired district judge from the state concerned. Two other members shall have knowledge or practical experience in matters relating to human rights.But the SHRC in Tamil Nadu has only two members at present. While I K Baskaran fulfils the norm of having one retired district judge as a member, former IAS officer Jayanthi has been appointed in one of the two vacancies meant for persons with 'knowledge or practical experience in matters relating to human rights.' The last chairperson, Justice A S Venkatachalamoorthy, retired in August 2011.The appointment procedure, though, is easier said than done. As per Section 22 of the Act, the chairperson and other members shall be appointed by the governor on the advice and recommendation of a four-member committee comprising the chief minister, who shall be the chairman of the panel, and the assembly speaker, home minister and the leader of the opposition.\"In Tamil Nadu, the chief minister holds the home portfolio too. Can she cast two votes in the selection of SHRC chairperson or members? Also, given the current political climate, is there a possibility of a meeting between the chief minister and DMDK leader Vijayakanth, who is the leader of the opposition? These issues would delay the consultation and the appointment process,\" a former member said.In the absence of a chairperson, the SHRC activities do not necessarily come to a grinding halt, because Section 25 says that a member could be notified by the government to discharge the functions of the chairperson. \"It is not known whether this formality has been completed or not,\" said an SHRC official.The SHRC in TN has only two members at present, in place of the required five. Retired district judge I K Baskaran and former IAS officer Jayanthi are the two members. The last chairperson retired in August 2011", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12387734", "title": "Erratic power cuts prompt people to opt for solar energy", "text": "COIMBATORE: With no answers to the power crisis in the district, more people and industries are opting for alternative sources of energy. The manufacturers of solar panels have been witnessing a dramatic increase in sales in recent months. \"We did not expect a 100% increase in sales, considering the cost of solar panels,\" said K Muthumani, proprietor of Omega Solar in Uppilipalayam, Coimbatore. People are beginning to realize the importance of green energy , he said. Besides, they are fed up with the power cuts, he added.Until a few years ago, the cost of a solar panel was exorbitant. Not many people resorted to solar energy then as they felt the return on investment would not be worth the wait. However, the recent power crisis has forced many to look at solar energy as an option. People are more willing to invest in a panel that would produce 500 watts of energy to light residences, said Muthumani.Earlier, the panel for each watt cost Rs200. But today, the price has come down to as low as Rs80, said R Gautam, proprietor of Next Generation of Solar Solutions. \"People invested in solar water heaters, but the demand for panels was minimal. We used to sell 100 watts per month, but now we sell about 500 watts every day for residential use. Industries purchase anywhere between 1,000 watts and 20 kilo watts of energy,\" he said.Photovoltaic cells are imported from Germany. Cheaper versions are imported from China. The panels are assembled and marketed here. With the extended power cuts, Muthumani said that the UPS has not been very useful. However, he revealed that the UPS can be charged with solar energy.\"I was having sleepless nights and was upset with the erratic power supply,\" said R Palanisamy, a retired veterinarian and resident of Kamraj Nagar, who has opted for solar energy. To light four LED bulbs, four fans and nine CFL bulbs, 300 watts are needed. This would cost Rs1.2 lakh, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385897", "title": "Enrica Lexie firing a terrorist act, says high court", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court observed on Friday that the alleged shooting of two Indian fishermen by Italian marines aboard Enrica Lexie was an act of terrorism. \"As far as victims are concerned, their relatives are concerned, as far as Indians are concerned it's a terrorist act,\" Justice PS Gopinathan observed.The observation was in response to the petition seeking release of the Italian ship and to senior counsel VJ Mathew's contention that the captain and the crew have to be declared terrorists if Suppression of Unlawful Activities Act was to be invoked.The court also observed that the fishermen were unarmed and the shooting happened without prior warning.Without any message, without any signal, without any warning, they were shot at, and they were unarmed. In the normal course, there should be a telescope in the vessel. Is it not so? Even if they take a pin, you can see from your vessel,\" the judge said in response to the ship counsel's argument.Meanwhile, advocate general KP Dandapani submitted to the court that the ship could be released on Wednesday or Thursday, after receiving the report from the forensic science laboratory.The court observed that the state government is not seizing the ship nor is it allowing it to leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12387480", "title": "Congress destabilizing government: BJP", "text": "RANCHI: The zero hour in the state assembly was disturbed for around 15 minutes on Friday following heated exchange between the ruling and opposition members after former deputy chief minister Raghuvar Das of the BJP alleged that the Congress was trying to destabilize the government.\"The Congress has the habit of destabilizing a government and capturing the power by remote control. If one goes through the history of Indian politics, he will accept that whatever I have said is correct. The latest example is the efforts made by the Congress leaders to destabilize Arjun Munda-led government by making false promises to our ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM),\" Das said.Reacting sharply to Das's statement, almost all Congress MLAs, led by leader of the opposition Rajendra Prasad Singh, walked into the well of the house and demanded an unconditional apology.\"We have not offered the chief minister's post to the JMM and my visit to the residence of Shibu Soren a couple of days back because of personal relation. We have no intention to form government in Jharkhand,\" Singh said adding that they were aware that any act to topple government in March would jeopardize development as it is the last month of current fiscal.Opposition leaders could not counter the questions raised by the ruling party on what transpired between Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay and JMM legislators Simon Marandi at former's residence.\"We know that the Congress leaders don't have answer to our allegation because they had done the same thing and toppled the NDA government in 2006 and made Madhu Koda, an Independent MLA, the chief minister. Today Koda along with his cabinet colleagues are in jail and facing trial in corruption cases,\" said Das.The ruling alliance also blamed the Congress for tarnishing the image of the JMM chief by dragging his name into the alleged scam in auctioning coal blocks. \"Soren was Union coal minister for a very short span and the decision on auctioning coal blocks was taken by a group of ministers. By dragging the name of Soren, the Congress is trying to create pressure on the JMM,\" said a BJP legislator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387619", "title": "Cabin crew skips work, but Air India says no flight hit", "text": "MUMBAI: About 600 Air India flight attendants based in Mumbai refused duty on Friday and the impact was felt on the airline's international flight schedules, said an Air India cabin crew member. For the last three days, a section of the airline's cabin crew has been off duty in protest against delay in payment of sustenance allowance.The Air India spokesperson though denied that the protest had affected flights. \"There were no delays or disruption of flights,'' the spokesperson said. Late in the evening, the protesting group sent a mail to the airline chairman saying that they will rejoin duty if the airline foots the bills for their meals when they are stationed abroad. \"We are willing to cooperate provided we were allowed to sign for all our meals and ancillaries at all outstations gratis till the company is in position to pay our dues,'' said the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12393748", "title": "India concerned over security of Pakistan's nuclear programme", "text": "SEOUL: Ahead of the Nuclear Security Summit here next week, India today voiced concerns over Pakistan's nuclear programme saying it has \"very little confidence\" on the capabilities of its western neighbour on securing its atomic assets.\"We have very little confidence that their nuclear programs are secure or will stay safe,\" sources said when asked about the security of atomic materials in Pakistan.The possibility of \"insider threat\" was the prime concern among the Indian establishment and building capacities would be the key element in India's pitch at the Nuclear Security Summit which begins here on Monday.\"The real problem is the insider threat,\" the sources said talking about Pakistan's nuclear programme.The sources cautioned that the fissile material could get into the hands of terrorists, who could use it to make dirty bombs.They said an insider could be a person having legitimate reason to hold and control nuclear materials but who could also do the same for illegitimate purposes.Multilateral meetings, like the Nuclear Security Summit, help in building capacities and building cooperation with countries but each country needs to shoulder the responsibility of protecting its own nuclear assets.Concerns over nuclear security have heightened, particularly in the wake of the Fukushima accident, as officials fear that fissile material from such crippled reactors could fall in wrong hands if proper steps were not taken to secure it.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is expected to unveil before the Summit the steps India has taken to tackle challenges of nuclear terrorism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12387343", "title": "'Bring a human touch in every business'", "text": "MADURAI: 'Let there be humanity in whatever business you do' was the piece of advice rendered to young entrepreneurs by actor R Parthiban, as he delivered the valedictory address in YESCON - 2012 organised by the Young Entrepreneur School of Tamil Nadu Chamber Foundation here on Friday.\"Being righteous in profession and life will give you a positive ego which is beyond any luxury,\" he told the entrepreneurs. He also urged them not to be taken aback by initial failures. He added that though he did not possess all the qualities required to be an actor, he learnt them only by his efforts and hard work. Passion and hard work will always yield success, Parthiban said.V Neethi Mohan, chairman of YES said that the event was organised with the intention of learning through participation. There are 600 members in YES, with chapters in Madurai, Chennai, Ramanathapuram, Dindigul and Sivakasi. \"For young entrepreneurs, the day provided an opportunity to get acquainted with and meet counterparts from other places. Though many come into business, they need certain skill sets to succeed in business. YESCON is an event to learn such qualities. We also held lot of competitions for entrepreneurs about the necessary skills required in business,\" Neethi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12387449", "title": "Chas to get power stations", "text": "BOKARO: The Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) is set to install power stations in the Chas area of the district to provide power to various consumers like the steel plant, collieries and other business establishments.M Sharma, the deputy chief engineer of the DVC, has met DC Sunil Kumar and DCLR Sandeep Kumar and sought 15-20 acres in Telgaria or Pindrajora area for setting up the project. He said the DVC was prepared to set up 220/132 KV power station in Chas. The initiative has been taken by DVC, keeping in mind the growing demand of consumers, with several companies coming up in the area. A few weeks ago, in a meeting with principal secretary of the state electricity department Vimal Kirti Singh, the Bokaro Chamber of Commerce and Industries, Sanjay Vaid, chairperson, Chas Municipal Corporation, Ganga Bhalotia, industrialists had demanded adequate power supply in Chas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390872", "title": "Design Scholarships", "text": "Domus Academy and Nuova Accademia di Belle Arti (NABA), Milan , Italy, are inviting Indian designers and students to submit applications for five scholarships worth US$ 60,000 from NABA to pursue undergraduate studies in art and design starting in October. The institutes offer courses in art and design including visual arts, graphic, fashion, business, accessories, interior, architectural, car, multimedia, interaction, film and new media, and photography.The international scholarship competition will grant 33 winners globally, an opportunity to pursue postgraduate studies in Domus Academy beginning September, when it will launch two new Master's programmes, marketing of luxury goods and visual brand design. The total scholarships are worth over rupees two crore (US$ 400,000).Marc Ledermann, CEO, Domus Academy and NABA, says, \"We want them (Indian students) to come to Italy and enrich the student experience in our campuses and bring back their knowledge and expertise to India and be able to anticipate the needs and trends of a society that is culturally, economically, and socially evolving.\"Aspirants who are interested in submitting applications for the scholarships must fulfill, among others, the admission requirements for each university. For details on the competition, requirements and deadlines, email suchin.sawhney@laureatedesign.it", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387322", "title": "Mystery over music teacher\u2019s \u2018death\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Blood stains splattered across the place and also on the bed and clothes in a rented room at Raj Nagar in Sadar have left the cops with a tricky situation. The room was occupied by a 23-year-old guitarist and music teacher, employed with a well-known school, until he went missing on March 20.Rajan Daniel Lal, a native of MP, was learnt to be depressed over a failed relationship and financial instability. Police also found a note, penned behind a receipt of an upmarket store at Ramdaspeth, that said he wanted God to forgive him. Another request before the God was found appealing for acceptance in heaven. A knife purchased from the same store was also found in the room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387700", "title": "Fatewadi kidnap bid: Cops scan bank account", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after the local residents at Fatewadi nabbed a woman allegedly trying to kidnap a four-year-old boy in an autorickshaw, the investigating officials charged her with abduction. Cops found a bank passbook and other goods at her residence near Vishala Circle.According to police, Saleja Alal Mondal, 55, a native of Hatra village in Chhota Dhuliya district of West Bengal, who lives in huts near Vishala Circle in the city, was produced in the court for remand application late on Friday evening.\"On Friday, we searched her dwelling from where we found a bank passbook and her belongings. One of the cotton bags had chocolates and chewing gums that she used to distribute amongst children. We have sent samples for forensic examination to know whether it contains any drug. Interestingly, her passbook shows entry of Rs 5,000 transferred to her son in West Bengal,\" said R K Patel, deputy superintendent of police, Sarkhej division.\"While we have no major evidence against her, she is not out of suspicion. She conceals more than what she says. Meanwhile, we have questioned other members of her group on the issue,\" police said. Police have also sent a sim card found from her for forensic examination. Saleja was nabbed by local residents at 10 am on Thursday when she allegedly tried to abduct Ishan Pileja from near Moden Duplex in Fatewadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12387937", "title": "I-T dept swoops down on builders, architects", "text": "SURAT: The investigation wing of income tax (I-T) department on Thursday started a search and seizure operation on real estate groups and well-known architects in the city.About 150 I-T sleuths from Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Valsad swooped down on 23 premises belonging to two leading real estate developers and two well-known architects.Official sources said the investigation wing of Surat I-T had been gathering information on the leading real estate groups and architects for the past few days. The real estate groups have been developing a series of commercial and residential projects in city's Puna, Varachha, Pal, Althan, City Light and Vesu areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12394237", "title": "Shehla Masood murder: CBI conducts lie-detection test on BJP MLA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI today conducted a lie- detection test on BJP MLA from Bhopal , Dhruv Narayan Singh, in connection with the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood.Singh underwent the test for several hours today at the Central Forensic Science Laboratory here as the previous attempt of the CBI to carry out polygraph test on him remained inconclusive on March 19, sources in the probe agency said.The agency asked him a series of questions related to his purported relationship with Masood and accused Zahida Parvez, besides whether he knew about the murder plan allegedly hatched by the latter.Unlike the last attempt when physical parameters of Singh started to fluctuate, he remained calm and composed during the session, they said.The CBI might call Singh again for the lie-detection test if the results did not prove satisfactory, they said.CBI sources had said that the MLA is \"not completely off-radar\" in the case. However, the agency has not got any evidence which points to his role in the murder of the 38-year-old activist.Singh had given consent to undergo lie-detection test before a special court in Indore.During the probe, the CBI had found that accused Zahida Parvez had \"very close relations\" with the MLA, and resented his closeness with Masood, they said. Parvez is currently in judicial custody.While analysing call details of Parvez and her friend and another accused Saba Farooqui, sleuths came across some calls made purportedly to a close aide of Singh soon after Masood was murdered on August 16 last year outside her house in Koh-e-Fiza locality in Bhopal. Farooqui is also in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12381826", "title": "Salman Khan, Jackie Chan to share screen space", "text": "Good things seem to be happening to Salman Khan. Everything he's turning seems to be touching into gold, and now if talks are to be believed he may be sharing screen space with Jackie Chan.News has it that Aascar Ravichandran is keem to make a film - reportedly a sequel to the Chan-starrer 'Armour of God' - and has approached Salman Khan to be a part of it. Supposed to be a multi-lingual, Aascar is even eager to get Kamal Haasan on board for this one.Apparently, the filmmaker has been in talks with Jackie Chan since 2004 when the actor was in India shooting for 'The Myth'. Jackie Chan had heard about Bollywood then, and was keen to be a part of Indian cinema.If all goes well, this movie will be a big-budget project promising a larger than life experience. Well, let's see how unique this 'Armour' eventually becomes.With the potentiality of Salman Khan, Jackie Chan and Kamal Haasan contributing to it, it already looks heavy-weight!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12386523", "title": "Buy an umbrella; help these students make a living", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: This monsoon will see a new entrant into the umbrella market in the city. Umbrellas made by the inmates of Sri Chitra Home for Destitute &amp; Infirm are likely to hit the market by June.It was at a five-day workshop conducted by the Central Polytechnic, Vattiyoorkavu, 20 girls of the Home were given training in the craft of umbrella making. The girls picked up the art of umbrella making pretty fast and now the store room of Sree Chithra Home has a pile of umbrellas neatly stacked one above the other.\"I was interested in learning the craft,\" said an excited Asha S, a 19-year-old inmate who took part in the workshop. More girls joined work after watching their seniors. \"I was curious whenever I saw the older girls stitching the umbrella. So, I began to sit with them and learned the skill,\" said Malu S, another inmate who is also a plus one student of Karthika Thirunal Girl's High School.\"We plan to open a small outlet close to the Home to sell umbrellas,\" said Aleyamma Varghese, superintendent of Sri Chitra Home. The product has already got a few takers in the form of doctors who visit the Home for weekly check ups and other staff. A tourist couple who visited the Home while the workshop was in progress also bought a couple of umbrellas. The umbrellas are priced at Rs 200 (two-fold) and 230 (three-fold).At present, a five-day workshop on bed sheet and sari printing is going on for the inmates. Fifteen girls are participating in the workshop, organized by Central Polytechnic, Vattiyoorkavu .The materials required for the workshops have been provided by the polytechnic authorities. Certificates will be issued to all participants who will successfully complete the training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387577", "title": "Protesting jewellers try Gandhigiri", "text": "LUDHIANA: Jewellers took the Gandhigiri route on Friday to protest the rise in excise and consumer tax. Hundreds of them gathered near the Fountain Chowk and setting up hoardings of Sonia Gandhi , prime minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , they lit incense in front of these hoardings and also put garlands on them.Anand Sikri, president of Ludhiana Jewellers Association and owner of Anand Jewellers said, Consumer tax, excise on unbranded jewellery and customs duty on gold have left us no option but to protest. Sikri added that the protest was joined by jewellers from Raikot, Jagraon, Machiwara, Mullanpur, Samrala and Khanna.Kamal Dhanda, vice-president Punjab Sarafa Association and owner of Maha Lakshmi Jewellers, We are not going to end our protest until the government rolls back its decision of levying these taxes. We will meet again on Saturday at 11.30 am and then decide the next course of action. If the government does not listen to our demands we will go on an indefinite strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12391256", "title": "Allu Sirish celebrates his Twitter birthday!", "text": "Everyone celebrates birthdays. But producer Allu Sirish, who is soon turning to acting like his brother Allu Arjun, is celebrating his Twitter birthday today.\"Its my Twitter bday 2day. Been exactly 3 years since I joined. Had a blast being here. Met so many interesting ppl, learnt so much :)\" (sic) Sirish posted.With 78,790 followers, Sirish seems to be a hit online. He, however, follows only 35 people. And with celebs taking to microblogging sites to promote their films, share their life with fans and make a connection with followers, it is only obvious that Sirish is taking his online profile seriously.Son of well-known producer in the Telugu film industry, Allu Aravind, Sirish is geared up to step into his brother's shoes and take on acting. Interestingly, Sirish's Twitter profile status reads, '...Jack of all trades, master of a few. :)'Though nothing has been finalized yet, according to a source close to Sirish, he will be making his debut in Tamil with the remake of the Telugu film \" 100 % Love\". This 2011 film, starring Naga Chaitanya and Tamanna, was produced by Sirish's father Allu Aravind and directed by Sukumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12385740", "title": "Dowry harassment case registered against PSI", "text": "PANAJI: The Calangute police on Wednesday, registered a case of alleged dowry harassment against a police sub inspector for demanding cash from his wife. The case has been registered against PSI Terence Vaz, attached to the police control room at Panaji, under Section 498 (A) of the IPC.Police said, Vaz's wife met DGP Kishan Kumar and complained to him that since the last two years her husband has been harassing her and demanding dowry. She said she is related to Vaz and the family had arranged their marriage. The couple also has a son from the marriage.\"We have registered the case and investigations are in progress. We are looking into each and every aspect of the case,\" said the Calangute police.This is not the first time that PSI Vaz is in the midst of a controversy. The PSI came under fire in the Utkarsha Parab kidnapping case, which generated much heat in the Goa assembly. The then opposition leader Manohar Parrikar had demanded the immediate suspension of Vaz, who was then posted at the Valpoi police station, for negligence of duty.Raising the issue during zero hour in the assembly, Parrikar said it was irresponsible on the part of the police officials to treat the kidnapping case casually. Criticizing the police, Parrikar had said that the PI and PSI Vaz should have arrested the culprit who was responsible for kidnapping Utkarsha from a higher secondary school. He also said that they delayed the investigations into the case and asked for some documents regarding the age of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386024", "title": "\u2018Fewer rail accidents in NER\u2019s Lucknow division\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: The accident at unmanned level crossing on Tuesday which killed 16 people and left three injured, could have taken place for several reasons. The vehicle meant for eight people was overloaded with 23 people.The railway authorities are looking into the causes of accident. One of the major possibilities could be that the driver tried to move back the vehicle on seeing the train, but as unmanned level crossings have a gradient, the vehicle stopped and the collision took place. The accidents at unmanned level crossings are a big concern for the railways.However, talking about the annual performance of Lucknow division of North Eastern Railway (NER), Lucknow DRM V K Yadav said the division has performed well on safety issues. The current financial year reported a single consequential accident which happened at an unmanned level crossing. Last year, the division had reported three consequential accidents.The consequential train accidents are the ones which lead to death or grievous injuries, severe damage to railway property or disruption of railway traffic for a considerable time period. This year, the division did not report any derailments. Lucknow division has 800 level crossing gates, of which 450 are unmanned ones and 350 are manned crossings. The NER has 1,400 unmanned level crossings. Some 270 unmanned level crossings were manned last year.The conversion of an unmanned level crossing into a manned one requires Rs 20 lakh as infrastructure cost. Besides, three staffs are minimum required at each manned crossing.The railways had introduced the policy of appointing ex-servicemen as gatemen. Under this policy, some 450 appointments have been finalised. However, as of now, the appointments have hit some legal wrangle.Talking about the performance of the overall zonal railway, Amit Singh, CPRO, NER, said the zone has reported only six consequential accidents this year. The number was 11 last year and 20, a year before. The NER also performed well on punctuality front as well, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12387435", "title": "Civic water board puts cap on boring", "text": "RANCHI: A meeting of the Water Board - presided over by chairman Suresh Sahu - decided on Friday that every household here will now be allowed one deep bore tubewell with a maximum depth of 300 ft while the boring of high-yield deep tubewells - with maximum depths of 1,000 ft - will be allowed only for apartments and buildings for commercial and industrial purposes. The new rule is in accordance with the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) Act 2011.Sahu said fines will be imposed on any boring done without the RMC's permission. Fines of Rs 2,000, Rs 10,000, Rs 20,000 and Rs 1 lakh were specified by the board for illegal boring of wells, ponds, households and high-yield deep tubewells respectively.Keeping in view the approaching summer, it was also decided that in areas with no water connection, the deficit in water supply will be met with the use of water tankers by the RMC. Sahu said: \"Tankers and Syntex tanks would be provided in every ward by April 15. Non-functional hand pumps will either be repaired or replaced.\"The RMC has arranged a meeting with the Electricity Board on March 31 to look into the regular supply of water during summer. On the other hand, it was also decided that the primary cost of deep boring and renewal of old connections would be reduced by almost 50%.\"The cost of primary deep boring and high-yield deep tubewell boring has been reduced from Rs 10,000 to Rs 5,000 and from Rs 50,000 to Rs 25,000 respectively. The renewal fees of household boring has been reduced from Rs 5,000 to Rs 2,000 per annum, that of high-yield deep tubewell has been reduced from Rs 10,000 to Rs 5000 and that for pond boring from Rs 5,000 to Rs 500 per annum,\" said Sahu. \"The cost of new water connection from the RMC has also been reduced to half in order to encourage people into obtaining new connections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387056", "title": "BMC budgets 25% for urban poor, but is it an eyewash?", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-five percent of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) budget being set aside for urban poor may seem positive on paper but a closer look at the break-up of the Rs 6,553 crore set aside for the poor shows that it is an eye-wash.The urban housing and poverty alleviation ministry had directed municipal bodies to allot a minimum 25% of their annual budget and create a Basic Services to Urban Poor Fund in 2010. A reform under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) called for an internal earmarking of 25% of the civic budget for providing basic services to the urban poor. Last year, BMC's budget for the poor was Rs 4,562.68 crore; in 2010-11, it was Rs 4,351 crore and in 2009-10 it was Rs 4,155 crore.\"To avail of JNNURM funding, it is mandatory for municipal bodies to keep a certain amount for the poor. That is why the BMC has made a separate head, so it loos like it will spend that much on the poor but one needs to read the fine print to understand better,\" said activist Simpreet Singh of the National Alliance of People's Movement.The BMC has allocated 25% of its budget to the sector but a closer reading reveals that education and health form a major chunk of the main budget. One is left with Rs 1,907 crore or 7% of the total budget for essential services. The BMC has allotted over Rs 364 crore for upgradation of slums and Rs 349 crore for improvement, management and maintenance of chawls for the the poorer section. While Rs 25 crore has been kept aside for upgradation and upkeep of gaothans, koliwadas and adivasi padas, a Rs 5-crore provision has been made for Adhar Kendras which provide training and employment to poor unemployed youth. The BMC has also allocated over Rs 1,050 crore for water subsidy to the poor.The November 4, 2010, circular of the ministry stated that municipalities should be committed to delivering basic services to the urban poor. The ministry said fund allocation should be made from the municipality's own sources of revenue like taxes, fees, user charges and rent. The municipalities can also use central or state finance commissions, contributions in cash, kind, gifts, aid from organizations, donations, grants from externally aided projects and sale of munici-pal assets.A civic official said education and health were mostly availed of by the poor. But Singh said it is not only the poor who avail of these facilities. Advocate Shakil Ahmed, founder, Nirbhay Bano Andolan, said 25% funds for a population of more than 50% was not proportionate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386939", "title": "New bridge plan for trans-harbour", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has commissioned a detailed project report (DPR) for a bridge between Worli and Sewri. The 4-km bridge will enable motorists from Worli to reach the trans-harbour link connecting Sewri to Navi Mumbai.\"The bridge will be ready by 2017. There are plans to have ramps on Ambedkar Road and Senapati Bapat Marg leading up to the link, however, their exact location has not yet been finalized. This key project will cost Rs 500 crore,\" said an MMRDA official. No toll has been fixed for the bridge. Motorists using the trans-harbour link will be charged Rs 235, drivers of heavy vehicles and multi-axle vehicles will pay Rs 500 and Rs 800 in 2017-2018. The bridge's construction will be independent of the trans-harbour link project.MMRDA officials said the trans-harbour link will connect the city to the Mumbai-Goa highway and the Pune expressway. The project is estimated to cost over Rs 8,800 crore and six international consortia are in the running for the plan that is likely to be completed in five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386568", "title": "Drive against quacks from April", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alarmed at the growing complaints against quacks, particularly from outer Delhi areas, the Delhi government has decided to conduct a massive drive against them from next month.Principal secretary health Anshu Prakash said they have decided to rope in Delhi Police to ensure the drive is effective. \"The decision was taken following a meeting with senior officials from various medicinal fields including homeopath, ayurveda and naturopathy departments. It was reported that the city is flooded with quacks and urgent steps to curb them must be taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386108", "title": "Defence ministry snubs Army chief again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Friction between the ministry of defence (MoD) and Army chief General V K Singh has spilled into yet another crucial decision: appointment of the new chief of Assam Rifles (AR), the country's oldest paramilitary force that is controlled by the ministry of home affairs (MHA).Multiple sources suggest that the MoD has objected to the Army headquarters' nomination of Lt Gen A K Choudhary, director general of military operations (DGMO), as the next chief of Assam Rifles. \"The recommendation of AHQ (Army Headquarters) does not have the approval of competent authority in the ministry (of Defence). It is, therefore, not appropriate to consider Lt Gen A K Choudhary for the appointment of DG AR,\" MoD told the MHA in a communication.The latest flashpoint is another sign of worsening ties between Gen Singh and the civilian bureaucracy, which has been upset ever since the Army chief had turned his date of birth 'discrepancy' into a bitter prestige fight.Though defence minister A K Antony exercised restraint, the bureaucracy is unwilling to have Gen Singh have his way. No wonder, the Army's move to nominate a new chief for the Assam Rifles has left the civilian bureaucracy sore.Sources said the MoD is annoyed with a series of communication that Gen Singh and military secretary Lt Gen Sanjiv Chachra exchanged with the MHA, while ignoring the MoD. Gen Singh had written to the home secretary R K Singh a few months ago, asking him for immediate repatriation of Lt Gen Rameshwar Roy, the then DG Assam Rifles. The Army chief sought Roy's recall on allegations of financial impropriety, which a MHA probe later failed to establish.The Army also had another direct communication with the MHA. This time around, it was a letter from military secretary Lt Gen Chachra, who on February 6 recommended to home secretary Lt Gen A K Choudhary as the successor to Lt Gen Roy. However, the recommendation was surprising since Choudhary was already a PSO (Principal Staff Officer, a senior appointment for Lt Gen officers) in the Army headquarters as DGMO. The DG, Assam Rifles has often been from among junior Lt Generals.The MOD has pointed out to the MHA that Lt Gen Choudhary \"was earlier considered by the MHA in the panel from which Lt Gen Rameshwar Roy was selected.\" The MoD maintained that both Choudhary and Lt Gen J P Mehra, who were in the panel earlier, \"are presently holding appointment of DGMO and AG respectively in the AHQ which are PSO appointments.\"Indications are that the MoD has now asked the Army HQ for a fresh panel of three officers from whom one would be appointed as new DG of Assam Rifles.The acrimonious relation between Army HQ under Gen Singh and the MoD has been visible on several other fronts as well. For instance, the MoD objected to the promotion policy for senior officers adopted by the Army in recent months. With both sides taking a tough stand, Antony referred the matter to the law ministry for its opinion. The promotions have been cleared, but the Army policy is still under scanner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387034", "title": "Football coach held for trying to sell tusks", "text": "MUMBAI: A football coach, along with his four associates, was arrested for trying to sell elephant tusks in Bandra (W) on Thursday.Each tusk weighs 25 kg and the accused were trying the sell them for Rs 2 crore.Leslie Rodrick coaches kids in various schools in Navi Mumbai. Originally from Goa, Rodrick told the police that his Kerala-based friend had gifted him two tusks sometime back.The police booked the accused under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act. They were remanded in police custody till March 26.Recently, Rodrick had contacted, Francis, driver of a school bus in Navi Mumbai and Rodrick's neighbour in Goa, to sell the tusks. Francis then asked the other three accused-Anil Sawant, Ismail Sayyad and Hasim Shaikh-to search for the interested buyers. The trio were small-time realty agents in Navi Mumbai.The special squad of west region recently learnt that the accused were searching for a customer to sell the tusks. A police decoy contacted one of the accused, showing his interest in the tusks. After several rounds of negotiation, the accused reduced the price of the tusks to half. Initially, they had demanding Rs 2 crore for each tusk.The decoy then called Rodrick at Bandra Reclamation along with the tusks on Thursday night when the police swooped in and nabbed the five accused.The police are investigating if the arrested accused are part of an inter-state gang involved in smuggling of animal products.Rodrick told the police that his Kerala-based friend's grandfather had killed an elephant a couple of decades ago. The police plan to call the friend for the questioning in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12387341", "title": "High Court gives directive to conduct temple festival", "text": "MADURAI: The high court bench here has directed the Karur district administration to conduct a 300-year-old village temple festival which was stalled last year due to enmity between two groups.The Maha Mariamman temple is situated at Kelepaguthi village near Kadavur Taluk in Karur district. The festival used to be celebrated during the Tamil month of 'Vaikasi' (English month June). Last year, the festival was scheduled on June 14, 15 and 16. Trouble started when the erstwhile panchayat president, S Periyasamy, was adamant in not allowing the temple festival to go on, in view of a dispute with regard to the construction of another temple by his uncle, by name, Karuppannan in the nearby area. Based on the complaint received from Periasamy, the tahsildar conducted a peace meeting on May, 17, 2011 but failed in his attempt to bring about peace.Consequently, the district revenue officer without having any other alternative and in order to maintain the law and order in the village had passed a prohibitory order on May 31, thereby preventing both the groups from celebrating the temple festival till their dispute is settled. Hence Kunnudaiyan, a heredity of the temple moved the court seeking police protection and celebrate the festival without any break.Disposing the petition, Justice K Ravichandra Baabu pointed the prohibitory order passed by DRO ceased to exist after the expiry of two months from May 31, 2011. The judge directed the DRO to convene a fresh peace committee meeting in the village as a last chance to the rival groups to settle their disputes amicably. If no compromise is arrived between the parties, the DRO is directed to proceed to conduct the festival by inviting all the villagers to participate.The judge also directed the district superintendent of police of Karur to provide sufficient police force on the day of the festival as well as a week before and thereafter, at the village in order to ensure that no law and order problem arises.The Maha Mariamman temple is situated at Kelepaguthi village in Karur district. The festival used to be celebrated in the month of 'Vaikasi'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12388331", "title": "I was dejected when portrayed as villain of England tour: Harbhajan", "text": "Dropped from Team India, off-spinner Harbhajan Singh has been toiling in the domestic circuit where flat tracks, uninspiring formats and mundane outings have taken a toll. In an exclusive chat with TOI, Harbhajan talks about all that he had to go through a 'terrible 2011'. Excerpts...It's the longest patch since 2001 that you've been away from the national team...Without doubt it's been tough. But it has been a blessing in disguise too. It allowed my body some much needed rest, my mind to reflect on my game and look at the areas I needed to work on. From October to January I was dealing with my shin injury. I was advised complete rest and after that I had a long stint at the NCA. Currently I'm feeling good about my bowling and body. I'm ready for IPL.You are India's most successful off-spinner and among the world's leading wicket-takers. How difficult is it to prove yourself again on the domestic front?It is not easy but at the same time you play cricket because you have passion for the game. That passion makes things easy. I love this challenge and whenever I go to play domestic cricket, it gives me a chance to connect with my roots and Punjab teammates. It's a process from which I have gone through and I want to make the most of this opportunity for an international comeback.Quality spinners thrive on confidence. Has that confidence taken a dent after being dropped?The fact of the matter is I wasn't fit. In the Ranji Trophy I was struggling with acute pain. Forget bowling, I was barely able to keep my feet on the ground. I made everyone aware of the situation from my side and went straight to the NCA. I am sure all these things were considered. So no regrets.You have been a naturally aggressive cricketer who took the fight back to the opposition. That one instinct has been found missing in the Indian team recently.I don't think there was any lack of desire, aggression or will from the Indian side. Over the years I have seen that all these adjectives are very result-oriented. You do well and all these things are visible. You don't and such issues are raised. Media has to find reasons for a defeat. I can assure you that whoever walks into the field in India colours tries his best. At least that's what I would like to believe.With the exception of Lord's - in the first innings - your spells on the tour of England were not bad. Do you think it was fair to blame an off-spinner for poor performance on that tour?I am not the one who decides who is to be blamed and who is responsible. At Lord's we bowled with three bowlers in challenging and wet conditions. In Nottingham I developed a stomach tear and couldn't bowl to my 100 percent. The rumour was that I didn't want to continue on the tour. But the fact is despite that stomach tear I stayed on the ground as long as possible and tried to bowl as much as I could. I didn't want to leave my team in that situation. And then I pulled out of the tour due to injury. But I was dejected with the way I was portrayed as a villain of the tour. We lost the series in seaming conditions and a spinner was blamed for this. Sometimes what happens in India is that the media creates a mahaul (situation) around a player and everything revolves around it. It's sad but that's the way it is. And it's not in my control. I can't worry too much about it.As a batsman, your best came in 2010 when you scored back-to-back centuries and a half century - against New Zealand, and a very important half-century in Kingston last year. Do you feel let down by the selectors?I would like to make it clear that my job is to play and contribute in all possible ways. Selectors have a job to do and I am nobody to comment on it. As a cricketer I am still a work in progress and my hard work will show results soon.You have been good at varying your length and pace. At 31, do you feel you were just about maturing to another level?After this break, I am feeling very good about my body. Spin bowling is all about rhythm and the more I bowl the closer I get to that space where everything falls in place. I am very happy with the way things are going for me. I have a lot of cricket ahead of me.Do you feel Indian cricket has consistently gone through the stage where bowlers haven't been given their due as much as batsmen.(Laughs) That's how it has been over the years. People come to watch fours and sixes. But bowlers have their own role and importance in the game. Shane Warne is considered as great as any other batsman in the world. Anil Kumble's contribution is no less than Sachin Tendulkar's. It is a batsman's game won by the bowlers.Bishan Singh Bedi spoke about your meeting with him and said 'Harbhajan still has a lot of fire in his belly'.It was an honour to meet him. When you want advice you go to your elders so I went to Bishan paaji. True to his style he was warm, open and insightful in his opinion. We discussed a lot about bowling and cricket at large. That was quality time I spent with him and I'm thankful for it.In Champions League you led Mumbai Indians to title. Is captaincy another side to you that hasn't been fully explored?I have always enjoyed captaincy at all levels. Champions League victory was a great result as we were short of resources and no one backed us. But credit to the boys, they lifted their game and performed exceedingly well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12385972", "title": "\u2018Single transport authority a must for Pune\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Formation of the Urban Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA) for Pune is necessary to help solve traffic and transportation problems facing the city and the metropolitan region, coordinator for management development centre of the Central Institute of Road Transport (CIRT) Prashant Kakade said here on Wednesday.Speaking at a seminar organised by the Public Concern for Governance Trust on traffic problems and solutions, Kakade said that all traffic issues can be addressed through UMTA - a single authority which will have representations of the two municipal corporations and other stake holders, such as the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) and the traffic police.\"The issue of shortage of funds for the traffic department could be addressed through UMTA,\" he said, adding that Mumbai already has such an authority comprising all stake holders. \"Providing seamless travel is the objective of UMTA in Mumbai. They are also now moving towards having an integrated ticketing system where a single ticket will be valid for all modes of travel.\"Speaking about the Thane railway station where rail passengers have an easy access to the public bus transport service, Kakade said such innovative and commuter-friendly projects should be implemented in Pune and all other suburban railway stations.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare said a separate traffic department needs to be created in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to take prompt and immediate action on all works suggested by the traffic department.\"The traffic signal installation and maintenance work, marking of zebra crossings and signages are all done by the municipal corporation. We have been demanding that the works be handed over to the traffic police, but the PMC has declined to do so. Works related to traffic improvement need to be done immediately, but we have to repeatedly follow up with the PMC leading to inordinate delays in execution,\" Pandhare said.He asked why a road safety audit of all roads is not done by the PMC and why traffic infrastructure - such as footpaths, zebra crossings, lane markings, stop lines and road signages - are not in place on all roads. \"If there is proper traffic infrastructure on all roads, it will help improve traffic sense and discipline.\"Road safety activist Chandmal Parmar pointed out that the traffic and road safety mobility committee should be made functional at PMC. \"Earlier, the mobility committee used to hold meetings on a regular basis at the PMC. These meetings have now stopped. A similar committee exists in the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and meets regularly,\" Parmar said.Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First said a strong message has to be sent out by the PMC that it would give importance to facilities for pedestrians, bus commuters, bicycle users, and mobility of people, instead of having all policies which are vehicle-centric. \"The PMC should prepare its policies for pedestrians, hawkers and parking which will help deal with encroachment issues, congestion and traffic problems in the long run. There should be a separate dedicated set-up for traffic issues with a separate budget,\" he added.Prasanna Patwardhan said that all advanced countries are taking measures to focus on movement of people instead of vehicles and that similar measures need to be implemented here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12393487", "title": "Mumbai case trial in Pakistan adjourned till March 31", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The trial of seven Pakistani suspects, including LeT commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, charged with involvement in the Mumbai attacks was today adjourned till March 31 as the anti-terrorism judge hearing the case was on leave.Prosecutors are expected to present a report on a Pakistani judicial commission's interviews with Indian officials and witnesses at the next nearing, sources told PTI.\"Judge Shahid Rafique, who is hearing the case, was on leave today and there were no proceedings,\" a source said.The eight-member judicial commission, which included prosecutors and defence lawyers, returned from a visit to India earlier this week.The panel travelled to Mumbai, where it recorded the statements of magistrate who recorded the confession of Ajmal Kasab , the lone surviving attacker, the police officer who led the investigation into the attacks and two doctors who conducted the autopsies of the terrorists and victims.The seven suspects, including Lashkar-e-Taiba commander Lakhvi, have been charged with planning, financing and executing the terror attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people in November 2008.The trial of the Pakistani suspects has stalled due to various technical issues for the past year.Pakistani prosecutors have said the commission's findings are expected to take forward the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386519", "title": "Father wants plotters behind bars", "text": "NEW DELHI: A shellshocked Ashok Garg can't forget the 12 harrowing hours he spent pleading with his son's captors to spare his son. He even negotiated the ransom deal, handed over the money, but could not get back his son alive. There was grief and anger on his face as he performed his son's last rites.On Friday, Garg sat in despair as relatives and neighbours streamed into his Dwarka home to console his family. Ashish, his father said, was not keen on pursuing higher studies, but had a brilliant grasp on business. \"For the last two months, he would regularly come to my office and was swift in learning the ropes. He just needed few more weeks of training and he could have shouldered my burden,\" he said.The family demanded the arrest of three persons who had been detained, but later released. \"Why did they leave the trio when seven persons were involved in the murder,\" said Ashish's father. Police said it was a pre-planned murder.On Friday, when TOI asked Rubail why he committed the crime, he said, \"We did not want to kill him. He suddenly died. Nobody strangled him. We just wanted to collect the ransom and return to Kurukshetra and lead a good life.\"Police claimed they had nearly cracked the case and would have rescued Ashish if he was not killed. The police tactic was to engage the kidnappers with negotiations while they tracked down their location.The kidnappers too tried to beat the police net by changing venues to collect the ransom. The first chosen place was Dwarka Sector 11 Metro station which was changed to the market of Sector 6-10 near the sports complex. Later, they fixed GD Goenka School and finally the ransom was collected at Gokul Dham, Dwarka. Not only that, the accused were giving instructions on phone - walk on foot and take a rickshaw.However, their inexperience led them to the police trap. They were nabbed as they tried to flee after collecting money. Modern International School clarified on Friday that Ashish Garg was an ex-student and the school was not responsible for their conduct as they had passed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387282", "title": "15 convicted in 12-yr-old case", "text": "NAGPUR: DH Sharma, the chief judicial magistrate in Wardha, has convicted 15 people in a 12-year-old case of rioting, preventing and attacking police personnel while they were on duty. They have also been booked for damaging a police van which is deemed public property.Those found guilty include the village sarpanch, police patil and a suspended talathi. All have been sent to jail for three years and fined Rs 5,000 each under different sections of the Indian Penal Code and under section 3 of the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.The accused had attacked a squad from Sewagram which had reached Paonar to crack down on a group that was engaged in gambling on the occasion of Tanha pola festival in 1999. The group assaulted the cops and wanted them to allow the villagers to gamble on the auspicious day.Sharma said that 'the ring of protection given to public servant under section 353 or 332 of IPC is not for the benefit of public servant but the same is aimed to serve public at large'. The CJM observed that 'the assault on public servant is not only offence against public servant bit it is offence against the public'.The court observed that 'nowadays, incidences of brutal and fatal attacks on public servant are increasing. There is a feeling that wrong doers have no fear of law'. The court has held the accused guilty of rioting under sections 147 and 149 of Indian Penal Code and being part of an unlawful assembly slapped them with a fine of Rs 1,000 and a rigorous imprisonment of one year. Another year of imprisonment and fine of Rs 1,000 were imposed on the unlawful mob for assaulting public servants with the object to deter the person from disposing duty under section 353 and 149 IPC.The court also sentenced the group of 15 for two years and imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 under section 332 and 149 for voluntarily causing hurt to public servants and obstructing them from discharging duties. The accused were also given a three-year imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 1,000 for causing damage to the police vehicle. The sentences, court said, were to run concurrently.The police squad under the then sub-inspector Sopan D Yesankar, posted at Sewagram police station, had rushed to Bazaar chowk in Paonar to raid a place where gambling was under way on a large scale. The police had to face violent resistance from the mob led by sarpanch Ravindra Bokde, police patil Ashok Nagrale, suspended talathi Raju Zamre and others.Police had rounded up around 60 people but chargesheeted 36. The charges were framed in 2009 against 31 people as four were dead and one absconding.Additional public prosecutor MM Mahajan, who represented the prosecution, welcomed the judgement saying it would prevent incidents like the murder of the IPS officer in Madhya Pradesh by the mining mafia and the killing of deputy collector in Malegoan by the kerosene mafia. \"The court has sent a strong message now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387286", "title": "Cops not to arrest Jhamb, will oppose bail", "text": "NAGPUR: Dhantoli police have taken a strategic decision not to arrest Sushil Jhamb but go all out for cancellation of his ad-interim bail on March 31 before the ad hoc court.Sushil's 16-year-old son was booked after losing control over the car, which was registered in Sushil's name, and banging into a group of students killing two and injuring three near Rahate Colony square on March 17.Having procured bail, a relaxed Sushil, who had been absconding ever since the incident, walked into Dhantoli police station on Thursday where his statement was recorded. Sources from the police station said Jhamb claimed to have been in dark about his son driving out with three other minor friends wihtout a license.Though police was under much pressure, Sushil had remained elusive and managed to keep the police guessing before he procured bail. Having failing to nab him before that, the cops now want to formulate a strategy to ensure that Sushil's custodial interrogation could be later done in a proper way and also that would be able to collect more evidence.Sushil had managed to procure an ad-interim bail earlier this week on the grounds that he was not aware of the fact that his son had sneaked out with the car. That he had been booked only under the relevant section of the Motor Vehicle Act was also highlighted by the defence lawyers for securing the pre-arrest bail.While Sushil was granted bail, his son is still at Government Observation home and Shelter for boys at Patankar Chowk after court of Juvenile Justice Board denied him bail. Court had rejected the bail on the ground that granting it may send a wrong message to society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386144", "title": "Foreign funds: Kazmi's wife summoned", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate has summoned the wife of journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, arrested in the Israeli diplomat car bombing case, to probe into the source of alleged foreign funds received by the couple.Sources said the ED is looking into the remittances of more than Rs 18 lakh to the accounts of Jahan Ara, the wife of the senior journalist, and her statement will be recorded next week.Jahan may be questioned on March 26.The ED is probing the case under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) and also under anti-money laundering laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390062", "title": "Hemlock is far from a morbid film: Srijit Mukherji", "text": "The salt-and-pepper beard suits Srijit Mukherji. Just two films old in Tollywood, and he's already quite battle-scarred, having met both success and that green-eyed monster, envy. In a long chat with us, Srijit opened up about his new film, \"Hemlock Society\", the oxymoron called 'friends in the industry' and wanting to reinvent Kakababu. Excerpts.Only two films under your belt and already a director, scriptwriter, actor, lyricist. So who is the real Srijit Mukherji? The real Srijit Mukherji is the storyteller, someone who was bitten by the cinema bug so badly that he quit his secure and plush job to chase his dreams. Whether it's acting, directing, songwriting or scripts, all of them are creative conduits of that storyteller. I like to tell stories my friends and I myself would love listening to - and, of course, my producer would love listening to (laughs).The audience knows you primarily as a director. But your dabbling in acting goes back a long way... I started off as a stage actor, it's my first love. But you don't necessarily get married to your first love, it becomes a sweet memory, like a high-school romance. The acting bug is there, especially if it's the stage, and films are just a natural extension of that. In fact, dabbling is just the right word. I can't really see myself acting and directing with equal fervour, because directing engages your faculties in a big way.Anyway, more than interviews, premieres, award nights and parties, I'm comfortable in a shooting environment. So when I'm not shooting my own film, I try to look for excuses to visit some shoot or the other. In fact, my producer, my dear friend, Shrikant (Mohta), once told me, why don't you shift to shooting serials, then you can shoot 365 days a year!What about the cameos, the small Srijit signature in all your films? More Subhash Ghai than Hitchcock? It is more a lack of junior artistes! That's how it all started. While shooting in Hyderabad for \"Autograph\", we couldn't find a person who could drive a car and also speak the lines in Bangla. Also, I thought if I was in that car, I would be able to direct Bumbada better - hence that role. It worked, and in \"Baishey Srabon\" we thought why not make it a pattern.So \"Hemlock Society\" also has a cameo? A very small role. But let's wait till you see that on screen (smiles).Tell us more about \"Hemlock\"... Hemlock Society is an institution that teaches people to successfully commit suicide. I was doing this play called \"Checkmate\", which shows a person drinking poison in the climax. For that, I was studying poisons and methods of committing suicide when I came across this amazing website that gave you a foolproof plan for each type of suicide. The site also had a lot of black humour. Related searches gave me the name of Hemlock Society in Santa Monica, the US, which helped people with ways to die with dignity. It was assisted suicide on the lines of euthanasia. I incorporated this idea into the story.Combined with this was the real-life story of a person, whose philosophy and way of thinking about life and death impressed me a lot. I met him first three-four months back. Parambrata's character, who runs Hemlock Society, is based on him. The third, slightly smaller, theme is the Param-Koel love story. A relationship develops between the girl who enrols in Hemlock Society and the guy who runs it. Param's character, Ananda, feels that a lot of people who try to commit suicide actually fail because they don't have the knowhow. Hence they suffer.Who is this real-life person? I really can't divulge the identity. He - or she - might have reservations, and it may also give away the essential flavour of the film. This person has really influenced the way I look at life - and death.Bangali? Absolutely. South Kolkatay thake (smiles).How was it working with such an ensemble cast? There's Sabitridi (Chatterjee), Soumitrajethu (Chatterjee), Dipankar De, Roopa Ganguly, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Raj Chakrabarty, Priyanka, Barun Chanda, Bratya Basu, Silajit. Also Sohagdi (Sen), who has a cameo. And what an enlightening and educative experience it was! With the seniors, you learn a lot from how they approach roles. They've really guided me through a lot of situations. Obviously, there's also a lot of nostalgia and honour attached to it. Like I'm saying action, cut to Soumitra Chatterjee. Same goes for Sabitridi. She's a darling and such a brilliant performer. Bratya Basu, I thought, was stupendous in the film! All of them were so good. There was also a lot of nostalgia, with stories being shared from those days. The atmosphere at my shoots is very informal, like one big picnic. And the facilities at Purple Movie Town are so nice and conducive to good work that you can just shoot and have fun after that.What sort of roles do Soumitra and Sabitri have in the film? They are professors in Hemlock Society and teach methods of suicide. Many of the others are students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387665", "title": "EDI in Namibia on GoI\u2019s agenda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With Namibia turning 22 years old on March 21, \"the first thing the government wants to do is to weed out corruption, unemployment and poverty,\" said a section of media citing Namibian president's message to its people. The same day, Gujarat's diamond city celebrated the independence day of Namibia - rich in mineral deposits like diamond, copper, iron ore, natural gas and oil - with the country's deputy minister of trade and industry, Tjekero Tweya, high commissioner to India S K Mbabo and other officials.\"We are in Gujarat to seek tangible economic co-operation,\" said the minister, who was in Ahmedabad on Friday to finalize the plans to set up an Entrepreneurship Development Centre (EDC) in Namibia. Upbeat after a visit to Amul in Anand, Tweya said, \"The four reasons why we are here are dairy, port, bajra and Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI), Ahmedabad.\"Massive steps are being taken to lift Namibia's economy, with India and China being major stakeholders in different development projects. Setting up an EDC is one of the top agendas of the Indian government.\"We are competing with China which has entered the African countries in a big way. But, we have an edge over it - we are rich in soft power. The intellectual capital that we can transfer to these countries, China cannot,\" said Dinesh Awasthi, director, EDI.EDI has been selected as implementing agency to work closely with the partner organizations in five African countries - Namibia, Rwanda , Gavon, Senegal and Zambia - for setting up the proposed centres under the second Africa-India Forum Summit (AIFS-II) that was held at Addis Ababa , Ethiopia in May 2011.Government of India (GoI) plans to allocate around Rs 10 crore on the infrastructure of each of the five centres. \"Once it is set up, we will then identify the faculties and director, bring them here, expose them to each dimension of entrepreneurship, develop contextual course material after identifying the opportunities that can be tapped,\" said Awasthi, adding if Namibia is looking at India for increasing foreign trade and its rich intellectual capital, India wants to exploit its rich natural resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12387398", "title": "Water conservation meet in Steel City", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A meeting was organised here on Thursday, where experts spoke on sustainable management of freshwater resources to ensure its availability to all.\"There are seven billion people on the planet today and the number is expected to increase by two billion in 2050. Imagine the water requirements to meet the needs of such huge population!\" said deputy general manager, water management, Jusco, Pranay Sinha. It is time we make effective utilization of available water resources, he added.\"Produce better quality food with less water content, consume less water-intensive products and reduce food wastage. Thirty per cent of the food produced worldwide is never eaten,\" said Sinha emphasizing on the actions an individual should take to save water. Acting director of National Mettalurgical Laboratory Sukomal Ghosh stressedupon the need to save water in the day-to-day life and adopt rain-water harvesting.University finds land for building in Daltonganj: Nilamber Pitamber University has decided to hand over Rs 39.7 lakh to the Palamu administration to acquire land for the university's administrative building at Tikulya, 5 km from here.The decision was made known by university registrar P K Verma, who quoted vice chancellor Firoz Ahmad and brought to end a three-year search for land. Verma said the Palamu administration had identified 40.25 acres of mostly \"raiyyati\" land for the university that is estimated to cost Rs 1.9 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390097", "title": "I'm not dating Shahid Kapoor: Nargis Fakhri", "text": "Nargis Fakhri believes in saying the truth, unluckily all that has been so far said in the media, isn't soYou flew down with Shahid for his birthday in Goa and then were spotted at a five star having dinner... For his birthday, I was invited. I thought I would have a nice time with people I know. I never thought it would become such a big deal. As for the dinner, a common friend planned it. Five of us met up after a long time.You've been linked to Ranbir Kapoor and Imtiaz Ali earlier... They were just rumours. And I can't be bothered with them.Does it feel weird to be constantly scrutinized? It comes with the job. But I would like the media to tell the truth. I am someone who will happily say the truth. I don't feel the need to hide from anyone. I see nothing wrong in love or being in love.Rockstar was a big hit. But the critics were a bit harsh on you. Is that why you are waiting to sign your next project? I am not being choosy. There are things in the pipeline. I don't want to rush. I did not know what to expect from Rockstar . Later, I realised how lucky I was. Critics had no idea how hard I had worked. But it's fine. I realise that this is an unforgiving business. I take all the criticism positively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "balaghat", "code": "12388041", "title": "MP power company slaps notice on HCL over dues", "text": "BALAGHAT: The power distribution company of the Madhya Pradesh government has served a notice to a leading PSU Hindustan Copper Limited(HCL) threatening to disconnect its power supply from March 25 for failing to pay dues amounting to over Rs 121 crore.Madhya Pradesh Eastern Region Power Distribution Company supplies power to HCL's Malajkhand-based plant situated close to the copper mines in Balaghat district.There was a dispute over tariff as HCL challenged the imposition of higher duties by the power company in the high court and the supreme court. But, it got no reprieve, the power company sources said.The dispute between the two has been going on since 1990 and HCL was paying duties on its power bills by deducting the disputed amount regularly which resulted in the accumulation of such a huge amount, the power company officials said, adding the figure of Rs 121 crore in dues was arrived at after calculating interest on the actual dues.However, Hindustan Copper Limited sources said that the amount of Rs 121 crore was not correct and it should be around Rs 61 crore.HCL sources also said that if the power distribution company disconnects its electricity connection, it will not be in the interest of the state as it pays huge amount of royalty to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12387231", "title": "Vadapalani ideal as metro- Metropolitan Transport Corporation hub", "text": "The proposed metro rail station at Vadapalani, through which a flyover will run, could well be one points where Metropolitan Transport Corporation and metro rail services integrate seamlessly.The flyover is expected to ease congestion at the Jawaharlal Nehru Road-Arcot Road junction, one of the busiest in the city, and could reduce travel time by at least 20 minutes, say some commuters. Indrani, who stays in Virugambakkam, says she saves at least 20 minutes by going to her office in Nandanam through K K Nagar instead of travelling via Arcot Road and T Nagar even though the latter route is 4 km shorter. \"The traffic at the JN Road-Arcot Road junction is completely chaotic. It's not worth taking the route,\" she said. Now, with the flyover coming up, her scooter ride to work could take just half the time and if she decides to switch to public transport it could be a breeze, she says.Chennai Metro rail officials have requested MTC to operate feeder services from areas within a 5 km radius of the station. So, in future, Indrani can hop on to a feeder MTC service to Vadapalani and ride by metro rail to Nandanam.And Vadapalani, with one of the oldest and the biggest MTC depots in the city, may turn out to be what CMRL officials call a 'catchment area' - usually comprising areas within a 5 km radius of a station. There are buses to almost all important areas, including Tambaram, Broadway, Poonamalle and Kunrathur, from the Vadapalani depot which operates the most number of buses, 172, after Tambaram with 212. \"We operate services on 50 routes with about 1085 passengers per bus per day in Vadapalani,\" said a MTC official. Going by these figures, more than 1.86 lakh passengers use the depot every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12387467", "title": "Government not to acquire land for BCCL, minister tells assembly", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government will not acquire land on behalf of the Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) for its mining projects in the state.The announcement was made by state land reform and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato while answering a question raised by Dhulu Mahato, the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) MLA who was supported by leader of the opposition Rajendra Prasad Singh.The JVM-P legislator said the BCCL management was not giving jobs to all the displaced families. \"The company is giving job to one person from only those families who are giving at least two acres of land for the project. Earlier it used to give job to one person from a family whose one acre land was acquired. There are instances of company giving job to those people whose five decimal land was acquired,\" said the MLA adding that keeping in mind the indifferent attitude of the BCCL towards land losers, the state government should stop land acquisition for the company.Singh supported the demand of the JVM-P and said not only the BCCL but other subsidiaries of the Coal India Limited (CIL) were also maintaining \"biased policy\" in the state.\"In Odisha, the subsidiaries of the CIL give job to one person of family which loses one acre of land for a project. If the CIL and its subsidiaries do not adopt a similar policy in Jharkhand, the state government should not support it in land acquisition,\" Singh said who was supported by former deputy chief minister Raghuvar Das and other MLAs from the ruling coalition.After hearing the argument of the MLAs from the ruling and the opposition bench, the minister said, \"The government will not acquire land for the BCCL if it fails to protect the interest of displaced families.\"However, he did not accept the demand of opposition parties to adopt a similar approach for other companies as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12386938", "title": "HC quashes 2 Noida land notifications", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday quashed two government notifications for land acquisition in respect of plot no. 230 of Birandi Chakrasenpur village in Dadri, Gautambudh Nagar (Noida).A division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice Manoj Mishra allowed the writ petition filed by farmer Ram Singh and others who had challenged government notification dated November 19, 2008 issued under Section 4 (1) and Section 17 (1) and (4) of the Land Acquisition Act and also the notification dated March 23, 2009 issued under Section 6 (1) of the same Act for acquiring plot no. 230 area covering 4.9330 hectares of land.Allowing writ petition, court quashed both the notifications on the ground that the land was acquired without providing any opportunity of hearing/objection to the land owners though there was no urgency for the acquisition.Meanwhile, taking up a writ petition filed by villagers of Patwari village, division bench of Justice R K Agarwal and Justice V K Mathur on Friday directed the state government to file an instruction within three months about the present position of the land whose notification for acquisition was quashed by the court last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12387486", "title": "Priests stir hits rituals at Puri temple", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Priests at the Jagannath temple in Puri continued to throw a spanner in the rituals of the deities in protest against the restriction on entry of pilgrims into the sanctum sanctorum. The daily rituals were delayed for nearly four hours on Friday.It came close on the heels of the strike by priests on Wednesday that had taken heavy toll on the timing of rituals. Though the shrine body had somehow placated the priests that day, their pent-up resentment erupted on Friday.A section of priests did not perform their responsibilities early morning. Situation further aggravated after a rival priests' group allegedly picked up a quarrel with the agitating priests over the presence of some unwanted priests inside the sanctum sanctorum during an early morning ritual (mangala aarti) , sources said.\"It was a minor misunderstanding among priests groups. We held a meeting with the priests' representatives and sought their cooperation for smooth conduct of rituals,\" Puri district collector Arvind Agarwal said.The temple administration from Wednesday enforced the restriction on the presence of pilgrims (Parimanik ticket holders) inside sanctum sanctorum in compliance with the recent recommendations of the Justice P K Mohanty commission. The commission was set up to probe the November 4, 2006, stampede that had claimed four lives inside the shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12381805", "title": "I would never date an actor: Suresh Raina", "text": "Cricketer Suresh Raina is taking a long deserved break from the game and chilling out completely with his family and friends.After spending a relaxed Holi with his parents and elder brother in Ghaziabad, Raina is in Lucknow at his friend Ali Hamid Zaidi's place. Lounging comfortably on the sofa and sipping on tea, Raina is completely at home making plans of going to watch the film \"\" Agent Vinod \"\" in the evening with his pals. \"\"Have something, in fact have lunch. Bahot tasty khana bana hai,\"\" he offers us before we sit down for 'the' talks.Talking of food, Raina doesn't miss out on having the Tunde kababs while he's here. \"\"Yahan aa ke toh main Tunde ke kabab zaroor khata hoon. At home in Ghaziabad, everyone is a pure vegetarian. In fact when I want to cook non-veg there, my mum shoos me out on the terrace where I have my cooking utensils. I'm told categorically that what ever non-veg or egg etc that I have to cook, I should do upstairs and not enter her kitchen at all,\"\" says Raina with a smile.Not forgetting that he's been giving us enough food for thought these days with the gossip of him dating actor Anushka Sharma . Looking foxed at this Raina says, \"\"I don't know where these rumours are coming from and that too after such a long time? I have met Anushka just a couple of times. She's a very nice girl and that's all. We met at a party in London nearly a year ago and after that we and our friends went out for dinner. There's no question of my dating her or any other Bollywood actor. I will never date an actor or a model. My family will never accept her. We are a middle class family and an actress will never be able to gel with us,\"\" he says adding, \"\"As and when I get into a relationship, I'll flaunt her to the world. I'm looking for a soul mate and in any case I'm not very much for casual dating. I'm such a simple guy away from this dating-shating business. Abhi mere paas time hi kahan hai kisi affair mein padne ka. Any relationship requires a lot of time and I don't have that. Har time phone pe baat karne se relationship nahi chalti,\"\" says he giving his reasons for not having a girl in his life.And before we can ask about his dream girl, Raina says, \"\"I will go for a simple girl who's completely in tune with me and who gets along with my family,\"\" he says. \"\"Pata nahi kahan se logon ko ideas aa jate hain. Meri koi controversies nahin hain isliye yahi sahi,\"\" says he, shaking his head.Which brings us to discuss another controversy. Of the Indian cricket team fixing the World Cup semi finals. \"\"It's not fair on us,\"\" says he, talking of the rumours. \"\"We as a team put in so much efforts to win the World Cup and that too after decades. We know what we went through and when such talks happen it doesn't feel so good.\"\" Ask him if such rumours make the team mull over them in the locker room and Raina says, \"\"No. We have better things to talk about. We don't pay much heed to such talks. We discuss our games or we chill out. We talk of things which boosts our morale and not things which would affect our performance.\"\"Talking enthusiastically about cricket, Raina says he's very happy about youngsters joining the team. \"\"People are saying that Sachin should retire. But I feel why should he? He's more fit than most of us youngsters. I'm really glad that we are getting youngsters to play in the team. I count myself so lucky to be playing with such stalwarts like Rahul Dravid and Sachin. And it's really good that these youngsters too are getting an opportunity to learn so much from them. I'd love it if more and more players from UP would get a chance in the team.\"\"Talking of his home state Raina is worried about the lack of sports facilities in Uttar Pradesh. \"\"It's really sad that all this talent is going waste and not getting any proper opportunity. I know how much I have struggled to make it this far. Logon ko dekh ke bahot achha lagta hai ki IPL player hai, ghar hai gaadi hai, magar mujhse koi poochhe ki main kaise yahan tak pahuncha hoon. I remember in the college hostel in the first year maine bahot maar khayi hai. Khoob pitayi karte the seniors. There used to be a lot of ragging. I've washed so many clothes I don't even remember. Even after that it took a lot of struggle to be able to make it to the national team. I'd count myself as a lucky one,\"\" says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "5310912", "title": "Why having 'sex' is a healthy habit", "text": "If you thought the only benefit of sex was, well, pleasure, here's some news for you.Making love is good for adults. And making love regularly is even better! Not only does it help you sleep well, relieve stress and burn calories, there are several other reasons why you need to have sex more often.Improves cardiovascular health  A recent study says that men who have sex more than twice a week, had a lesser risk of getting a heart attack than men who had sex less than once a month.Relieves pain  If you're using your headache as an excuse not to make love, stop doing it. Just when you're about to orgasm, the level of oxytocin, a hormone increases by five times. The release of endorphins reduces aches and pains.Increases immunity  Regular love making increases the body's level of the immune-boosting antibody immunoglobulin A (IgA), which will make your body stronger against illnesses like the common cold and fever.Reduces stress  Stressed out with work or family problems? Don't let it affect your performance in the bedroom. Not only will having sex improve your mood, but a study has proved that folks who indulge in regular bedroom activities can handle stress better and are happier people generally.Promotes longevity  When one has an orgasm, a hormone called Dehydroepiandrosterone is released, which improves your immunity and repairs tissue and keeps the skin healthy. Men who have at least two orgasms a week have live longer than men who have sex just once every few weeks.Increases blood circulation  Because your heart rate increases when you're having sex, fresh blood is supplied to your organs and cells. While used blood is removed, you also discard things from your body that cause you to feel tired.You sleep better  Notice that just after you make love, the sleep you get thereafter is much more relaxed. Getting a good night's sleep will make you feel alert and healthy overall.Improves overall fitness  If you find going to the gym mundane or working out at home a task, here's another way to help you lose the flab and keep in shape. Regular sex will do wonders for your waistline. Half an hour of love making burns more than 80 calories.Increases your levels of estrogen and testosterone  In men, testosterone is what makes you more passionate in the sack. Not only will it make you feel way better in bed, but it is also known to improve your muscles and bones, keeps your heart healthy and a check on your cholesterol. Estrogen in women protects them against heart disease and also determines a woman's body scent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386050", "title": "Entry tax hole in traders\u2019 kitty", "text": "KOLKATA: The trade bodies have hailed the sops proposed in the state budget to trading communities but criticized the reintroduction of entry tax, which according to them will have an inflationary impact.President of Federation of West Bengal Trade Associations Mahesh Singhania said there is nothing to criticize about the state budget except the entry tax. \"We will request the finance minister not to introduce the new bill related to entry tax. He has also not specified the rates of this tax. Besides, there is no input credit for entry tax. This will lead to tax evasion,\" he said.Echoing the view of Singhania, president of Confederation of West Bengal Trade Associations Firoz Islam said the impact of entry tax would be huge as West Bengal largely depends on imports from other states. \"Introduction of entry tax will have huge negative impact and create bottlenecks. Out of 530 items from the broad products basket in the state, only 30-35 are being produced here. So, the entry tax will impact almost every product,\" he added.However, both the trade associations hailed the steps like simplification of VAT return, increase in self assessment limit for dealers, increase in VAT limit for small eateries and dhabas and reduction in penalty on seizure.Incidentally, Mitra has proposed to increase self assessment limit from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh. The exemption limit of imposition of VAT at 4% rate on small eateries has also been raised from of Rs 15 lakh to Rs 25 lakh turnover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12385700", "title": "Goa has 4th highest road density", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has the fourth highest road density in the country among states with a road network stretching 2,854.94 km per 1,000 sq km of area.Kerala with a road network of 5,268.69 km per 1,000 sq km surpasses all other states while Tripura with a road density of 3,026.23 km per 1,000 sq km ranks second, as per figures of the year 2008 in economic survey 2011-12.Assam, which was in fourth position since 2003, as per available figures, has displaced Goa with a density of 2,936.51 km per 1,000 sq km of its area.But Goa has a higher road density compared to its bigger neighbours, Karnataka and Maharashtra. Karnataka has an average road network of 1,331.94 km per 1,000 sq km while Maharashtra has even less coverage of 725.75 km for the same parameter. Goa has a land area of 3,702 sq km, Karnataka 1,91,791 sq km and Maharashtra 3,07,731 sq km.The length of the highways passing through Goa spans a total of 262 km in the state and covers NH 17 from Patradevi to Polem (139 km), NH 4-A from Panaji to Molem (79), NH 17-A from Cortalim to MPT (16.50) and NH 17-B from Farmagudi to MPT (38.5 km). In addition, there are major district roads and roads crisscrossing the rural and urban areas.But the union territories have even better road density than bigger states. Delhi ranks first among the states and union territories with a density of 19,931.89 km per 1,000 sq km while Chandigarh is a close second with 18,578.95 km per 1,000 sq km. Puducherry and Lakshadweep have road density of more then 5,000 km per 1,000 sq kms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386310", "title": "56% more joint families in city than 10 years ago", "text": "MUMBAI: Nuclear families may have become the norm across India today, but the traditional joint family set-up seems to be slowly making a comeback in Mumbai. The number of households with joint families has gone up by 77% in the suburbs and 35% in the island city since a decade ago, reveals a detailed analysis of Census 2011 data.TOI studied the proportion of homes with more than one couple living together and found that 13.7% of total suburban homes are now joint families as compared to 8.8% in 2001. In the island city as well, the proportion of households with multiple couples has increased from 10.6% to 14.5% in the last decade. In absolute terms, there are 1.21 lakh more joint family households in the suburbs in 2011 and 23,722 more in the island city than in 2001.Most of these are two- or three-couple households which could be parents and married children living together.Sociologists who point out that over 60% of homes in Mumbai still comprise nuclear families say the growing proportion of joint families could be mainly due to financial compulsions and convenience in a city known for its high cost of living, rather than traditional familial bonding. The dynamics of the economy after all, are known to shape family structures. In the US for instance, the economic recession had forced young adults who had left home to return to their parents.Mumbaikars living in extended families however believe the arrangement comes with an immense sense of security. They believe the changing societal attitudes have also narrowed generational gaps making joint families more inclusive.\"Multigenerational families are more likely now due to the increased life expectancy. Since it may be financially difficult for families to have an independent house or flat in a city like Mumbai, particularly in the middle and lower middle class, people could be forced into living together,\" says demographer P Arokiasamy of the International Institute of Population Sciences, who believes families today, particularly those who have the means, prefer to live apart. Shalini Bharat, professor in the school of health systems studies at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, concurs. \"With real estate in Mumbai becoming dearer, space crunch and affordability could be factors that make families live together.\"Sociologists point out that family businesses-another inherent trait of Mumbai-may contribute to its penchant for joint families. \"The decision to disburse a joint house could be a psychologically and economically tricky one for families with common business interests, especially if couples have to move out and look for separate houses. That is why they may prefer to live together, points out social scientist D P Singh.For families living the multi-generational experience, the arrangement provides multiple benefits. \"Attitudes have changed significantly today and living with my in-laws is like living with my parents,\" says 29-year-old Arohi Bhimjiani from Borivli who believes living with her in-laws has proved hugely convenient for her as a working professional. Kandivli resident Kirti Masand (44), who lives with her parents, believes elders are the lifeline of her home. \"As a parent it is great to know that my children are growing up amidst the influence of their grandparents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387053", "title": "Elderly man dies of suffocation at Kaila Devi temple", "text": "JAIPUR: Due to heavy rush at the Kaila Devi temple in Karauli district on the first day of Navratra festival on Friday, a 70-year-old man suffocated and died, police said. He complained of breathlessness and fell unconscious. He was rushed to a hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.Police said the deceased, identified as Hari Singh, was standing in a queue. \"There was a great rush of devotees in the temple,\" a police officer said, adding that when the elderly person suddenly fell down while in the queue, other devotees informed police.In a separate incident, two passengers of a private bus got electrocuted when they accidentally touched a live wire in Karauli district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386696", "title": "Dumped by BJP, NRI Anshuman Mishra targets MM Joshi", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's embarrassment over its mysterious decision to support NRI Anshuman Mishra for a Rajya Sabha seat from Jharkhand worsened on Friday, when he accused senior party leader and Public Accounts Committee (PAC) chairman Murli Manohar Joshi of seeking to meet the functionaries of companies involved in the 2G scam .Mishra, who was dropped as swiftly as he was backed by the party, said that Joshi, chairman of Parliament's PAC, as well as a \"woman friend\" of his had asked him to arrange meetings with companies who allegedly benefited from the 2G scam. He said that Joshi had sought those meetings with officials of companies when the PAC was investigating the spectrum scam.The NRI, who was talking to a TV channel, also claimed that Joshi repeatedly approached him for funds while contesting the 2004 and 2009 Lok Sabha elections, claiming that his phone records would bear him out.Joshi denied the charge, dubbing Mishra a loser: a reference to the NRI's failure to seal BJP's support after he had got the leadership to direct party's MLAs to support him in the Rajya Sabha elections. Joshi also said that he would welcome a probe into the charges, promising to extend all cooperation.Congress which has been at the receiving end of Joshi's indictments of the government in the PAC, seemed to enjoy the discomfiture of the veteran BJP leader. AICC spokesperson Manish Tiwari said: \" I respect Joshi. But given the nature of allegations by a BJP endorsed RS nominee, who was forced to withdraw because of internal party differences, I leave it to Joshi's conscience what should be his course of action\".The professed respect notwithstanding, the comment could also be interpreted as a hint for Joshi to quit his post. It certainly meant that Congress will be watching Mishra's next steps more carefully than it would ordinarily have.Mishra had earlier attacked L K Advani, Yashwant Sinha and Shanta Kumar for putting a spanner in his Rajya Sabha works.On Friday, he focused his fire on Joshi to the exclusion of other senior BJP leaders, though the hurt over having been axed came out clearly in the form of claim that he had been raising funds for the party since late 1990s.He stressed that his quarrel was not with the BJP as a whole; but only with Joshi who after having taken his help to raise funds, has gone back on his promise to launch him into the \"political stream\".This must be one of the rare instance, where Advani and Joshi, perennially at loggerheads in the organizational equation, have been embarrassed by the same source.Mishra told the TV channel that he had unfettered access to the BJP's top brass and rank and file including chief ministers like Gujarat CM Narendra Modi. Mishra said he was ready to face any probe into his allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12388121", "title": "Pakistan to seek unbiased access to nuclear technology", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani will call for Pakistan to be given \"nondiscriminatory access\" to nuclear technology for peaceful uses, including power generation, at the Nuclear Security Summit to be held in Seoul next week.Gilani, who will attend the Summit in Seoul along with foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar , will be among the lead speakers at an inaugural dinner being hosted by the South Korean president for heads of state and government in the meet.\"The PM will make a strong case for non-discriminatory access to nuclear technology for peaceful uses, including nuclear power generation, to meet our growing energy and development needs,\" said a statement issued by the foreign office on Friday.Gilani will also \"apprise the world leaders on the measures implemented by Pakistan to strengthen the safety and security of nuclear installations and materials\" .Over the past few years, Pakistan has been pushing Western powers for a civil nuclear deal similar to the landmark arrangement concluded by India and the US.The US and other countries have ruled it out, largely due to concerns about the clandestine proliferation ring that was operated by nuclear scientist A Q Khan.Gilani-Manmohan meeting in Seoul?Pakistan premier Gilani is expected to meet his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh and US president Barack Obama on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit in South Korea next week, official sources said on Friday. \"While the meeting with Obama has been finalized, officials are still arranging a meeting with Singh,\" sources in Pakistan said. \"We expect the meeting to go ahead as considerable progress has been made in the peace process, especially the normalization of trade ties, \" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387022", "title": "Shortage of funds derails gauge conversion works at Tambaram", "text": "CHENNAI: A shortage of funds has affected the conversion of three metre-gauge tracks into broad gauge at Tambaram railway station.Presently, suburban broad gauge trains are forced to wait at signal points between Tambaram Sanatorium and the EMU workshop before platforms at the Tambaram station are free for trains from Chennai Beach. In the opposite direction, trains are made to wait either at Perungalathur or at Vandalur for around 20 minutes.Last month, when the automatic signals between Tambaram and Tambaram Sanatorium failed, there was a long disruption of services as only two tracks were available. Additional tracks would have helped a lot, officials said.The delay in the gauge conversion project has also hindered the optimum use of BG suburban trains from both Chengalpet and Chennai Beach.The first broad gauge line at Tambaram was laid in 2004 at platform 2. In 2008, platform one was built. Subsequently, the conversion of lines at platforms 3, 4 and 5 into broad gauge was taken up but had to be halted due to a shortage of funds.\"We have taken up the issue with higher officials during routine meetings and also when they visit Tambaram station for inspections, but there has been no progress,\" said sources in the Dakshin Railway Employees Union (DREU), Chennai.Daily, 160 train services are operated between Chennai Beach and Tambaram, 70 between Tambaram and Chengalpet and 16 between Tambaram and Kancheepuram.The gauge conversion is aimed at running more services between Chennai Beach and Tambaram and to help increase services to Chengalpet from Tambaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12386630", "title": "Police inspector writing world history to help UPSC aspirants", "text": "VADODARA: When he appeared for Gujarat Public Service Commission (GPSC) exams in 2009, police inspector S M Varotariya found it very difficult to find study material for exams. He had tough time travelling from one library to other for getting reference books on history. Though, he somehow managed to gather all the study material, Varotariya wondered why no one ever thought of writing a book that would cover entire world's history. Instead of waiting for such book, Varotariya decided to write one on his own to help civil service aspirants from Gujarat.Without wasting any time, the cop started collecting books from all over the country. \"While preparing for the exams I found it very difficult to find relevant books. If one book contained few important chapters of history another book had some other. I thought about the trouble that all GPSC or UPSC students must be facing while looking for history books,\" Varotariya, who is posted with Karelibaug police station, told TOI.\"I had inclination towards history from my childhood. So I thought of writing a book that would cover entire world history. I knew it would be an uphill task so I discussed the idea with my family and friends. I got encouraging response from them following which I made up my mind. I didn't want civil service aspirants to face the difficulties that I went through,\" said Varotariya, who has completed Masters in Science and Bachelors of Education from Saurashtra University.He has been working on the book since 2009. During the day, he is busy cracking criminal cases and by night he logs onto his computer to type chapters of his book. He, though, said that it would take at least eight months to edit, proof read and publish the book that will come up in Gujarati language. \"I have covered all aspects of history right from the time when human beings first walked on the earth to primitive age, human's development, industrial revolution, histories of important countries and World Wars. I want to make it a perfect read for those aspiring to have entire world history in a single book,\" Varotariya explained.The book will run into 3,000 pages and will be divided into five parts. Varotariya, who joined the police force in 2001, has virtually made a library in one room of his house and has purchased books worth about Rs 3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387670", "title": "Another bid to kidnap child fuels mob fury", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a deadly deja vu for residents of Fatewadi on Friday as, on the second consecutive day, an attempt was made to abduct a child.The incident snowballed into a public outcry as a mob set ablaze 40 shanties near Vishala circle which largely house immigrants from West Bengal. The angry mob blamed these illegal immigrants for abducting children from the city. Nobody was injured in the incident.Some of the slum dwellers, however, claimed that the arson was triggered by false information given to the mob by a local builder who has been eyeing their land for some time for a housing project. \"The builder instigated local residents to attack our home,\" said a slum dweller. Mob fury was also stoked by Thursday's incident where a Bangladeshi woman was held for trying to abduct a boy - four-year-old Ishan Pileja.J B Rana, inspector of Vejalpur police station, said: \"We have got the description of woman and have started search for her.\" On Friday, another woman, who remains unidentified, tried to abduct Arifa Mallik, 7, a resident of Husaini Park II in Fatewadi.It was the presence of mind of Arifa which foiled the attempt. Rana said: \"We have recorded statements of Arifa, her relatives and her teachers. We are now hunting for the woman who was last seen running away from the spot.\"Talking to TOI, Shamim Bano, Arifa's maternal aunt, said the girl is staying with her since her mother Rehana is pregnant and has gone out of the city. Arifa's father also has gone out of station for work.On Friday, she, along with a friend, started off at 12 noon for The New Age School situated close to her residence. \"When she reached near the school, a woman approached her and grabbed her wrist. The woman in her forties had covered her face with a dupatta and was wearing a white salwar-kameez.Arifa told her to let her go but the woman tightened her grip and asked her to come with her. At that time, Arifa's friend, who was walking ahead, turned back and called her. Surprised by this, the woman loosened her grip and Arifa ran all the way to school,\" Shamim Bano said.After she told her story to the teacher, school authorities took her home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386094", "title": "Vidyasagar college girls on the rampage", "text": "KOLKATA: Five students of Vidyasagar Women's College were arrested on Friday after outsiders and students vandalized the college office and the principal's room around 11 am on Friday. The students went on the rampage as their names were not on the list of examinees chosen for Part I exams either due to poor performance in internal examinations or inadequate attendance.Trouble started on Thursday itself when principal Shampa Guha and the teachers were gheraoed for 10 hours by the 136 students the institution has barred from appearing in Part I exams. These students refused to lift the gherao even after Amherst Street police tried to mediate between them and the college authorities. Finally, around 7pm, the principal and teachers urged the police to rescue them who forcibly lifted the gherao. Policemen were posted outside the campus for Thursday night.However, fresh trouble broke out on Friday when classes started. A meeting of the teachers' council was convened in the principal's room. \"While this meeting was on, students locked the principal's room from outside. We could not end the meeting and were forced to call the police. On Thursday, students allowed to appear in Part I exams could not fill up the forms. I did not want that to happen on Friday as well. Finally, police broke the lock from outside and rescued us. I went to our second campus after police informed me of vandalism,\" said Guha.She said she was \"finally forced to lodge a complaint with police after informing the governing body members\". She has also informed Calcutta University authorities.This infuriated the students even more. They stormed into the staff room and the principal's room where they damaged furniture, broke windowpanes and tore up documents. \"Students vandalized the notice board, the attendance books of teachers and students' and other records,\" alleged a teacher.The students then started a road blockade which was forcibly lifted by police. Five students were arrested. DC (North) Vishal Garg visited the spot along with a huge police force on Friday. Garg said: \"We have arrested five students for violence. We are investigating if they belong to any particular students' political organization.\"\"There are 450 students in first year of whom 136 have been barred from taking Part I exams. Of these, 90 have performed badly in internal examinations while the rest did not have adequate attendance,\" Guha said. The principle added: \"After going through the details of their performance throughout the year, we cannot allow them to appear in the university examinations since their scores are very poor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12387560", "title": "Roche to slash cancer drug prices in India", "text": "NEW YORK: Global pharma major Roche is all set to slash the price of two expensive cancer drugs in India, as part of efforts to strengthen its position amid rising competition from generic drug makers, says a media report.\"Roche Holding AG is cutting the price of two expensive cancer drugs in India and giving them new names in an effort to gain market share and avoid competition from generic drugs in the fast-growing economy,\" the Wall Street Journal has reported.Roche head of Middle East and Asian markets Tuygan Goeker told the daily that the prices would be cut in India starting next year.The development comes close on the heels of India permitting Natco Pharma to manufacture and sell cancer treatment drug Nexavar at a price over 30 times lower than charged by its patent-holder Bayer Corporation.\"The arrangement involves Herceptin and Mabthera, the wholesale costs of which are about $3,000 to $4,500 a month per patient,\" the report said. It noted that by offering lower-priced versions, Roche also aims to avoid being compelled under Indian law to allow generic-drug makers to produce less-expensive copies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12386665", "title": "Big fish go scot-free in illegal mining crackdown in Bharatpur", "text": "JAIPUR: As the police booked over 100 labourers involved in mining activities in Bharatpur on Thursday, sources said that the actual mining mafias are likely to go scot-free due to lack of coordination between various departments, including mining and pollution. As no officer of the Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board was in the team which carried out raids at illegal mines near Nagal in Pahari police station area, the police had to release 10 stone crushers which were seized from the spot.The officials of mining department said that only pollution department has the authority to seize them. On the other hand, board officials said that mining department too had all the authority to seize these cruchers.\"These crushers are very costly as each of them is worth over a crore. So if these crushers had been seized, it would have played a great role in curbing illegal mining. But these crushers had to be released,\" said a police officer.Mining engineer, Bharatpur, Pratap Singh said the department has registered an FIR against the firms which owned these crushers. \"These crushers did not have the NOC from the pollution department. So it is their responsibility to seize these crushers,\" said the officer. However, member secretary of the RPCB, DN Pandey, told TOI that the board gives these crusher firms consent to operate.However, if these crushers are deployed in any illegal activity, any law enforcement agency has the authority to seize them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guna (madhya pradesh)", "code": "12391857", "title": "Clean chit to Gujarat MLAs in porn row not a surprise: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "GUNA (MADHYA PRADESH): Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh has said that the recent sleaze scandals in Karnataka and Gujarat Assemblies have exposed the real face of the BJP and the clean chit given to the MLAs concerned in the Narendra Modi-led government was a foregone conclusion.\"The porngate scandals in Karnataka and Gujarat have shown the true face of the BJP...The clean chit given to Gujarat BJP MLAs does not come as a surprise as the accused have themselves become magistrates,\" he said referring to the FSL report which concluded that there were no obscene videos or pictures in the iPAD belonging to MLA Shankar Chaudhary.Singh was talking to reporters yesterday at the local airstrip on way to his hometown Raghogarh for taking part in the Navratri puja.The former MP Chief Minister also dared Madhya Pradesh BJP President Prabhat Jha to contest an election.\"I do not want to make any comment on what Jha says but only wish to point out that he will know the reality if he contests polls,\" Singh said.On the recent Uttar Pradesh assembly elections, he said the Congress had done better than the BJP but admitted that his party had failed to convince the people that it could form a government there.Answering a question on BJP chief Nitin Gadkari , he said that the BJP President was less of a politician and more a businessman.\"It is because of this that Gadkari has sent a businessman to the Rajya Sabha,\" Singh said referring to the BJP chief's close confidant Ajay Sancheti.Singh claimed when Gadkari had given contracts to Sancheti Company in Mumbai, when he was the PWD minister in Maharashtra and then advisor to the Union transport ministry.\"These facts can be proved if any inquiry is conducted into the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12386448", "title": "Bypass project gains momentum", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The project for a bypass road connecting Mamam near Attingal to Manambur gained momentum with the state PWD asking the National Highway Authority of India to speed up the construction of the bypass. Public works minister V K Ebrahim Kunju informed Attingal MLA B Satyan that a formal request for the same has been sent to the NHAI.The 10.6 km Mamam-Manambur bypass is a long pending dream of the locals. \"It is necessary as the traffic along the Attingal-Kazhakoottam stretch during peak hours have increased manifold. Accidents are also happening in this stretch. Kallambalam, Mamam and Attingal junctions are choked with vehicles in mornings and evenings,\" Satyan said while presenting a calling attention in the assembly recently. He said the bypass will help decongest the road and reduce accident rates.The minister said the land acquisition proceedings have been initiated under the 3 a(1) notification mentioned by the NH act. \"The bypass will be built as 45-metre wide in the NH standards,\" he said. As soon as the NHAI approves our request, work can be started, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12393342", "title": "'Dhanush will take Bollywood by storm'", "text": "\"Tanu Weds Manu\" director Aanand Rai, who has roped in 'Kolaveri Di' hitmaker Dhanush for his next film, says the film will break the myth that actors from South do not taste success in Bollywood.Having cast Dhanush opposite Sonam Kapoor in the film, Aanand says that the National award winning actor will take Bollywood by storm with \"Raanjhana\".\"We have so many girls from down South stepping into Hindi films but filmmakers seem to get cold feet when it comes to actors. Maybe 'Raanjhana' would break the myth that actors from South aren't successful in Hindi films. I have seen Dhanush's work down South, he will take Bollywood by storm,\" Aanand told.After the success of \"Tanu Weds Manu\", apparently there was pressure on Aanand to rope in a much more 'saleable' name. But the director said, \"I don't understand one thing. When we have no qualms picking up films from down South for remaking them in Bollywood, why not do the same with heroes as well?\"Set in Varanasi, \"Raanjhana\" is a love story of a middle class boy and girl. Known for capturing the authenticity of various small towns and cities in \"Tanu Weds Manu\", Aanand is expected to bring similar flavour in his new film as well,\"This is also going to be a close-to-soil film. Dhanush is going to melt everyone's heart in the role of this loveable guy from Varanasi. The female character too would have a mind of her own despite hailing from a small town. She is street- smart and not a pushover. Beyond that it would be futile to talk since it is too early,\" said Aanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12386698", "title": "Police constable conferred gallantry award, out-of-turn promotion in Barmer", "text": "JAISALMER: In recognition of his bravery, Barmer police constable Purkharam, son of Neembaram, has been conferred with the gallantry award and given out-of-turn promotion.Barmer SP Santosh Chalke said DGP Harish Chandra Meena during his visit to Jodhpur two days ago had announced this award to Purkharam.Constable Purkharam displayed exemplary courage when he, despite being hit by a bullet, caught a criminal, Kamlesh, who was trying to escape from the police. The incident happened on March 14, 2012 at a place nearly five kilometres away from Barmer. The criminal fired at the police while trying to flee and Purkharam got injured, but still he chased and caught him.Kamlesh is the kingpin of a vehicle-lifting gang. He was running away on a stolen vehicle, when police chased him.DGP Meena while announcing the award for Purkharam, said other police personnel should get inspired by the brave act of the constable.Purkharam, who was born on May 15, 1979, joined the police department on March 9, 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12386385", "title": "Tribunal seeks MoEF reply to settle Kaziranga dispute", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has asked the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) to file a counter affidavit on the issue of stone crusher units around Kaziranga National Park by April 19, which is the next date of hearing.In its order dated March 21, NGT said the reply of MoEF has become necessary for resolving the dispute. NGT also said that \"heavy cost\" will be imposed if MoEF failed to file counter affidavit by April 19. \"The dispute cannot be resolved without a reply from the Union ministry of environment and forest. The MoEF counsel is directed to file a counter affidavit on behalf of the ministry,\" NGT said.The state forest department submitted its reply to NGT saying that no stone crusher units are operating around Kaziranga located in the Bokakhat subdivision of Golaghat district following the Gauhati high court order of 2009.\"While majority of the stone quarries (stone crusher units) have been closed at present, there are some operating in Karbi Anglong east forest division of Karbi Anglong district. But, these quarries were permitted to operate on some private lands by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) authorities after careful inquiry and after ensuring that the ecological balance of the particular area is not affected,\" the department stated in the reply. NGT, in its interim order, had categorically asked the state government not to grant permission to any new crusher unit or any other industrial unit within the \"No Development Zone\" of Kaziranga National Park.The department also informed the NGT that a Kaziranga biodiversity conservation and development committee had been constituted. Karbi Anglong and Kaziranga form a vital corridor for elephant movement. KAAC said no stone crusher units were installed within the reserved forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12387466", "title": "Five Patna University examinees expelled", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) is taking all necessary steps to ensure fair conduct of its ongoing examinations. Sufficient number of invigilators have been deputed at all the examination centres to check the use of unfair means at the examination halls.As many as five examinees were expelled from the B N College examination centre for adopting unfair means on Friday, said principal P K Poddar. While four students were expelled from the LL B Part III examination, one student was expelled from Degree Part III honours examination.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha said no case of unfair means was reported from this centre. The cellphone of a student was taken away by the invigilator as examinees are not allowed to carry cellphones inside the examination hall, he said. PU VC Shambhu Nath Singh visited the examination centres to take stock of the situation.Campus placement: Jobs virtually rained for the students of the National Institute of Technology (NIT) Patna as 16 of them were selected in a campus interview held by the software wing of popular electronic concern Samsung .In the process of campus selection, as many as 150 students from six engineering colleges of the state, namely, NIT Patna, IIT Patna, BIT Patna, MIT Muzaffarpur, BCE Bhagalpur and WTI Motihari, participated out of whom 19 were selected. As many as 16 from NIT Patna, two from BIT Patna and one from IIT Patna got the job offer. The students were given a salary package ranging from Rs 4.75 lakh-Rs 5.75 lakh/annum, said NIT placement officer Sanjeev Sinha.Technical festival: NIT students are busy preparing for their three-day annual technical festival, 'Corona, 2012', here from April 3 to 5. Students from different technical institutions of the country are likely to participate in this festival of technical knowledge and fun. The festival will showcase the artistic and the scientific reaches of contemporary architecture and its progressive sustainability through 'Aayam', the dynamic world of programme codes through 'Byte-World', the evolved aesthetics of civil engineering through 'Concrete', a festoon of biting problem statements and optimized mechanisms through 'Robotics', designing and debugging the labyrinths of intricate circuits through 'Ohm' and the rendezvous with the concept of machines through `Yantriki'.A guest lecture by APJ Abdul Kalam's OSD and advisor Srijan Pal Singh and workshops on 'MATLAB' and 'Autonomous Robotics' will help the students learn the intricacies of science and technology. Events like `Inferno' and `Streets' and a band performance by `M Sonic' will be interesting cultural items to be performed by the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392832", "title": "Telly heartbreakers steam it up under the shower", "text": "Prime time telly hotties seem to be feeling the heat. Well literally! Or else why would they get down to their bare minimum on screen? Of course in the process they are generating loads of droolworthy moments, by doing what they do best (no offense to their histrionic capabilities, but some soapbox posterboys are often signed up essentially for their tremendous female fan following).Even while everyone's spent a lot of energy talking about the recently aired steamy love scene of Bade Achche Lagte Hai(which ensured the show more respectable TRPs), four small screen heartthrobs, Barun Sobti ( Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Ko Kya Naam Doon?), Gurmeet Choudhary ( Punar Vivaah - Zindagi Milegi Dobara), Anas Rashid ( Diya Aur Baati) and Karan Tacker ( Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai) went under the shower (of course the script demanded that mandatory scene, how else would the leading lady slip into the washroom, inadvertently of course, trip into his ), flaunting their rippling and chiseled abs, whipping up enough lather, er, TRPs to keep the audience refrain from hitting the remote control.Desperate times call for desperate measures. At a time when entertainment television has a fragmented viewership and audience loyalty depends on the storyline swings and dramatic twists, the advantages of having a male lead blessed with Greek God like good looks and toned physique can come quite handy. Especially when the hero in a daily soap has very little role to perform besides sealing deals, attending board meetings and rescuing the 'falling' heroine. When the TRPs head southwards, and the producer needs a quick fix formula, the shower scene usually works like a dream. A poster-perfect specimen of male perfection with rippling muscles and scantily (un)clad in a towel can at least generate some enthusiasm and make millions of viral views, besides of course making nubile heart beats accelerate.Not that shower scenes are a first. In the recent past, Hussain Kuwajerwala, has steamed it up in Kumkumin his docile, dutiful husband avatar, Karan Singh Grover has shed his inhibitions in Dill Mill Gayyeand Dil Dosti and Dance,Arjun Bijlani has even slipped into a bathtub for Miley Jab Hum Tum, Karan Tacker has reprised the Ranbir Kapoor towel scene from Saawariyain Rang Badalti Odhniand Gurmeet Choudhary's taken many showers in Geet Hui Sabse Parayi. As Karan Singh Grover had shared once that \"it's not possible to shower with your shirt on\", an entire brigade of telly dreamboats have taken his preachings to heart and are personally ensuring that the shirt's not around during a screen shower. Now if you wonder why, the hero needs a shower in the first place when the storyline needed something more substantial, come on, those scenes are not for the fainthearted, they are meant to make you weak-kneed! The shower scenes are just props to rev up the sagging storyline and may be, just may be ensure the show gets to be talk of Tellytown and beyond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387522", "title": "Pearls from Senegal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the third day of African Film Festival, 'Lumiere d'Afrique' by Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, 'Le Collier et la Perle', a documentary film directed by Mamadou Sellou Diallo, from Senegal .Deeply poetic, the film, a letter written by a father to his daughter, explores the mystery of womanhood. \"It completely subverts the way we look at bodies, specifically women's bodies - desexualizing it,\" said Gaurang Sadhu, a film student. \"Also one can't help noticing how similar some of their customs and practices are to ours,\" added Sadhu. Filled with native traditions, this was not only just a language lesson, but also a window to see other cultures and traditions - the French way!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386067", "title": "One person held for running over youth", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police on Friday arrested the accused driver who had run over a 25-year-old youth in Gomtinagar on Thursday night. The accused, Rajesh Tewari, 36, was arrested from Sitapur where he was hiding at a relative's home.According to police, while passing from Vishesh Khand in Gomtinagar on Thursday night, Tewari had hit Arjun Bahadur's four-wheeler which was parked on the roadside. Arjun demanded compensation from Tewari. Some locals too joined Arjun. But, instead of getting into a conversation, Tewari ran over Arjun with his SUV. Arjun was rushed to Ram Manohar Lohiya hospital where doctors had declared him brought dead.Reports said Tewari was in an inebriated state at the time of incident. On Friday, Tewari told the police that he had come to drop his father at his brother's house in Vishesh Khand. He said Arjun called upon people around and threatened him. Reports had said there were three persons in the SUV but the police on Friday said Tewari was the lone occupant in the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12386426", "title": "Rs 15 cr project to solve Kovalam\u2019s water woes", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The newly-announced drinking water scheme for Kovalam has come as a breather for the residents of the prime tourist spot who have been facing acute water crisis.The Rs 15 crores project, announced by tourism minister A P Anilkumar, is expected to be completed within a year.The hotels and resorts in Kovalam will be the biggest beneficiaries of this project. \"All these years, they have been buying water at huge rates. With the implementation of the scheme, Kovalam will become self-sustained in terms of water distribution,\" said Kovalam MLA Jameela Prakasham.As per the project, the water required for the entire area will be sourced from Vellayani lake. A water treatment plant with a capacity of 7.6 million litres per day will be set up to distribute the water. The water collected from the lake will be purified in the plant and distributed through a network of pipes. The project will be implemented by Kerala Water Authority. Officials have identified about two acres of land close to the Vellayani agriculture college campus for the installation of the plant.The project is funded jointly by Tourism department and corporation. The tourism department will spend Rs 14 crore and the rest of the expense will be met by the corporation. \"The amount will be received before March 31 and the project will commence in the first week of April. It will certainly ensure clean drinking water supply for Kovalam,\" said superintendent engineer K P Krishnakumar.Earlier the project was envisaged to cover Kovalam, Vizhinjam, Kalliyoor and Venganoor. The present scheme will only cover Kovalam and some wards in Vizhinjam which have been declared as tourism zones. \"Additional funds will have to be allocated for similar projects in Vizhinjam and Kalliyoor. With the delimitation of wards, Vizhinjam now comes under the corporation and hence it cannot be included in this new scheme,\" explained Prakasham.An amount close to Rs 82 lakh has already been allotted by the MLA to resolve the water crisis in Kovalam. \"Seven new tube wells will be built in various areas. Besides this, Rs 22 lakh will be spent on repairing damaged water pumps. The problem is so severe that I have also requested for an additional fund of Rs 20 lakh,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12387402", "title": "OC suspended for taking bribe", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Barkaon police station officer in charge (OC) Veenam Kumar was suspended on Thursday for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1.44 lakh to release a Tikri villager from jail.Police said Kumar arrested Sona Sao, the villager, on February 7 for smuggling timber worth several thousands of rupees. When Sao reached the Barkagaon police station, the OC allegedly asked him to pay Rs 1.5 lakh for his release. The victim and his relatives could arrange Rs 1.44 lakh and paid it to the OC with a promise to pay the balance later.The OC allowed him to return home with his tractor without registering any case. The villagers after hearing the matter from Kumar lodged a complaint with Hazaribag SP Pankaj Kamboj who suspended him. Kamboj sent DSP Satyendra Singh to Barkagaon to inquire into the allegations against the OC. Singh found the allegations against the OC true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388391", "title": "Free training tomorrow", "text": "NASHIK: The Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University ( YCMOU) will be conducting a special workshop on Sunday, to impart free training in 'soft skills' to its students.The workshop will be free for students of the university and would be conducted in the university's study centres at Nashik, Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur, Aurangabad, Amravati, Nanded, Kolhapur and Kalyan.The three-hour long training programme will touch upon issues like time management, communication skills and interview preparation. The programme is expected to benefit over 1,000 students. The university intends to expand the training for distance learners ut across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385818", "title": "Newborn\u2019s body found in dustbin in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A burnt body of a newborn baby was found in a dustbin at Indira Nagar, Begumpet, on Friday.Begumpet police said the body was lying in the dustbin alongside the compound wall of Begumpet airport. The body was burnt when civic workers allegedly set fire to the garbage in the bin at around 12.15 pm on Friday. It could not be ascertained whether the baby was alive when it was abandoned.Since it got burnt completely, its sex too could not be determined, Begumpet sub-inspector BR Devadanam said. The body was sent for post-mortem. Meanwhile, police registered a case under section 318 (concealment of birth by secret disposal of dead body) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12387882", "title": "Who gave city licence to spill?", "text": "After the recent rise in the crime graph of the city, a large section of the population sees mushrooming liquor vends and uncontrolled drinking in open places as the root cause of the problem. A TOI-Ipsos survey shows that one-fourth of city women feel that if pubs are closed early, city streets would become safer at night. Police also claim that most of the pub brawls happen after midnight.But the big question is who will bell the cat? While city police have raised the demand for closing all pubs and bars by midnight, the excise department says the pubs pay extra licence fee to operate post-midnight.Similarly, days after the alleged rape of a pub employee, the DCP (crime) had mooted a proposal of reducing the number of pubs at Sahara Mall. He also proposed enforcement of a deadline of midnight on all the bars.But the excise department is not ready to accept any such proposal. \"The liquor vends and pubs are working as per the law. They get the mandatory permissions from the state government. The pubs and vends are a source of revenue for the state. Maintaining law and order is the responsibility of police and district authorities, not the excise department,\" said Haryana excise minister Kiran Choudhry.She, however, added that if there was any complaint relating to violation of excise laws against any of the pubs her department would take stringent action.As per the norms, a pub that operates till midnight pays Rs 6 lakh per annum for licence. But to operate for 2 more hours, a pub pays additional fee of Rs 5 lakh. Most of the city pubs have the licence to operate till 2am.But sources in the district administration have a different story to tell. As per the norms, an excise inspector should visit every licensed pub at least once a month to check if the rules are being followed. \"The excise officials failed in enforcing their own laws.Had there been proper vigil on the pubs, we would not have seen so many brawls and crimes against women,\" said a district administration official. He added that the pub owners flouted the norms by not officially hiring the women who worked for them: \"Even in the recent gang rape case, one of the pub owners had conveniently washed of his hands saying she was not on the rolls of his firm.\"While different arms of the government are busy passing the buck, it's the ordinary citizen who has to live in the shadow of fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12387902", "title": "\u2018Women make better bosses than men\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Women in management positions are often perceived as more demanding and difficult to work with, but a new study has found that they are actually better bosses compared to men.According to the Spanish survey, women in top posts are more democratic, allow employees to participate in decision-making and establish interpersonal channels of communication much better than men.\"We find that in workplaces with more women managers, more individualized employee feedback is carried out,\" study author Eduardo Melero, a professor at the Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, said.The increased communication between management and employees in companies with women in management positions has a two-fold benefit.First, these companies are able to make more well-informed decisions, since employee feedback will be utilized in the decision-making process. Also, employees will also have the feeling of contributing to and having their opinions heard at work.\"Women managers seem to be more inclined to use these types of practices, individually, as well as promoting them among the rest of the management team,\" Melero said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386408", "title": "'Adoption not possible without Central Adoption Resource Authority'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rebecca Morlock managed to adopt an Indian child and secured visa in five years without once involving Central Adoption Resource Authority (CARA) - an agency of ministry of women and child development for inter-country adoption. However, the government agency said inter-country adoption is not possible without its involvement. CARA's guidelines state that persons residing abroad can \"adopt children only through CARA authorized agencies known as Authorized Foreign Adoption Agency (AFAA)\". Otherwise the person should register with an AFAA or a central authority nearest to their place of residence.A CARA official said in every inter-country adoption case, the application has to go through them. He said, \"A person, be it a foreign national or an NRI, has to go through CARA for adoption. There is an application, which can be downloaded from our website or it can be filed online by foreign nationals looking to adopt in India. No independent process can be initiated without involving CARA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388428", "title": "Farmers dispute state stand on land", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the state revenue department claimed that villagers from Jogaltembhi had agreed to give up their land for the construction of the proposed Eklahara-Sinnar (Gulvanch) railway track on the Nashik-Pune railway route, the face-off between the authorities and the farmers continues, with some farmers objecting to the statement, saying that all farmers have not agreed to part with their land.\"We know there are some elements who have might have given their consent. Neither were we aware of the meeting with the collector nor are we ready to part with our land, forget accept the remuneration for the same,\" local farmer Kachru Jejurkar said.Officials claimed that the farmers from Jogaltembhi had responded positively to the government's offer of Rs 15 lakh per acre for a rain-fed area and Rs 30 lakh per acre for irrigated land, plus the valuation of houses, trees and wells separately. \"The farmers are ready and they have given their consent for the same,\" said Sinnar tehsildar Ramsing Sulane.However, in sharp contrast, some of the farmers from the area have categorically denounced any such statement, saying that only a few might have gone ahead with the agreement.\"In all, eight acres of land is required for the project from our village. Four of us have 1.5 acre of land each and we do not have any plans to give land for the project. There are wells in the farms. If they go for the project, a huge area will go without water and the land will turn barren. The farmers that went to the administration on Thursday were small farmers only. How can the administration claim that villagers have agreed to give their land,\" asked Jejurkar.The meeting of the farmers with the collector concluded around 9pm on Thursday. Jejurkar claimed he got the news from the neighbouring village of Naigaon on Friday. It was a closely guarded secret and this is likely to trigger tension in the village of Jogaltembhi, he said.Collector P Velrasu however said that all those who were willing to give the land and had given their consent to the state were already in talks with the administration.\"This is the best deal that we have given to the farmers. Nothing can go beyond this. Those willing to come forth are welcome,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12390804", "title": "Indian, US cos seek Obama's intervention on L1 visa delays", "text": "WASHINGTON: Top Indian and American IT companies have sought the intervention of US President Barack Obama on \"unprecedented delays and uncertainty\" around L1 work visas, which they argued is badly effecting their business and work, a media report said.In a letter to Obama, these companies claimed that immigration authorities were exceeding the law in rejecting their applications for L1 visas, which are used for intra-company transfers of employees from foreign offices to US offices, Computerworld has reported.\"Such delays or denials do not enhance compliance or enforcement and do nothing except disrupt carefully-laid business plans and create significant costs to the company and the American economy,\" the companies told Obama according to Computerworld.IT majors Wipro Technologies, Tata America International Corp, a subsidiary of Tata Consultancy Services , Cognizant Technology Solutions and Accenture, eBay, EMC, General Electric , Hewlett-Packard Co, Intel , Microsoft, Texas Instruments and Boeing , Dow Chemical , Caterpillar and Chevron USA had written the letter on Thursday.The US Chamber of Commerce has also signed the letter. From 2005 through 2007, the denial rate for L-1B petitions ranged from six to seven per cent ; in 2008 it rose to 22 per cent, and has not sunk below that level since; in 2011 it was at 27 per cent, according to Bo Cooper, an immigration attorney at Berry Appleman and Leiden.The letter said that US immigration authorities have adopted an \"inconsistent and improperly narrowed definition\" of specialized knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12387381", "title": "Biogas plant fuels energy needs of Madurai college", "text": "MADURAI: In an effort to tap green energy, a college in the rural outskirts of the city has come up with a biogas plant in its campus that uses human and kitchen waste to produce cooking gas. In collaboration with the Sulabh International Social Service Organisation, Arul Anandar College at Karumathur near here successfully inaugurated the plant during the 42nd college day celebrations on Friday.Principal Xavier Vedam said the biogas plant was the first of its kind in a college set up. \"Along with various rural development activities taken up by the college, we thought of coming up with a biogas plant to use green energy from kitchen and human waste generated on the campus,\" he said. Sulabh International has been installing such plants in many parts of the country but were collaborating with a college for the first time, he added. \"They contributed Rs 5 lakh of the Rs 9 lakh project. The plant became operational from February and we have observed that the monthly LPG usage has come down by 30%,\" Vedam said. \"We will be happy to guide others who want to install a similar kind of biogas plant in their institutions,\" Vedam added.\"At present, we are using LPG cylinders to fire only the huge ovens used for cooking dosa, chapattis and use the gas from the biogas plant for cooking other things like vegetables, sambar etc. The LPG usage has come down significantly,\" Muthu, a hostel cook said.Environ India, a Nagercoil based industry involved in setting up the biogas plant, installed the plant in the college. \"The biogas plant uses anaerobic processes to produce methane from kitchen and human waste which is then used for cooking purposes. Organic waste management is a concern and if not disposed properly. Hence, setting up a biogas plant can be very useful for even a small household. The biogas plant made of FRP (fibre reinforced plastic) requires zero maintenance and is leakage-free unlike the conventional iron domes used earlier,\" Selva Baskar of Environ India said.\"The installation charges start from Rs 10,000 onwards and every day half a kg of biogas will be produced from the small household plant. For a month, it will be equivalent to an LPG cylinder of 14.5 kgs. Biogas plants are environment- friendly. St Xavier's college at Palayamkottai has also installed a small electrical unit of 5 kv using the biogas,\" Baskar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12385722", "title": "South Goa fire station saved property worth 14cr from Jan \u201911", "text": "MARGAO: The district fire station, Margao, has saved property worth 14 crore from fire and other incidents, during the period from January 2011 to February 2012, records obtained from the fire and emergency services (F&ES;) have revealed. Besides, a total of 121 lives were saved by the F&ES; personnel during the same period.Fire stations at Margao, Curchorem, Canacona and Verna, coming under the jurisdiction of the district fire station, Margao, received a total of 860 calls during the said period, out of which 50 pertained to major incidents.Assistant divisional fire officer, Nitin Raikar, who heads the district fire station, Margao, told TOI that most of the calls pertaining to incidents of fire occurred due to electrical short circuits. Raikar has urged shopkeepers to switch off the main power, while closing their shops for the day.The fire that broke out at the Adarsh society building and Achal industries at Balli, when the tribals' agitation turned violent on May 25, 2011, tops the list of incidents where firefighters battled against raging flames, while putting their lives on the line. Though two youth lost their lives in the incidents, the fire fighters rescued four persons who were trapped inside one of the buildings.\"Special fire fighting equipments were used in the operation that lasted well over 15 hours. Though the total loss was estimated to be 6.5 crore, property worth several crores of rupees was saved,\" said Raikar, who supervised the entire operation.The landslide at Cuddegal mine of the Fomento group in June 2011 was another major incident that had F&ES; personnel working relentlessly in search and rescue operations that lasted over a period of five days. The bodies of three persons trapped underneath the debris were later recovered. 208 school teachers from different schools in South Goa have been provided training in fire safety with evacuation drill procedure being conducted at the district fire station (South), Aquem, Margao, it was informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12386034", "title": "Committee to look into hydro plant proposals", "text": "PUNE: The state government has appointed a committee to scrutinise proposals to set up hydro power plants at 100 sites in the state. At present, small hydro projects are being set up at 88 spots in dams and canals which have the potential to generate 270 MW power.The committee would speed up the procedure of identifying potential sites, inviting and scrutinising tenders and sending the proposals to the state government for final approval, said Tatyarao Munde, superintending engineer, irrigation (Koyna design circle).Munde also works as a nodal officer for small hydro power projects and is the member secretary of the recently formed 'Small Hydro-Electric Plants Coordination Committee'.As per the 2005 Hydro Power Project Policy, the state government invited private players to set up power projects at dams and canals. Private companies are setting up hydro projects at 88 identified spots and the plants are in various stages of completion. Another 100 spots have been identified and the government will issue tenders for them soon, said Munde.In Pune district, one hydro power plant is generating 6 MW at Neera-Devghar dam. Khadakwasla dam would have a 0.7 MW power plant, which is currently under construction. The actual power generation would start within the next 10 months, Munde said. The committee would prepare a district-wise data of the dams, their potential and actual utilisation.Temghar dam will also have a 4 MW hydro power project, which was recently cleared by the state government. The company is expected to start construction of the power plant soon, Munde said. The power generation contract for the right bank canal of Veer dam has been given to a private company which would generate 9 MW power. The state government is already running a 4.8 MW power plant on the left bank canal of Veer dam, he added.The selected private companies are expected to run the plants for 35 years from the date of commissioning and then hand them over to the state government. The built-operate-transfer mode is being followed to save expenditure on construction and maintenance of such projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392839", "title": "Chiru family give Nandi awards a miss", "text": "The prestigious State government-sponsored-Nandi Awards function held on Friday evening at Lalitha Kala Thoranam, Hyderabad saw the absence of the Chiranjeevi family even though both Ram Charan and Allu Arjun's movies won awards.Ram Charan Tej was awarded the Special Jury award for his \"Magadheera\" for the year 2009. Even though it is the young actor's first award, he was not present to receive it. Allu Aravind, the only representative present at the event from the Chiru family, received the award on the actor's behalf. Meanwhile, Allu Arjun's movie, \"Vedam\" bagged the Best Film award for the year 2010.According to sources, the buzz is that the Chiru group gave the awards night a miss to avoid any conflict with Balakrishna fans who were expected in huge numbers at the event - Balakrishna received the Best Actor award for 2010 for his performance in \"Simha\". Watch this space for more...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386429", "title": "Navaratra greetings to woo voters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Political parties may not have decided the fate of sitting councillors, but that has not stopped ticket-seekers from consolidating their vote bank. From sending letters to wish people on Navaratra, to garnering support through SMSs, they are finding new ways to reach out to people.\"We are distributing personalized letters to wish residents on Navaratra. Since there is a limit for SMSs, letters come in handy. Some SMSs are being sent to important people like RWA members,\" said Rajeev from Arcana India, a PR agency.Many councillors have even asked for greeting cards to be distributed during the festive season. Aspiring councillors are also following suit. \"Some aspiring candidates have asked us to design calendars with their pictures. These will be distributed in their areas. A man whose wife will be contesting from Punjabi Bagh has asked to make a customized calendar with his and his wife's picture,\" said Rajeev. Councillors are also organizing special poojas to increase goodwill. They are highlighting the developmental work carried out during their term by distributing books and pamphlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12393083", "title": "Veteran Malayalam actor Jose Prakash passes away", "text": "KOCHI: Veteran Malayalam actor Jose Prakash died in a private hospital this afternoon in Kochi following protracted illness. He was 86.The departed actor had acted in about 350 movies during his career that spread over five decades. Jose Prakash or Babychayan, was born in Changanassery, Kottayam. Jose Prakash was working in army before entering film industry. He had served for British Indian army for 8 years.He later left army and return to his homeland and start small business. Having interest in cinema and music from childhood he started a small club with his friends called Kottayam Arts Club in which he was the lead singer. Unlike many other actors of that age he was not a theatre or stage artist.Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair once saw his performance and called him as a singer for his debut directorial film Shariyo Thetto (1953). It was Thikkurissy who gave him the name Jose Prakash. His first break as an actor was Bhakta Kuchela in 1961. But as a villain, his major break was in Olavum Theravum in 1969 and he later went on to do many films mostly in villain roles. He and KP Ummer dominated Malayalam film industry in the role of anti-heroes. A few days back he got the state recognition for his life time achievements in films.The 20 th J C Daniel award was announced on March 23 for Jose Prakash's inimitable contribution to the Malayalam film industry. He is survived by his six children, 4 daughters and 2 sons. He lost his wife Chinnamma in 1993.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12386334", "title": "Leadership quality camp for northeast youths ends", "text": "GUWAHATI: Gandhi Smriti and Darhsan Samiti (GSDS) is on the look out for propping up young leaders in the northeast for dealing with issues that are plaguing the region for years.GSDS director Manimala told mediapersons on Friday that a two-day camp on youth and women leadership programme which it had organized here was attended by many youngsters. GSDS was formed in 1984 as an autonomous body functioning under the ministry of culture. The Prime Minister is its chairperson and it has a nominated body of senior Gandhians and representatives of various government departments to guide it in its activities. The aim of GSDS is to propagate philosophy of Mahatma Gandhi through socio-educational and cultural programmes.\"The youths have expressed their deep understanding on the issues which are of vital importance. There were interactions on diverse issues, including violence, unemployment , domestic violence, child abuse and threats to indigenous cultures. The camps were organized to understand the issues in the region from the youths and women,\" said Manimala.The camp was organized at Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra here from March 22 to 23. She added that in the coming days, the thrust would be on how to inculcate leadership qualities among youths of the region so that they can deal with these problems.GSDS has been supporting organizations like Asha Darshan to bring about socio-economic changes in remote areas of Baska district in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12385684", "title": "US woman adopts Indian boy via video-conferencing", "text": "NEW DELHI: In one of the first cases of its kind, an American woman has been allowed to adopt an Indian child through video-conferencing, after the mother and child deposed before a US district court from Delhi. The adoption did not involve the Central Adoption Resource Authority (CARA) either, in itself a precedent. On Friday, 31-year-old Rebecca Morlock flew home with Kyle, the boy from Kalimpong who was handed over to her as a newborn four years ago.Going through the Supreme Court, a Delhi district court, the US embassy and a US district court, Rebecca managed to bridge the adoption and immigration laws in the two countries. Once the Delhi court granted her guardianship rights in 2009, in record nine months, the US court approved the adoption.Rebecca's quest began in January 2008, when an unwed mother in a village near Kalimpong in West Bengal was desperate to give up her two-day-old baby, fearing ostracism. Word came to Rebecca, who had volunteered to teach at children's homes there since 2007. \"I knew instantly that I would do whatever it took to make him my son legally,\" she recalls. \"I loved him with all my heart rightaway and was determined to give him the best possible life.\"Finding little help in Kolkata, she came to Delhi and contacted her embassy, which sent her to advocate Gaurang Kanth. The legal team first got the guardianship proceedings transferred from a Kalimpong court to Delhi by a Supreme Court order. In 2009, district judge Gurdeep Kumar granted Rebecca the certificate of guardianship, but with several conditions, as laid down by the Supreme Court for such cases. She was also directed to set up a fixed deposit for Kyle so that he could fly back if she failed to finalize the adoption within two years. There was one hitch, though-while Indian laws mandated that she take Kyle to the US for adoption, the US immigration insisted she adopt Kyle in Delhi before taking him home.Rebecca then got a rare allowance from the US, with authorities giving her clearance to finalize the adoption via video-conferencing. Kyle's passport was issued last year after consultations between the local and US authorities, including a US state judge. By end of 2011, US immigration approved a visa for Kyle and earlier this month, the US court permitted her to return home with the boy.When TOI met her hours before her departure for the US, Rebecca was ecstatic. \"Every step of this journey has been challenging and it has been new territory. Our case has set a precedent in both countries. It is my hope that through this, people will have courage and hope, and the legal guidelines to rescue more babies in a similar manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12377632", "title": "Jackie Shroff's son Tiger in Aashiqui 2", "text": "Jackie Shroff's son will be one of the male leads in Mahesh Bhatt's upcoming ventureJuly 23, 1990, Mahesh Bhatt's directorial Aashiqui hit the theatres. The film that went on to become a runaway success, not only made music directors Nadeem-Shravan and singer Kumar Sanu famous but also introduced two fresh faces Rahul Roy and Anu Agarwal to Bollywood.Twelve years later, the Bhatts are ready to create another Aashiqui, one of the most celebrated love stories of the Hindi cinema industry. And though a nationwide hunt has been launched to find the two new faces for the Mohit Suri directed project, Mirror has learnt that the Bhatts have already zeroed in on their male lead.According to sources from the industry, Jackie Shroff's son Tiger, who was initially going to be launched by Subhash Ghai and then rumoured to be introduced to filmdom by none other than Aamir Khan , will be the male lead in Mahesh Bhatt's new age Aashiqui. The project, reportedly based on Mahesh Bhatt's first love, will have two male and two female actors.Saying that they have already launched a nation wide hunt to look for newcomers to be cast in Aashiqui 2, Mahesh Bhatt told Mirror, \"We will not select anyone till the newcomer does not filter through the process. So we have not finalised Tiger for the film.\"However, Bhatt did not deny the fact that he has indeed met the young actor. \"We have met for something else. Film people meet film people. And then, Tiger is the son of a very dear friend Jackie. We met and discussed something. But nothing has been finalised yet.\"However, a source from the production house confirmed, \"Aashiqui 2 will have to leading pairs unlike the first. And Tiger is definitely one of them. The formalities need to be worked out. A massive publicity plan is being discussed for his launch. The contest that has been launched will only determine the other lead pair in the film. Mahesh and Mukesh Bhatt are very keen on launching Tiger Shroff.\"Guess , Tiger's first film has finally been decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387255", "title": "Team Anna survey raises political eyebrows", "text": "NAGPUR: Team Anna in Nagpur is seeking suggestions from citizens on future course of their movement if the union government failed to bring a strong Lokpal Bill.A single page survey form prepared by India Against Corruption asks respondents to choose from five answers. Of these, three choices will ultimately put IAC in political arena.IAC Nagpur is exploring three political choices - One is to form their own political party, second is to support another political party and third is to support candidates from IAC itself.Ajay Sanghi, city coordinator for IAC, said, \"We are doing this as a local initiative and not under orders from the core committee. We have always maintained that the people should decide what course Team Anna should take. After gathering information through this survey we will forward the decision of Nagpurians to our core committee members.\"The form distribution will happen in two phases and IAC hopes to reach out to a large number of citizens.\"This Sunday IAC Nagpur is observing a one-day fast in support of Anna Hazare's fast at Delhi. Every citizen who comes to RBI Square will be given these forms to fill up. In the second phase, our volunteers will be spreading out across the city at busy junctions and handing out the forms,\" said Sanghi.Political parties in the city, however, say that IAC's real ambitions are now coming out in the open. Leader of opposition in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) Vikas Thakre, said, \"Team Anna seeking such views proves that this was the ultimate idea behind the movement. Many political leaders and citizens were suspecting such political ambitions behind the movement and finally it is coming true,\" he said.Bhupesh Thulkar, general secretary of RPI (Athawale) state unit, said, \"citizens were hoping for a different scenario in the nation when Team Anna's movement started and that is why it evoked a good response in initial stage. Later support started to decline due to infighting in the team and different statements from top leaders. If Team Anna speaks about such political motives, it will not be appealing to citizens at all. This also proves the political intentions of IAC, excluding Anna himself, and also NGOs right from the start.\"IAC's Sanghi, however, countered these allegations saying they were just seeking people's opinion. \"The political colours to our survey are being given by politicians only. We want to seek guidance from the people on what should be the course of our action, the final decision will be of people,\" he said.Congress MP from city Vilas Muttemwar said, though anybody could launch a political party in a democratic set up, there are some challenges as well. \"A party requires ideology and leadership with clear ideas. Congress is the party of people and in political field because it has all these. Let Team Anna launch a party and test the waters itself, because ultimately public will decide their fate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12391550", "title": "Theatre will always be my first love: Jayaraj Warrier", "text": "After moving from theatre to caricaturing on stage and then to anchoring and films, Jayaraj Warrier, who describes himself as a performer more than anything else, seems to have settled down in films, once and for all.Right now Warrier is busy shooting for Thiruvambady Thamban, where he plays a housekeeper in a family of elephant lovers. Jagathy and Jayaram play the lead roles in the movie. Jayaraj, who has acted previously in movies like Bhoothakkanadi, Neythukaran, Pakalnakshathrangal, Pranjiyettan and Swapnasanchari, says he loves his character in Swapnasahnchari the best.At one point of time, no stage show was complete without a caricature show by Jayaraj Warrier where he mimicked politicians, literary figures and film personalities, in the context of the current social and political happenings. \"\"But it's been 26 years since I've been doing it, and so films are equally welcome. I'm willing to work with any director who recognises my talent. A good director can correct your flaws,\"\" he says. \"As a medium, cinema offers more possibilities for an actor, since there are such things as close-up shots and shots from different angles, as opposed to the stage. It's also the medium which reaches to the most number of people.\" Warrier, who is a trained Thullal artist, says the art form has helped him acquire the basic sense of rhythm required of any performer. \"\"But theatre will always remain my first love,\"\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12385944", "title": "State told to explore innovative funding for metro rail projects", "text": "PUNE: The Union urban development ministry has said that cities like Pune which are planning to start the metro rail need to work out innovative ideas to finance the project since it is not possible to increase the fares beyond a certain point.The ministry has also said that globally public private partnerships (PPP) in metro rail projects have not been very successful. \"However, using land as a resource and evolving other dedicated levies and taxes as well as innovative financing mechanisms could help with the funding.\"In a note sent to all state governments, the ministry has said that metro rail projects are capital intensive and need long-term lending at reasonable rates to be sustainable, especially since the fare box revenue alone cannot make it financially viable.However, in spite of the challenges, metro rail projects have to be taken up on high demand corridors in various cities with a population of over 30 lakh.Citing the example of some of the \"innovative financing methods\" which have been decided by the Karnataka government for phase II of the Bangalore metro rail project, the urban development ministry has said that there is a strong case for the government to cash in on the increase in property value - sale as well as rental - in the \"catchment area\" of the metro rail corridor. Giving increased floor space index for buildings along the corridor could be used to partly fund the project cost. Also, it would help to provide interest subsidy on loans available to the special purpose vehicle implementing the project.Speaking to TOI, a senior official of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) said that such innovative measures are already being contemplated and have been proposed by the civic administration to the relevant committees. \"The Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority has already been implementing financing measures where land is used as a resource. The concept of transfer of development rights saves money for acquisition of land,\" the official observed.A senior official of the transport department told TOI, \"There is no alternative to innovative funding mechanisms. The state governments have been asked to explore them as metro rail projects are capital intensive.\"The urban development ministry has said that public private partnerships (PPP) in metro rail projects have not been successful worldwide. \"An analysis of metro rail systems in 132 cities in the world provides a comprehensive understanding of the ownership structure in metro rail development. In 113 cities with metro rails, 88% have been developed and are being operated in the public sector mode. Some form of PPP exists only in 12% cities. No city anywhere in the world, except two projects in Malaysia, has attempted provisioning of metro rail on PPP basis in the last few decades. Even new metro projects being developed are largely being taken up on public sector mode,\" the ministry has observed.Although the ministry has suggested imposition of various taxes - such as additional sales tax on petrol, additional registration fee on four-wheelers and two-wheelers, high registration fee for personal vehicles running on diesel, congestion tax and green tax for the urban transport fund at the state and the city level - a transport official said that only a one-time tax should be levied, since multiple taxes would create a major burden.In Pune, a final decision on whether the metro rail should be elevated or underground is yet to be taken.While the PMC has told the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) about the 'technical and financial parameters' of an underground metro in the Vanaz to Ramwadi corridor, the DMRC has reiterated that the underground metro is an 'unfeasible' option for Pune, considering three factors - availability of funds, technical feasibility and security. A DMRC official said that metro rails are capital-intensive and building even a small stretch costs hundreds of crores of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387890", "title": "Connecting the green dots", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic activist and architect P K Das terms it as re-imagining public spaces. Two years ago, Das, under the aegis of the Mumbai Waterfronts Centre along with students of the Kamala Raheja Institute of Architecture, prepared a development plan for Juhu.The plan is unique as it talks of creating open spaces in market places, bus depots, railway station precincts, walkways, cycling tracks along the city's nullahs and networking all to create a seamless stretch of green, enabling citizens to walk and bicycle through their neighbourhood without hindrances and creating several spaces for community interaction.The greening of the 4-kmlong Irla nullah on either side is central to the plan as the nullah meanders through all of Juhu. Das's plan to create cycling and jogging tracks along the nullah has already been accepted by the BMC, which has earmarked money to develop it. The nullah flows along several reserved spaces. Thus, it helps network them. A citizen walking along the nullah can access all the green spaces without being caught in traffic jams.The young architects conducted interviews with all stakeholders who use, or wish to use, these informal spaces in Juhu. The spaces that can be inter-linked include reserved public open spaces, the beach, edges of institutions, public markets, bus depots, edges of large open lands, mangroves and so on.They have re-imagined the extent of this informal public realm and found that while the reserved public space amounts to 21% of the total area, the lived space adds up to 79%, nearly four times more. They have attempted to link up these spaces , although it is not always physically possible. However, \"the intention of networking public space is to make each one relate and draw from the other for its survival and/or maintenance . By design, this would ensure that no spaces are lost or denied to the public,\" said Das.The transport network is vital in this regard. Accesses like skywalks from stations and the realignment of the proposed metro stations to major arteries are part of the solution. A 4.5-metre-wide pedestrian strip within the Juhu airport area would link presently inaccessible public areas.The architects derive their inspiration from Boston's Big Dig, a complex urban highway and tunnel project; and Las Ramblas, Barcelona , which has pedestrianized the centre of a popular boulevard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387116", "title": "\u2018Govt failed to take action against guilty\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: \"It was decided to select that village from each district which had spent the most in commodities. In December 2009, another audit was carried out and anomalies worth more than Rs 7 crore was detected but the government failed to take action on any of those found guilty,\" says Nikhil Dey of the Suchna Evum Rozgar Ka Adhikar Abhiyan.\"Even in its latest venture of having set up an independent social audit directorate, as per guidelines issued by the Centre, the state has failed to adhere to the rules when it audited the Shiv panchayat in Barmer,\" he adds.And it is not just that but action against those guilty in anomalies under MGNREGA has not come forth from the state. \"About five IAS officers had misused NREGA funds and bought commodities like laptops but they were let go with just a warning when even the then rural development minister Bharat Singh has urged for strong action against them,\" says Dey.In 45 special audits done by the state anomalies to the tune of Rs 7.2 crores but till date only Rs 1.2 crore has been recovered. In these audits about 14 FIRs against different persons were to be filed but just seven has been filed so far, 31 sarpanches were to be declared unfit for having allowed these anomalies under MGNREGA but just 15 have been issued notices for the same.\"Even the proposed wall writings that were to be erected in every panchyat for declaring in public the total expenses under MGNREGA in that panchayat have not happened fully.\"He adds, \"While for 2008 and 2009 the total amount spent under the labour head finds a place in these walls but the money used for buying commodities are not mentioned. And in most places for the year 2010-11 no details of expenditure either under the labour or under the commodities heads have been written,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387118", "title": "Grading process for varsities to get tougher", "text": "MUMBAI: Getting a good grade from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) will soon become tougher for universities and institutes across the country. With the central assessment body fine-tuning the list of questions that would be asked during inspection, institutes will have to take quicker measures to boost research activities, which will be given more weightage. The new assessment tool will be applicable to institutes seeking ratings from the next academic year.As per the new guidelines, the broader parameters of assessment, including research, teaching-learning process, consultancy, curriculum, infrastructure, students' support system, etc, will remain the same. However, the questions that will be asked under these parameters have increased. According to H A Ranganath, NAAC director, initially a pilot project will be implemented to finalize the measures.\"Internal evaluation is more important these days than external evaluation and we need to move towards it,\" he said. The draft manual of the assessment process which has been uploaded on NAAC's website is available for suggestions/comments. So, when it comes to judging the quality of research carried out in the university/institute, questions like the number of research papers published in international journals, their citation index (if it is cited in peer journals), the journal's impact factor, h-index and subject index will also be asked.\"Even when we seek details on the students' support system, it has to be contemporary and not what was sought years ago. Details will be asked on availability of WiFi connection, computer-student ratio, etc,\" Ranganath said.Under the extension activities of the universities/institutes, NAAC will also seek details of their impact on the neighbourhood.NAAC will also ask what the institute's carbon credit is and if they have any water harvesting project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12391928", "title": "Hrithik : No film with Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Hrirhik Roshan has not signed any film with his Krrish co-star Priyanka Chopra . Sources close to the actor say Hrithik is currently focusing on his home productions and rumours about signing a film with priyanka is baseless.Hrithik has always said that he likes to do one film at a time. He want to give every proejct the best he can before moving to another.A source said\" Only once Krrish 3 is over will the actor hear other scripts and then decide.\" Post the success of ZNMD and the super success of Agneepath , Hrithik Roshan is on a high. Besides being an actor of repute, the superstar is also among the few bankable actors in the industry. His popularity has been growing with each film. According to a recent survey he is now in number 2 in top 10 popular actors", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386678", "title": "90% of Meru cabs off roads on third day", "text": "MUMBAI: The Meru union strike continued for the third day on Friday. Passengers were inconvenienced as more than 90% cabs stayed off roads.The drivers alleged they were being threatened by goons driving Meru cabs with fake number plates.While Meru has incurred losses to the tune of Rs 60 lakh in the last three days, other fleet cabs like Easy Cabs, Mega Cabs and Tab Cabs did brisk business. Said Prasenjeet Bagchi of Tab Cabs, \"We got 5,336 calls for bookings on March 21 and 6,063 the next day. But we were able to provide cabs to only 2,000 callers daily as our fleet strength is just about 500.\"Said Meru CEO Rajesh Puri, \"We had just 100 cabs operating on Thursday evening. We deployed 100 more taxis on Friday morning and this will gradually increase to 400 by Saturday, provided there is no major law and order problem.\" He said a majority of drivers was against the strike. \"But they are being intimidated by the Nitesh Rane-led Swabhimaan Sanghatana. We have sought police protection for drivers.\"Puri said Meru Cabs were attacked in 12 separate incidents in the last three days. \"The attackers came on motorcyles and in Cool Cabs and Merus. More than 1,400 drivers are scared to take passengers,\" he said.Union leader K K Tiwari said he would not withdraw the stir unless there is an announcement (by Meru management) on paper about a reduction in the subscription charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392768", "title": "Payel had a blast while shooting in Singapore", "text": "Payel had a blast while shooting for the song \"Darling o amar darling\" sung by Jeet Gannguli in Singapore with Soham and Hiraan in Raja Chanda's Ley Halua Ley.\"Its a out an out comedy film with unexpected twists and turns. the situational comedy also reflects in the song the way it is choreographed and will leave the audience in splits,\"\" said Mahendra Soni from Shree Venkatesh Films Pvt. Ltd.Payel couldn't stop praising about her co-stars in the film. \"Hiraan is little reserved and talks on serious issues while Bittu (Soham) is total masti on the sets. He constantly pulls my leg,\" smiled the actor adding, Rajada told me that we should be ourselves in the song and not try to act much so that the fun elements remain. The film is a rom-com so along with the romantic side we had to keep the fun element too in this song. I am sure that this song will be huge hit. May be a remixed version of this song will be played in the night clubs soon as it is a foot tapping number. But I regret that I couldn't shop much in Singapore as we had a packed shot schedule\"\"Who will get to romance Payel in \"LHL\"\" finally? \"\"Well, for that you have to watch the film,\"\" said Payel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388080", "title": "\u2018They netted Rs 5 crore from 700 fake degrees\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The fake degree racket unearthed in the city on Monday is reported to be worth at least Rs 5 crore, with desperate buyers shelling out anything between Rs 40,000 and Rs 80,000 each for the bogus document.\"If we assume that each degree was sold for Rs 40,000, the 380 recovered so far were worth over Rs 1.5 crore. Rates were finalized depending on the varsity and course. For instance, if a specific degree of Panjab University cost Rs 75,000, the same one of Patna University was available for Rs 40,000-50,000,\" said Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police ( CID). He added that the arrested gang members had confessed to having sold 500 to 700 degrees over the last few months, taking the cash involved in the racket to Rs 5 crore.A special team of Chandigarh police had gone to Delhi on Friday to conduct raids. But they refused to divulge details. Police have recovered 380 fake degrees and 50 certificates so far. \"It isn't possible to figure out the exact number sold as it was a demand-based business. They used to forge documents only when they got an order,\" said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387143", "title": "Cops recover looted money from Gujarat", "text": "JAIPUR: Claiming to have cracked the robbery case on JLN Marg where a businessman was robbed of Rs 10 lakh on March 15, the city police on Friday claimed to have busted an inter-state gang of robbers. They arrested two of its members from Ahmedabad, Gujarat. The police have recovered Rs 10 lakh which were robbed by the gang.Police said the two accused belong to a group of about 23 gangs, each consisting of five members. These gangs are involved in over a dozen such robberies in many states. According to the police, the accused have been identified as Mayur and Pinkesh, both residents of Free Colony in Ahmedabad's Kuber Nagar.The police had launched an investigation when Nikhilesh who was returning home after withdrawing Rs 10 lakh from bank on March 15 was looted in front of Charak Bhawan.The incident took place when two bike-borne assailants rammed into Nikhilesh's car in front of them on the road. Nikhilesh Kumar came out and had a heated argument with the two.Soon quite a few people including autorickshaw drivers joined the commotion. Minutes after things settled down Nikhilesh realized that his bag containing Rs 10 lakh was missing.Similar incidents had taken place in the past at Gopalpura Mod, MI Road and Ahimsa Circle in the city.\"Some mobile phone call details in the area suggested that a Gujarat-based gang was involved in the incident. Moreover, during investigation, it came up that using similar modus operandi, some other incidents of thefts had taken place at other places also,\" said a police officer.Commissioner of police B L Soni said that a police team from Jaipur was sent to Ahmedabad. \"With the help of Ahmedabad police crime branch, we arrested the two men,\" said the officer. He added that during interrogation, it came up that these two men are part of a group of about 23 gangs operating from Free Colony in Ahmedabad.\"These people first conduct recce of their targets while the latter come out of the banks. They then engage them in arguments on the pretext of a minor accident,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "a few months ago, i had a novel and pleasant experience", "code": "12387919", "title": "Ifferent strokes for different folks", "text": "A few months ago, I had a novel and pleasant experience: I was requested by a representative of a corporate house to give a talk to their middle-management on corporate social responsibility.My dubious qualification for giving such a talk was what this representative had seen of my writing in this column. Having never before been asked to give a non-technical talk, I was tickled pink by this invitation and agreed to give this talk in spite of my reservations about stepping into the unchartered waters of public speaking (outside of mathematics!)My talk was basically a re-cap of my life in the past ten years, with an emphasis on how my life had been transformed, ever since I had been diagnosed with a neurological condition, from a happy-go, care-free and globe-trotting mathematician to one whose mobility had been reduced to whizzing around in a wheelchair - when I was fortunate enough to find myself in a barrier-free environment which permitted such 'whizzing around'. I talked about some of the incidents leading up to my periodically writing pieces in this column. I also spoke about how I had been very fortunate to be working in a very supportive institution, and made some off-the-cuff remarks on how organizations could help in attaining a more inclusive society.My talk went off fairly well in that it seemed to have struck a responsive chord in many of the young managers I had addressed. I was asked quite a few questions after the talk, the common denominator of many of them being: What do you think we, as an organization, can do in helping to attain that elusive state of 'an inclusive society' which you speak longingly about?At that time, I could not come up with snappy answers to many questions; I found myself saying that I was myself new to the game , was just becoming increasingly aware of the problem, did not presume to have any answers, and was merely asking my audience to recognize the existence of the problem, be increasingly sensitive to it, and try to formulate workable answers in the context of their own organizations.I shall now venture to suggest some answers to the italicized question above, the appropriateness of these different proposals being a function of how far down the road the concerned organization has progressed towards the desired objective:Make it a point to hire people with some manner of inability, preferably also in the human resources department; such a hire would help to:1) identify the kinds of work which can be competently performed by employees with specific disabilities;2) design a testing procedure which could identify the better qualified/competent among the disabled applicants for jobs;3) put in place an efficient orientation programme to help a new employee learn the ropes quickly; it might not be a bad idea to assign a mentor to each fresh recruit with disabilit. The role of this mentor would be to basically 'hold hands' until the difficult initial gestation period is past. She would make it her business to identify the several special difficulties encountered - physically and psychologically - in the workplace, and ensure that her ward is not unreasonably harrassed or victimized by such of her colleagues who might get their highs by bullying defenceless people!Identify a section of the organization, which would normally attend to the periodic infr structural needs, and be assigned the specific task of improving the state of accessibility of the workplace; here are some of the sort of things they could concern themselves with:1) conduct periodic 'access audits' of the work-place;2) make sure that adequate 'handicapped parking' spots are assigned and made available to people and in choice spots which would minimize the distance from their parking spot to their seat of work; and levy hefty penalties when these 'plum spots' are poached by non-disabled people;3) install braille signs and auditory signals in elevators (for the visually impaired)4) have evening classes to educate your colleagues on signlanguages and braille so as to better communicate with your hearing and visually impaired colleagues;5) create a barrier-free environment - meaning ramps wherever there are stairs, accessible toilets, etc. - if you have employees using wheelchairs;6) pro-actively think and act on how potential problems faced by people with different manners of disabilities can be minimized by thoughtful infra-structural design.Let me conclude (as I did at the talk that led to this article) with something which cannot be repeated often enough:What people like me need is not meaningless and cloying sympathy. What we do need, nay demand (in increasing order of greediness) are: an opportunity to work and be productive members of society; a work-place that is sensitive to our special needs, as against victimizing us for having them; and an inclusive environment that permits us to contribute our mite to society and lead fruitful lives with dignity.VS Sunder is a professor of mathematics who incidentally 'works out of a wheelchair' at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390797", "title": "Two steps at a time - Utthara Unni", "text": "Utthara Unni s excited about her debut in Tamil and Malayalam film industries.While she debuts in Mollywood with Lenin Rajendran's Edavapathy, she's also eagerly awaiting the release of her Kollywood flick, Vavval Pasanga. In Edavapathy, she plays Bollywood star Manisha Koirala's daughter. \"I have a substantial role and there is lot of scope for performance,\" she says.And in Suresh's Vavval Pasanga, Utthara plays a homely girl with a lot of responsibilities to shoulder!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387249", "title": "No separate cadre to fight female foeticide", "text": "JAIPUR: The government has time and again claimed that it is going all out to wage battle against female foeticide, one of the major social problems in the state.However, with a team comprising eight members, the task at hand seems not just difficult but impossible to accomplish.The pre-conception and pre-natal diagnostics techniques (PCPNDT) cell, which is responsible for curbing female foeticide in the state, is working with only eight dedicated employees.There is no separate cadre for the implementation of the PCPNDT Act.Every district has one PCPNDT cell coordinator, but they are on contract basis. With limited resources available, the PCPNDT cell of the medical, health and family welfare department is struggling to meet government targets.Recently, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had shot off a letter to chief minister Ashok Gehlot asking the latter to check the trend of female foeticide in the state, and also advocated for strong implementation of the PCPNDT Act 1994.Going by the present condition of the cell, it seems, nothing has been done in this regard.The PM wrote: \"As you know, in your state the child sex ratio has declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011... We need strong action against pre-birth sex selection using modern diagnostic techniques and neglect of girl child once she is born.\"For strong implementation of PCPNDT Act, the state government has appointed collectors and chief medical and health officers as appropriate authority at district level, and sub divisional magistrates at sub division level. However, none of these officials are entirely dedicated towards the implementation of the Act, and it is one of the many jobs that they are assigned to do.This may seem odd as the state has separate departments and dedicated officers for enforcement of other Acts on health, sanitation, drug, food, narcotics and excise.\"There are no full-time permanent employees of the medical, health and family welfare department or government officials who are solely dedicated to work towards proper implementation of the PCPNDT Act,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387437", "title": "Vishwa\u2019s case galvanized parents and crusaders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In last six years, the state has seen nearly 4,000 persons go missing, never to be found. However, it was Vishwa Patel's case in Jaunary 2012 that shook the society to its core. How can a girl, who was right in the safety of her own flat go missing without a trace, remains a puzzle till date?This question snowballed into a movement that saw participation of more than 100 parents of missing children meet and devise a strategy to pressurize the state machinery to be more serious about the issue. If today, the state machinery inches forward towards a concerted efforts towards finding its missing children, the credit goes to a handful of people who made it happen.Sanjay Joshi, a city-based human rights activist, came to fore during the last two months as he sought answers from the police machinery after the Vishwa Patel case happened. He was behind the first parents meet earlier this month that saw 70 parents attending.\"We have to wake up to the issue of missing children. Even today we hear the cases where police refuses to take action and convert an application into a complaint. Child safety is an issue affecting everybody and everybody in the society has to contribute to it. The movement is new but the impact is evident as police agencies have started forming the regulations and so many children are being found,\" says Joshi, who left his profession as a civil engineer four years back for full-time social service.Parents such as Suresh Patel, father of Vishwa and Rajendran Padiachi, father of Kartik, became pillars of strength in which other parents saw their reflection. Rajendran missed his job for nearly a month for full-time search for his child. Today if one sees Kartik's posters everywhere, it is due to his tireless effort. \"I went from pillar to post to find my child and I will pursue it till the end,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390546", "title": "Shooting of Rangdari full on", "text": "An item song celebrating the birthday of the hero, Gaurav Chopra, of the film Rangdari, which is currently being shot in Lucknow, was shot at teh Salempur House, near Barabanki, Lucknow recently.A huge set of a dhaba was created under the guidance of director Abhimanyu and Avinash Nanda where teh song was filmed. The dance sequence had been choreographed by BH Tarun Kumar who has done more than 100 bollywood movies with the music given by Lalit Pandit of the \"\"Munni Badnaam Hui\"\" fame. With lyrics written by Azeem Sheerazi, the song is picturised with the hero being wished on his birthday. The story and screenplay of Rangdari has been written by Ikram Akhtar who has also written the scripts of films like \"Ready\", \"Thank You\" and \"No Problems\"etc. The dialogues have been written by Sanjay Masoom.Now the directors and producers of the film are on the lookout for a heroine for the film to act opposite Gaurav Chopra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12386540", "title": "CBI scours bank accounts to find benami Adarsh flats", "text": "MUMBAI: Besides those named in the first information report, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and the Income Tax (I-T) department are investigating five politicians belonging to different parties and more than a dozen high-ranking bureaucrats in the Adarsh housing society scam.The agencies believe there are about 30 benami flats in the Colaba high-rise, of which around 15 are owned, in actuality, by politicians, including by three former state chief ministers. They are currently going through the bank account details of some registered apartment owners to find if they are mere fronts for actual buyers.A majority of the 103 registered flat owners paid for their properties in 10 to 25 instalments over four to five years. \"The amount was paid by cheques and demand drafts. But the CBI and I-T department still have to investigate whether the flat owners hold the accounts from which these cheques were issued,\" said Pravin Wategaonkar, who filed a PIL seeking information on the source of funding of Adarsh members.There have been reports of politicians, and others, owning benami flats in Adarsh ever since TOI exposed the housing scam in 2010. Two former state revenue ministers, it is claimed, altogether hold three flats in the controversial building through proxies while a former chief minister owns two apartments in the same manner.In November 2010, Congress spokesman Manish Tiwari had accused a Nagpur-based businessman, Ajay Sancheti, of being a benami owner. The joint managing director of SMS Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, Sancheti was elected on Thursday as a BJP candidate to Rajya Sabha. A driver with Sancheti's company, Sudhakar Madke, owns an apartment in Adarsh. Madke reportedly had a monthly salary was Rs 8,600 when he paid Rs 60 lakh for the plush property. Sancheti said, \"This is ridiculous. I have denied owning a flat in Adarsh earlier and I am denying it now. I do not know why this issue keeps cropping up.\"The CBI has as yet arrested seven accused in the Adarsh scam, namely R C Thakur, Brigadier (retd) M M Wanchu, Major General (retd) A R Kumar, P V Deshmukh, Major General (retd) T K Kaul, Kanhaiyalal Gidwani and Pradeep Vyas. Their questioning, sources said, went on till late Thursday night. The arrest of Kumar and Kaul has sent shockwaves through the defence community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385813", "title": "Kingfisher scraps Kochi flights", "text": "KOCHI: The cash-strapped Kingfisher airline will cancel its operations from Kochi airport from Sunday.An airport source said the airline had notified the authorities about the move. When contacted by TOI, an official with the airlines did not confirm or deny the report.Kingfisher has four flights from Kochi airport - to Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai and Agathi. Most of these flights were operating with reasonable payload and these flights were part of the airport's summer schedule. The summer schedule would be in vogue from March 25 to October.``Now they have taken out the three flights from the summer schedule,'' the airport official said. Kingfisher had been operating more services earlier, and it had taken out some flights in between. Earlier the airline also had a Colombo flight.Sources said the withdrawal of Kingfisher flights would be felt acutely in the Kochi-Bangalore sector which has high passenger flow. The Kochi-Mumbai sector too will feel the impact of cancellation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12386643", "title": "Traders write to Akhilesh against sealing of raw material factories", "text": "NOIDA: With the Allahabad high court giving entrepreneurs a three-week window to file their objections against 'shutdown' notices issued by the Noida Authority, traders have now turned towards Akhilesh Yadav for relief. The Noida Entrepreneurs' Association has written to the CM bringing to his notice several problems being faced by them due to lack of infrastructure and \"bare necessities\" required for \"smooth functioning\" of their enterprises.In the letter, the industrialists' body has requested for the provision of an industrial space in Noida. According to the president of the association, Vipin Malhan, the decision to approach the CM was taken when all talks with the Noida Authority remained fruitless and shutdown notices were issued to about 1,000 units supplying raw material to nearly 6,000 industries across the city. \"Noida has almost 6,200 industries across 34 industrial sectors. But despite Noida having been conceptualized as an industrial township, such areas have been largely ignored,\" Malhan said.According to entrepreneurs, each residential sector has an area earmarked for market space, but the industrial pockets have not been planned properly as there is no provision for commercial activity. \"Due to the absence of retail markets for raw materials, commercial activity has been going on in a few of the industrial sectors where smaller factories are located,\" he explained. \"The shutting down of operations in these units by the Authority will bring the rest of the industries to a standstill, too,\" Malhan added. \"Hence, we require alternate space for a market, which will be able to supply raw material, consumables and spare parts to the industry,\" Malhan said.The association president has also requested the CM to issue necessary directives to the Authority to make policy level changes and alternate relocation plans to accommodate the units operating out of industrial areas, which have received notices from the Authority to close shop or face sealing. \"If the establishments are sealed in these areas, where will we source the material required for our industries to function?\" asked Pradeep Mehta, secretary general of NEA.If shut, the 1,000 units will also affect the residents as sectors 9 and 10 are also a hub for essential items needed by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12394029", "title": "\u2018Apple's new iPad can keep your coffee warm\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Want to keep your coffee warm with new iPad? Worry not, there is an app for it.With Consumer Reports, a US-based organization claiming that new iPad - the one with retina display - runs hotter than the previous models, a developer has come out with an app that claims to keep your coffee hot if you put the mug on the tablet.The developer, which goes by the name of Primary Coffee, claims its app - HotPad - overclocks the processor in the new iPad to make it warmer than usual. HotPad is a web app and can be accessed through browser in the iPad.\"Lay the new iPad on a flat surface and press Run to overclock your processor. When 100% is reached, place your coffee mug on the digital heat coils to keep it warm for hours and hours,\" the app developer says.A few days earlier, Consumer Reports - the organization that blew the lid of Antennagate regarding iPhone 4 - said the new iPad runs 13 degrees Fahrenheit hotter compared to iPad 2 while playing a game.\"Using a thermal imaging camera, Consumer Reports engineers recorded temperatures as high as 116 degrees Fahrenheit on the front and rear of the new iPad while playing Infinity Blade II,\" said the organization.Apple responded to the concerns by saying that the tablet operates well within its thermal specifications and there is no cause for worry.Even Consumer Reports added something similar to its study. \"When the new iPad was at its hottest, it felt very warm but not especially uncomfortable if held for a brief period,\" it said.Depending on the core hardware, most computing devices can get hot when used for demanding tasks like 3D games for longer durations. The higher operating temperature of the new iPad is likely a result of the more powerful graphics chip and larger battery inside it. Unless it is not burning hot, it is likely that there is nothing wrong with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386326", "title": "41 persons fined for littering Charbagh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Littering Charbagh station might land you in trouble. Railways has resumed the cleanliness drive at the station.Littering the station premises, smoking at the place and moving without platform ticket will be penalised. On Friday, 41 people were caught littering the station area and Rs 4,100 realised from them as fine.\"This time we have made it a little more organised and are recording every penalty,\" said station manager, Charbagh, Amitabh Kumar. While at present railways is penalising only those who litter the station area, soon people found smoking at the station and those entering the station without platform ticket will also be penalised. Lucknow division of Northern Railway had launched the drive in March 2008.It was continued for two years and gradually called off. The drive was re-launched on March 4, 2012. The fine so collected goes as penalty earning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12392562", "title": "India's grain bowl will now sprout wine", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Forget about crisp Nasik-based Shiraz or expensive spicy Sauvignon Blanc from France.Get ready to sink your teeth into wines from country's grain bowl - Punjab, a state that accounts for 19% of wheat and 13% of India's rice production.The deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, whose government cruised to a historic win in the recently-concluded state polls has now fixed his gaze at - setting up vineyards - all in the backyard of the state's agricultural expanse.At a recent interaction, when Badal Jr, who is also the minister for Excise &amp; Taxation was asked about his plans on new industries in the urban cities, he said \"wait till we have wineries in Punjab\".\"Agriculture will have a new meaning here now. New occupation, new jobs, health benefits aside\" he said, revealing the Maharashtra-like wine revolution for the liquor-loving state.The location for this home production of wine has been kept as Bathinda, a region that is home to around 70 per cent of grape cultivation in the state.State-owned Punjab Agro Industries Corporation (PAIC), entrusted with the responsibility of promotion and facilitation of agro based industries, will be the agency handling these wineries.Bathinda, which returned Badal Jr's wife and MP Harsimrat Kaur Badal to Lok Sabha in 2009, has already seen setting up of a whopping 9-million tonne oil refinery.The grape variety which is cultivated in Punjab is called Perlette.\"This project has been in the pipeline as part of the Rs 15,000 million investment project\" Upjeet Singh Brar, additional managing director, PAIC told TOI.The initial production at vineyards has been kept at 1.5 lakh liters per annum.In its recently announced new excise policy, the state government had signaled its ambitious plans to make more revenue for the debt-ridden state.\"The excise revenues will touch Rs 3638.40 crores at the end of March, 2013 against the expected excise collections Rs 3068.40 crores\" Badal Sr had said after a meeting on the 2012-13 excise policy.To wean away people from hard drinks and to promote lighter drinks, maximum retail sale price of light and strong beer had been reduced by 10 per cent.Although liquor is banned in Gujarat, parallels are being drawn between the executive-like functioning style of Badal Jr and Narendra Modi.When asked if there were any similarities between him and the Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi who had flown to Punjab twice in the last ten months including the swearing ceremony, he laughed.\"We are the new BlackBerry men\" Badal said in jest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12387662", "title": "Sri Lanka visit of Indian MPs under cloud", "text": "NEW DELHI: The impending visit of an all-party delegation of Indian MPs to Sri Lanka in April is now doubtful after India's vote in favour of a US-sponsored resolution on war crimes in the island nation which was adopted at the UN Human Rights Council meeting in Geneva .\"Whether the visit will happen now or will it will be delayed, we can't say at this juncture,\" Congress Rajya Sabha MP and president of the Tamil Nadu Congress unit B S Gnanadesikan told TOI. He said the Centre would take the decision based on inputs from the external affairs ministry which is in touch with the Sri Lankan government.There has been angry reactions among politicians and media and the Indian embassy in Colombo has warned Indian nationals to be careful. Gnanadesikan said BJP leader of the opposition Sushma Swaraj , named by the government to head the delegation, can fix the dates of the visit according to her convenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12388025", "title": "e-District project in five districts of state", "text": "BHOPAL: In the first phase of e-governance scheme in the state, e-District project has been introduced in five districts of Madhya Pradesh including Gwalior, Guna, Shivpuri, Indore and Sagar, according to an official release.The scheme is being implemented by the Information Technology Department. For this, WIPRO Limited has been appointed as consultant. Application software of the project has been selected. Under the project, a report on the functioning of the proposed system in the pilot districts has been prepared.Thirty-nine useful services will be made available to citizens through the project, especially certificates for births and deaths, income, domicile and caste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388117", "title": "A tale of two cities divided by border", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Besides the culture and language that bind the people on the two sides of border, architecture too is making Pakistani traders feel at home. Chandigarh and Islamabad share striking similarities that has left not just the guests, but Indians too, awestruck.A video of Islamabad brought by a Pakistani organizer has the hosts intrigued to see the similarities of the two cities.Traders who have come from across the border for \"Made in Pakistan\" exposition, find themselves at home; thanks to the common culture, language and architecture.Developed at the same time, both the cities share same architecture and resemble socially and culturally. Parts of Islamabad have striking urban planning similarities with Chandigarh with roundabouts, light points, roads, a lake and resembling monuments and gardens. However, in view of increasing traffic, the roundabouts are now being removed and high rises are coming up.Khurshid Barlas, convener fairs and exhibition committee, Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said, \"I have a video and when I show it to the people here they get amused as the parks, artificial lake, roads look similar to Chandigarh's and the name is same as well - \"City Beautiful\". It is only now they have replaced the roundabouts and small buildings with high rises. The architecture is exactly the same.\"People in the two cities too have a similar lifestyle. \"Just like Chandigarh, Islamabad has more of working class,\" he added.Mansoor Ahmed, a Pakistani trader, said, \"Just the way Chandigarh is surrounded by mountains and a hill station, Shimla, just a few hours away, Islamabad, too, is geographically similar. Architecturally, India and Pakistan, have a lot more things in common than Chandigarh and Islamabad. Karachi looks like Mumbai and Lahore resembles Delhi and Punjab in all manners.\"Peter Massi, another trader at the exhibition said, \"It does not feel as if we are in some other country. When we step out of here there feels no difference as the outlook of the cities match and since habits, language, culture and traditions are same too, it makes us feel at home.\"As there's Open Hand monument here, Islamabad has a monument representing it and parks in both the cities too look similar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386677", "title": "Cabinet gives nod to quick divorces", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Friday okayed changes in the Marriage Act to quicken the process, in a move that will be welcomed by couples trapped in unhappy alliances.The changes approved for the Cabinet also marks the first attempt to legally recognize a wife's right to property acquired by her spouse during their marriage as well as to give equal rights to both adopted and biological children.The Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2010, seeks to make \"irretrievable breakdown of marriage\" a new ground for grant of divorce, in a shift from the current regime where estranged couple with irreconcilable differences is constrained to keep up the fiction of being couple for an indeterminably long period. The Parliament's Standing Committee had last March opposed doing away with the waiting period that couples seeking divorce have to endure before they can move a joint petition seeking annulment of marriage.The recommendation has only partly been heeded, with the government proposing that that the duration of cooling-off period be left for courts to decide.According to the amendments, while a wife can oppose a husband's plea for a divorce under the new \"irretrievable breakdown of marriage\" clause, the husband will have no such rights to oppose if the wife moves the court on the same grounds: the dichotomy reflecting deference to the view that allowing speedier divorces will leave women, already having to deal with the pro-male bias in law, worse off.The decision of the Cabinet was still opposed by Ranjana Kumari of the Centre for Social Research. \"Making divorce more accessible will hurt women. A majority of women in our country are illiterate and are unaware of their legal rights and this can leave them in a lurch.\" She, however, welcomed the move to give women a share in marital property.The government has accepted the recommendation of the parliamentary committee that women should have a share in the property of her husband in case of a divorce, but the quantum of share will be decided by the courts on case-by-case basis.AIDWA's Sudha Sundararaman said, \"Amendments recognizing women's right to property is a positive step but the government should have taken it a step further and made it part of the law rather than leave it for the courts to decide.\"\"The judiciary is not always sensitive especially to women who are victims,\" she added arguing that leaving it to the discretion of the court was not a positive step.According to the redrafted Bill passed by the Cabinet, adopted children will have rights on par with biological offspring of a couple in case the parents opt for a divorce.Times ViewThe changes proposed in the laws governing divorce are steps in the right direction. TOI has always held that when a married couple wants to break up, it makes no sense for the law to act as a barrier or a stalling mechanism. Keeping people locked in unhappy marriages does no good to either them or society. Giving women a right to marital property and allowing for one-time settlements also are commonsensical decisions. Most heartening of all is the proposal to treat adopted children on a par with biological offspring. The discrimination is clearly out of sync with a modern, liberal society and this alignment with the times is welcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386559", "title": "A day after clash, peace prevails at GSVM Medical College, CSA University", "text": "KANPUR: Showing promptness in regard to the incident of clash between the students of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College and Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology on Thursday night, the district administration convened a meeting of authorities of the two institutions at CSA on Friday.Peace prevailed in and around the medical college and on LLR Hospital premises as the medical students, who had threatened to close down the medical services, remained on backfoot throughout day.As a result, the OPD at the LLR Hospital remained open. The nearby medical stores also remained open. Inside the medical college campus too, the situation remained peaceful. The CSA university campus was also peaceful and classes were held as usual.In the Friday's meeting, CSA varsity's vice-chancellor G C Tewari, media incharge Naushad Khan, CSA principal, ADM (city) S K Singh and SP (west) Sanjay Kumar took part and discussed measures needed to avoid clashes between the students of two institutions.During the meeting, ADM (city) S K Singh asked CSA varsity V-C and GSVM Medical College principal each to form a committee to probe into the incident of Thursday's clash. Singh also said that the heads of the two educational institutions should identify the rowdy elements involved in hooliganism and strictly punish them. These committees would be headed by the dean of student affairs or the proctor.GC Tewari, V-C, CSA varsity, said that an inquiry committee has already been formed to look into the matter. He also instructed the hostel wardens to ensure that the students are not allowed to climb atop the hostel terrace.He also said that this measure would ensure that the CSA students are not able to enter into the rowdy activity of stone pelting. Principal, GSVM Medical College, Dr Anand Swaroop proposed that a 15-inch-wide wall be erected near the back side gate of the college campus which opens in front of the gate number three of CSA varsity.The proposal was accepted by both the sides. Dr Swaroop further said that the wall would restrict the entry of CSA students into the medical college campus. Meanwhile, ADM (city) and SP (west) Sanjay Kumar have deployed extra police force at the emergency police outpost situated inside the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital.Now a total of six policemen will remain on duty instead of three to keep a check on rowdy elements inside the LLR Hospital. It was also decided during the meeting that different colour passes would be issued to the medical students, doctors and the staff of the medical college for establishing their identities. Security has also been upped at the medical college campus to prevent any further clash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385692", "title": "Stay on agricultural officers\u2019 recruitment", "text": "HYDERABAD: Terming the state's newly-evolved method of recruiting agricultural officers arbitrary, the AP Administrative Tribunal ( APAT) has stayed the ongoing selection process pertaining to 474 posts of agricultural officers.Responding to a clutch of petitions filed by several students who did their agricultural B.Sc course from an assortment of universities, tribunal judicial member S Sivaiah Naidu stayed the process.According to the counsel for the petitioners, the system of overall grade point average that used to equate the marks obtained by various streams of Agricultural B.Sc students was better than the current system which was suddenly brought in with ulterior motives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387233", "title": "Mukhbir Yojna scripts a success story in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The Mukhbir Yojna, which was launched in January to intensify the fight against female foeticide, has now started paying dividends. In one of its major achievements, a doctor was caught red-handed for alleged involvement in sex determination in Jaipur's Vaishali Nagar area on Wednesday.An official of the Pre-conception and pre natal diagnostic techniques (PCPNDT) cell said, \"The Mukhbir Yojna has started showing results as we are getting tip offs on illegal practices. The doctor who was caught red-handed was an outcome of the Mukhbir Yojna.\"The government introduced the Yojna under which a person providing confirmed information about the involvement of a doctor or a medical staff in sex determination will get a reward of Rs 25,000. A reward of equal prize money has also been set aside for those who can give information about unregistered and illegal sonography machines.The official said a day before the raid (on Tuesday), the PCPNDT cell received information about the doctor's involvement in sex determination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12386302", "title": "Budget not imaginary: Nagaland CM", "text": "KOHIMA: The 2012-13 budget for Nagaland amounting to Rs 7911, 85, 30,000 was passed by voice vote on Thursday in the assembly.Chief minister Neiphiu Rio , who also holds the finance portfolio, said the budget is not imaginary and explained that the figures are real. He said budgets are examined by the Accountant General and there is no scope to hide government transactions. He reminded the members that outstanding debts are closely monitored by the ministry of finance and the government cannot borrow beyond the ceiling prescribed by the ministry.With regard to Nagaland, the permissible limit for borrowing ceiling, as per the 13th Finance Commission norm, is 3.5. Last year, Nagaland contained it to 2.81 which is within the limit, said Rio. He told the house that the government never defaulted on debt servicing and that there are no overdues on purchase of power even from central public sector undertakingsReferring to the Naga political issue, Rio reiterated that solution to the Naga political problem is top priority of the DAN government. Rio said there is relative peace all over the state and said the government would take all possible steps to be a facilitator with the negotiating parties.With regard to the reconciliation and unity move, Rio expressed gratitude to the Speaker and the 60 members for joining the Joint Legislators' Forum. He appreciated the opposition bench for coming together to address the Naga political problem and looked forward for further discussions. Rio appealed to all members of the house to rise to the occasion with more dedicative efforts to bring peace in the state.On Congress MLA KL Chishi's statement that AIDS is on the rise in the state, the CM said it has, in fact, come down from 1.83 % in 2003 to 0.70 % in 2009. On the education front, Rio said children are getting better facilities like free textbooks, scholarships and mid-day meals. He added that the literacy rate has increased to 81.11% from 67%. On the crime rate, Rio said Nagaland being rated with the lowest crime rate in the country by the National Crime Record Bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "12391252", "title": "German President invokes Mahatma Gandhi in his maiden address", "text": "BERLIN: New German President Joachim Gauck invoked Mahatma Gandhi in his maiden address as he sought to motivate his people to overcome their \"fear\" and to strengthen their faith in the country's democratic system and its leadership.\"In (Mahatma) Gandhi's words, a person can make progress and achieve success only with self-confidence. This applies to a person as well as for a nation, according to Gandhi. Therefore, I appeal to you all to begin building up confidence in yourselves,\" said 72-year-old Gauck, a former east German civil rights activist and protestant pastor.Gauck was speaking after his swearing-in yesterday as the 11th President at a special ceremony in the Bundestag, the lower house of parliament.Gauck, who has no party affiliations, was overwhelmingly elected by a special parliamentary assembly last Sunday after being nominated as a joint candidate of five out of six parties represented in the house.Only the Left party fielded its own candidate. He said that under the communist dictatorship in the former German Democratic Republic (GDR), he had experienced that \"fear can diminish or even completely destroy one's courage and self-confidence.\"Gauck played a leading role in the \"peaceful revolution\", which contributed to the collapse of the communist dictatorship in former East Germany 22 years ago.Born in the north German port city of Rostock, Gauck served as a pastor after studying theology and in 1989 he was elected as a representative of 'New Forum' to the former East German parliament in the first and only free election.After the German reunification, he had worked for about 10 years as the federal commissioner for the archives of the former East German secret police Stasi and made public some of the atrocities committed by the communist regime.Gauck succeeds Christian Wulff , who stepped down over a month ago, just 20 months after taking office, in the wake of allegations that he received favours from business friends during his previous tenure as the prime minister of the state of Lower Saxony.Wulff as well as the entire members of the upper house, the Bundesrat, representing the federal states also attended the swearing-in ceremony.In an attempt to restore public confidence in the country's democratic system and in the office of the president, damaged by the resignations of two presidents during the last three years, Gauck called upon the German people \"to have faith in those people who carry the nation's responsibilities and so do I appeal also for confidence in the inhabitants of this re-unified and mature nation.\"Gauck also called for combating right-wing extremism more effectively. Religious fanaticism and other forms of extremism also will be fought decisively, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12387661", "title": "Slew of activities held to honour shaheeds", "text": "LUDHIANA: Zindagi Live Foundation and PCTE Group of Institutes organized a mega blood donation camp on the martyrdom day of Shaheed Bhagat Singh , Rajguru and Sukhdev at campus number II in Baddowal on Friday.About 328 students and staff donated blood at the camp. A team headed by Dr Manvi Gupta of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), Dr Attri from civil hospital and Dr Rupinder from Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) collected the blood. Badi Haibowal-resident Shikha Sood, a student of BCA-Final Year who donated blood, said, It was my first time.Eye donation campThe Rotaract Club of Ludhiana Medicos, under the aegis of Rotary Club Ludhiana Greater, in association with Dayanand Medical College &amp; Hospitals (DMCH) department of ophthalmology organized an eye donation programme as a tribute to the legend of Shaheed Bhagat Singh.Twenty medical students spread awareness among shopkeepers of Haibowal main market. Project directors Srishti Arora and Sameer Mittu said they were able to register about 40 people to donate eyes.Kids come dressed up as freedom fightersStudents of Kiddies Paradise School, Kochar Market, commemorated the 81st martyrdom day of Bhagat Singh , Raj Guru and Sukhdev. The school was decorated with slogans Sar pharoshi ki tammana and Shaheedo ki chittaon mein lagage har bars mele. The students paid obeisance to the martyrs and sang patriotic songs Mera rang de basanti chola and also presented a skit Aye watan tere liye. School children also came dressed up as the martyrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387182", "title": "Third Public Interest Litigation in High Court seeking ban on demos near Central station", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police shall be restrained from permitting protestors to hold demonstrations at the busy Memorial Hall near Central Railway Station and the Chennai Collectorate areas, a public interest petition has said.This is the third PIL filed in the Madras high court to stop dharnas and demonstrations at Memorial Hall, which is adjacent to the railway station and opposite the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital. Memorial Hall and Chennai collectorate are stock Locations for holding demonstrations in the city, and the two venues witness more than a dozen demonstrations every month.Assailing the practice , the PIL filed by advocate J Ramesh contended that the two venues witness heavy footfalls and vehicle movements throughout the day, as they were located next to public facilities.Explaining, Ramesh pointed out that Memorial Hall venue was an important connecting point on Poonamallee High Road. People headed to the suburban railway complex or the north-bound trains, besides the government hospitals, are put to a lot of hardships during demonstrations at the venue, he said.When the matter came up for admission before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, the judges had issued notice to the government and adjourned it to next week.Already, two other PILs - filed by social activist Traffic Ramaswamy and advocate V S Suresh - with similar pleas are pending before the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12389919", "title": "Ranbir, Deepika at Hadimba temple, Manali", "text": "Mirror spots Ranbir and Deepika shooting for Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwani at the Hadimba temple in ManaliIt was the same place from where Madhoo lost her on-screen love Arvind Swamy in Mani Ratnam's 1992 blockbuster Roja. But for Ayaan Mukerji's Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwani, the Hadimba Temple in Manali transformed into a platform for former off-screen lovers Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone to reunite. Mumbai Mirror brings you exclusive pictures from the sets of the film, a journey that has just begun.It was a cool yet sunny Friday morning in the hill station when we spotted Ranbir and Dippy in temple compound. And despite heavy security hired specially to keep the inquisitive paparazzi away, we couldn't stop ourselves from getting a few clicks. Unlike in Roja, where the same temple was made to resemble a relatively less populated area in Jammu and Kashmir , this particular shoot was carried out in midst of the generally populated tourist spot.Deepika sporting a less glamorous bespectacled look stood near a tea stall for the scene, while Ranbir was spotted on the stairs leading up to the temple. In the scene, the two actors were supposed to oversee a wedding taking place inside the temple.Prior to this, the crew had hired a few helicopters on Thursday, which had landed inside the resort complex where the entire cast and crew had been staying for the past six days. They even carried out a few trial runs of the helicopter scene.Ranbir and Deepika, along with director Ayaan and the entire crew of the film had arrived at the hill station by road from Chandigarh. After a couple of days of script reading, the shoot was scheduled to begin on March 20.Now Dippy and Ranbir, who had tried to stay away from each other ever since they broke up, have been making serious efforts at being 'friends again' after they signed the film. In fact, for a recent party in Mumbai (of course, before they left for Chandigarh) had contrived to reach at the same time from two far away locations in a city not known for its easy traffic. Looks like the camaraderie moved to the pretty little hill station as well.The day after they reached, Mirror spotted the former lovers and two others at Johnson's Cafe, chilling in the wee hours of the night. Ranbir and Deepika did not mind posing for a few pictures with eager fans either.Interestingly, Mirror learnt that Deepika had ordered for some grilled fish along with dal tadka and a Chinese dish to the hotel that had been entirely booked by Dharma Productions for the film cast and crew. Now that's what we call a truly global palate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387227", "title": "108 ambulance staff stage dharna to demand pay hike", "text": "JAIPUR: Employees of the 108 ambulance service staged a dharna at Udhyog Bhawan on Friday demanding hike in salaries and other benefits.Members of the 108 Emergency Services Employees' Union have also threatened to launch a massive protest which could affect the 108 ambulance services in the state. \"If our demands are not fulfilled by April 15, we will start a protest that could derail the ambulance services in the state,\" said Virendra Shekhawat, president of the 108 Emergency Services Employees' Union.They also submitted a memorandum to chief minister Ashok Gehlot office with their charter of demands. The employees claimed that while a nursing staff get Rs 4,500 per month, the driver of an ambulance gets Rs 4,000 monthly which is quite less. They demanded that state government should fix their salaries as per educational qualification and experience of the staff employed in the ambulance service of the state.Moreover, the employees expressed fear of losing their jobs in case of change of the ambulance operator in the state. \"If the operating company is changed in the state, then there is a possibility of the employees losing their jobs. So, the state government should ensure that the staff is not changed, if the operator (company) of the 108 ambulance service is changed,\" Shekhawat said.The employees further claimed that labour laws should not be violated for employees and their provident funds should be deposited in Rajasthan only. In case an employee loses his life in accident, provisions should be made to give compensation to the family of the deceased.An official of the Ziqitza Health Care Limited (ZHL), operator of 108 ambulances, said, \"As far as the salaries of the staff are concerned, we have recruited them and intimated them that they would get the salary we have informed them. Also, we increase salaries every year as per the performance of the employees. Moreover, the provident fund (PF) slip is deposited on time in their PF account. So we are taking steps to benefit our employees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12387237", "title": "At vadapalani, a flyover changes hands", "text": "A ride in the metro rail, once it begins operations, promises to be a roller coaster experience. It will dip under the river Cooum near Chennai Central, soar above the Kathipara grade separator in Guindy and rise above a flyover in Vadapalani.The flyover at Vadapalani, at the Arcot Road-Jawarhalal Nehru Road junction, was first planned as a 400-metrelong structure by the highways department. However, Chennai Metro Rail authorities decided to take over its designing and construction as the metro rail line was crossing the alignment. Now, there will be a set of two flyovers, 540 metres long, running besides the piles for the metro rail above them. Each flyover, around 7.5 metres wide, \"will be 8.5 metres above the ground while the rail line will be 15 metres from the ground,\" said a CMRL official. In Kathipara, the highest point of the metro rail line will be 24 metres as it goes over the clovershaped grade separator.The flyover at Vadapalani, which will go through the proposed metro rail station there, will be funded by the highways department. It will have two entry points, next to Pandian Lodge and near the Precision Diagnostics. \"It was initially estimated to cost Rs 40 crore. But is likely to go up because of redesigning and we'll have bear whatever cost they quote,\" a highways department official said.The CMRL took up the job of constructing the flyover as they feel it could help finish the project quicker. \"There could be a delay if the highways department were to take up construction,\" said an official from CMRL. \"Their tendering process is quite long. For us, the same contractor will build the flyover as well,\" he added. The land acquisition will finish by the end of May and construction will end by April 2014. \"As of now, 43 of the 136 piles have been completed,\" said the CMRL official.In an attempt to integrate different modes of transport and encourage commuters to use the metro rail, the CMRL had initially made some innovative plans - build a ramp that would branch off from the flyover, allowing motorists to drive into the station and take a metro rail to their destination. However, with space constraints, the plans had to be changed. Now, \"at the ground level, there will be earmarked bays where motorists can park their vehicles before walking to the metro rail station,\" said a senior official from CMRL. This will be tried at other elevated stations as well, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387092", "title": "Bodies of last two robbery suspects handed over", "text": "CHENNAI: Bodies of two more bank robbery suspects, J P Yadav and Navneeth Kumar, who were killed in an encounter with the police in Velachery on February 23, were handed over to the family members at the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital (GH) on Friday.The two were among the five men who were suspected to have robbed two banks on the city's outskirts. The two were identified nearly a month after the bodies of Sujay Kumar Ray, Harish Kumar and Vinod Prasad were identified. All the five men possessed fake identity cards. A special team led by T Nagar ACP S Tamil Selvan camped in Bihar and traced the identity of the victims.The relatives identified the bodies separately in front of the magistrate M Geetha Rani, the XIV metropolitan magistrate of Egmore court, who later recorded their statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12387778", "title": "Our students aren\u2019t creative, laments Anna varsity ex-VC", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"The average Indian is not creative. There are notable exceptions, but for the most part we lack imagination. If we were innovative, our agricultural productivity would have been far better than what it is now,\" said E Balagurusamy, a member of the state planning commission and former vice chancellor of Anna University. He was speaking at the inauguration of a two-day national level intercollegiate cultural fest, 'Kalpana 12', on Thursday at Sasi Creative School of Business.\"Students need to be exposed to challenges and threats. Our educational institutions need to give students vast exposure outside classrooms, especially in the case of management courses,\" he said.As a country we are used to bending rules and standards. \"If we go by the standards in the developed world where those earning below $2 are categorized as poor, most of us will be below the poverty line. We have drawn the line at Rs 28 a day to limit the number of people who are poor. But we are only fooling ourselves,\" he said.\"We need to make our educational system open to ideas and creativity. A close look at the system will tell us that teaching and learning are not up to the desired standards. Instances of students getting 100% do not necessarily mean that our educational system is good,\" he said.He said he was pleased that Anna University evaluations have become more stringent.\"Everyone does not deserve to pass. If students are asked unexpected questions in engineering exams, many will not make the cut. This simply means that students need to be taught their lessons in such a way that they understand the concepts clearly, instead of blindly memorizing the text. We need to identify areas that need improvement and change,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12387637", "title": "First train chugs into Manipur's interiors", "text": "SILCHAR: Sixty four years after India's Independence, many villagers in Manipur saw a locomotive for the first time on Friday as it traversed 12km from Jiribam to Dholakhal station.The small patch is a part of the 84-km Jiribam-Tupul broad gauge project, the foundation of which was laid by the PM in 2004. So far, Manipur had only 1.5km rail tracks up to Jiribam station near the Assam border.Villagers lined up along the newly-constructed railway line, which runs through hills, and expressed their happiness by waving at the engine. The Manipur government is set to treat the route as the lifeline of the state given the uncertain road links due to frequent economic blockades. The Railways completed the task in spite of severe law and order problems in the area, said deputy chief engineer (construction), Jiribam, S P Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387829", "title": "Parents and schools slam bid to impose \u2018unjust\u2019 burden", "text": "MUMBAI: Schools, parents and activists say none of the reasons given by school bus operators for a fee hike cut any ice with them.\"We pay fees for all 12 months, though our children attend school only for about nine months. I pay another Rs 470 every month for my son's school bus to drop him from King's Circle to Sion, a very small distance. Why should I pay more?\" said Raghu Chari, whose son is in SIES High School, Sion.Schools too are supporting parents on the issue. \"In the past few months, bus operators went on strike whenever they wished. Many parents faced problems as they had to take leave from work and drop their children to school. Still, bus owners are demanding a fee hike. There can't be a logical justification for this,\" said the principal of a suburban school. She added many parents have contacted her, seeking help. \"We don't know how to resolve this issue. The government needs to intervene,\" she added. Many principals were angry about a pending Government Resolution that the education department has still not sent to schools.\"How can the bus owners decide to hike fees? The transport committee set up in every school is supposed to decide on a structured fee hike, depending on the geographical location of the school and the student's residence,\" said activist Indrani Malkani. She added parents wouldn't mind paying more if it is for their children's safety. \"It is unfair to target parents every time. Bus owners threaten strikes to get their way and we are forced to give in,\" said Rinkesh Jain, whose child is at Diamond Jubilee High School, Mazgaon.\"It is totally unjustified of bus operators to collect infrastructure cost from parents. Under an earlier Supreme Court judgment, even schools are not allowed to charge any amount towards infrastructure cost,\" said Jayant Jain, president of the Forum for Fairness in Education. He added the forum will raise this issue in their petition before the Bombay High Court, which will be heard in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12385781", "title": "A sunset at dawn!", "text": "The beautiful green-scape of Goa felt like a desert. There was nothing that had changed at the airport or the roads, but a lot had changed in a matter of ten minutes on the early morning of March 21. Goa felt different and deserted. A baron land, orphaned!Landing in Goa's capital on March 22 night, driving through the familiar roads, it felt like I should not have undertaken this trip. This was the first time I was travelling to this part of the country to attend a farewell, a funeral. The last rites of a Goan hero was awaiting my destiny, in this trip!Matanhy Saldanha, was not just another politician for Goa or Goans, not at all rather! Considered a messiah by many, an honest warrior and a truly chosen leader- he was all that and more. A crusader for environment, a fishworkers' leader who fought for coastal protection and sustainable livelihood, anti-SEZ icon, a strong voice against mining and loot in Goa, he was much more. A lot more was in the offing!But what many people in Goa and rest of India may not know about Matanhy is that he was one of the founding pillars of the National Fishworkers' Forum (NFF), the pioneering independent Trade Union of state level unions of traditional fishworkers of India. In his 30's, Matanhy was elected the first National Chairperson of NFF. Due to his political career in Goa, he kept out of NFF for almost two decades till he came back to take charge of NFF, in its crisis hours, in 2009. At his death, Matanhy was Chairperson of the biggest independent fishworkers' trade union of India. From a school-teacher leading the protest of local fisher people against a polluting industry he became the most important leader of the traditional fishing communities of our country.It was a crucial year. Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF), under Jairam Ramesh, had given the clearance for the Coastal Management Zone Notification (CMZ) despite opposition from fishworkers and environmentalists from across India. NFF under the leadership of Harekrishna Debnath had finished a National Fishers Rights Rally. But then, Harekrishna succumbed to cancer - leaving NFF and the fishers literally between the devil and deep-sea! Matanhy took command from there.Rest is history: MoEF was forced by the fishworkers movement to revert back to Coastal Regulation Zone language. MoEF declared that there will not be any SEZs on the coast. I personally always complained that CRZ 2011 was too little for Matanhy's negotiations skills - and truly, he was never happy with it either! Never a man for consensus, he told the Minister that MoEF can have its way and the fishworkers will have theirs! Jairam Ramesh's team could not believe that having achieved 16 out of NFF's 32 major demands to MoEF, this man still had the energy for more!He was not just a warrior, but a fine-tuned one at that and a man with unbelievable democratic ethos. He never rated any of us, his absolute juniors with age or experience criteria. His sense of gender equality added naturally to his leadership charisma. He trusted the positions of colleagues and made it a point to subject his vision and perspective to debates among lesser mortals. We fought over his decision to join the BJP. Against my loud ranting, on the other side of the phone was a calm and composed Matanhy who took time out to convince me about his political turn and its significance in Goan situation.God's must have envied Matanhy's eye for details. From politics to mundane day-today stuff, he surprised one and all with his capacity to get involved with specifics and details. Once he wanted some lightings and chandeliers to be bought for his new little apartment in Panjim and insisted that I take a piece of paper and draw the shape of the Chandelier, its corners, number of bulbs, etc. before buying it for him - and difficult to believe, this was over the phone! Sitting in Goa, he even knew the shops in Delhi's Chandni Chowk from where he could get the stuff!Whenever I requested that he quit smoking, Matanhy responded with his classic smile saying, \"look at you man, you have put on a lot of weight after quitting the stick. You want to make an elephant of me or what?\". Never one to bother about his own health or wealth, Matanhy made it a point to always take care of people around him.The newly elected BJP government, Manohar Parrikar and his crew of ministers in Goa will have a lot of difficulty in fulfilling what they promised to the people of Goa, without Matanhy Saldanha. This is for sure! He was the architect of a lot of people-friendly and environment friendly measures promised in the BJP manifesto of 2012 elections. They promised to stop illegal mining, to stop new mining, to permanently get Goa away from SEZs, to make sure that coastal Goa remained beautiful and truly sustainable ways of tourism only promoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12386591", "title": "Allahabad high court quashes land acquisition in Greater Noida", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Friday cancelled the acquisition of five hectare land by the Greater Noida Authority in Birandi Chakrasenpur village of Greater Noida. Authority's acquisition of land in Omicron 3 and Pi sector of Greater Noida has been quashed since it was done using the urgency clause in 2008.The acquired land has already been allotted to the cooperative societies. But they are yet to start construction work. According to a senior official of the authority, they will file a special leave petition in the matter soon. A division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice Manoj Mishra allowed the writ petition - filed by farmer Ram Singh and others - challenging the government notification dated November 19, 2008 and March 23, 2009 issued under the Land Acquisition Act.While allowing the writ petition, the court quashed both the notifications on the ground that the land was acquired without providing an opportunity of hearing or objection to the land owners when there was no urgency for the acquisition.Meanwhile, taking up a writ petition filed on Thursday by some villagers of Patwari village, another division bench of Justice R K Agarwal and Justice V K Mathur on Friday directed the state government to file an instruction within three months about the nature and present position of the land whose notification for acquisition was quashed by the court last year. Since the last judgment, many farmers have already accepted the increased price of the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12387971", "title": "Alcoholic men need help too, should go for regular counselling sessions", "text": "In 2011, I got 43 cases of domestic violence from Gurgaon and alcohol abuse seems to be a key cause behind such violence. I would suggest women who are abused at home should make an attempt to understand the laws pertaining to domestic violence properly. They should attend counselling sessions and encourage their husbands to take help as well. Most men who indulge in these things are frustrated in some way or the other and if alcohol is the only reason for domestic violence, counselling for six months to one year can help a man overcome his abusive traits.Rashmi Bhushan, advocate/ mediator, mediation cell, Gurgaon district court", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385579", "title": "Oust CM chorus gets louder", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as supporters of Kiran Kumar Reddy held discussions on Friday to chalk out a strategy to insulate their leader from moves by detractors to topple him from the CM's chair, it has emerged that at least 10 state ministers, four former ministers and a central leader are behind health minister D L Ravindra Reddy's resignation drama. Stating that he faxed his resignation to Congress president Sonia Gandhi, Ravindra Reddy has cleared the path for other ministers to follow suit.According to a highly-placed source, this powerful coterie of ministers and former ministers are orchestrating a campaign to put pressure on the Congress high command to effect a change of guard in the state. While Ravindra Reddy is the visible face of this group, those in the background are said to be in touch with the high command. \"If the Congress high command does not respond to our demand for the removal of Kiran Kumar Reddy in a week's time, another minister will quit the cabinet,\" one minister told TOI on Friday.Sources said the main agenda of Ravindra Reddy and company is to replace Kiran Kumar with another Reddy from the Telangana region. \"This will serve two purposes. It will help in pacifying Telangana people and also stop the exodus of Reddy leaders from Congress to Jagan's YSR Congress. Though the senior ministers at the Centre are in favour of our argument, Sonia is yet to be convinced and the present stepped up campaign is precisely to achieve that,\" explained a minister who is spearheading the anti-Kiran campaign in the cabinet.Two strong ministers from Telangana region are eyeing the chief minister's post in the event of their strategy succeeding. One is from the Reddy community and the other from the backward classes. The two ministers have been holding regular meetings at an undisclosed location over the past few days in order to avoid the media glare, the sources said.\"We have succeeded in getting the support of majority of the MLAs in favour of changing the chief minister. But, we are waiting for the right moment to strike as Sonia does not yield to pressure tactics,\" said another minister. These ministers have already held meetings of the MLAs on the lines of caste, district and region and offered 'good' future for them if they support `change of guard campaign' in the state.According to the sources, four former ministers belonging to the Reddy community are fuming at Kiran for not giving them cabinet berths in spite of their long experience in the party and government. One former minister from Chittoor is camping in New Delhi to convey the 'state of affairs' in the state to senior ministers in the Union cabinet. The former minister has been telling the central leaders that the entire Reddy community was drifting towards Jagan as Kiran failed to infuse any confidence in the community and depending mostly on Kapus for the survival of the government.\"Kapus may be numerically more, but the leadership is with the Reddy community in almost all the villages in Rayalaseema and Telangana. In Andhra region, they share the leadership with the Kammas. So, the political fortunes in the state will be decided by the Reddys and not by Kapus,\" said a senior leader who lost his ministerial berth after Kiran took over the reins.However, the anti-Kiran team is facing a hurdle in the form of Damodar Raja Narasimha who is also nursing hopes of becoming chief minister. Some of the senior leaders in the team are trying to convince him to back a Reddy CM on the assurance that he would be given the home portfolio that was denied to him by Kiran Kumar. The anti-Kiran Kumar team is now focused on gaining more support in the CLP for AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad's visitin the first week of April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388330", "title": "Engineering student hacks bro-in-law\u2019s FB account", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An engineering student, colluded with his brother, also studying engineering, to hack the Facebook account of his brother-in-law and post obscene remarks about his estranged wife and her mother.Neeraj Pandhir and his younger brother Sahil Pandhir of Rohtak district were booked under section 66 of Information Technology Act. Though Neeraj is pursuing his engineering from a private institute in Rohtak, Sahil is studying in Chandigarh.Neeraj, who is having a matrimonial dispute with his wife, who is currently staying in Sector 22, and is believed to have tried to get back at her. The dispute is pending before crime against women cell (CAW) of Chandigarh Police. The hacking of Facebook account came to light when the accused's brother-in-law started receiving phone calls about his sister and mother. The involvement of accused brothers established after ascertaining the identities and internet connection of both of them through the cyber scrutiny. Police said accused brothers would be arrested shortly.It is not the first matrimonial dispute, which turned into cyber crime. In October, 2011, a computer engineer Navdeep Chahal was held for making his wife's false Facebook account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387258", "title": "Dutchwoman found dead in house near Mahabs", "text": "CHENNAI: The police are questioning a 32-year-old Dutch national after his girlfriend was found dead in mysterious circumstances at a house near Mamallapuram, 60km from Chennai, on Friday.Investigators said Remco Elizabeth Martin Joseph had spent two days in the house with the decomposing body of 35-year-old Johannah Cornalia Lambrata, also from the Netherlands, before a guide discovered that the woman was dead.Joseph told the police that some men had broken into the house and assaulted him, leaving him unconscious for a long time. However, investigators said he went around the town with the guide on Thursday, a day after Lambrata's death.\"He did not reveal that his girlfriend was dead, even when the guide, Sekar, asked him about her,\" an investigating officer said. \"Sekar entered the house and found Lambrata's body. He informed the police, who recovered the body and detained Joseph for questioning.\"Inspector-general of police (north zone) C Sylendra Babu told TOI that officers rushed to the house shortly after the guide called the police at 11.30am. \"The woman has nail marks on her neck,\" he said. \"There are signs of a struggle before death. We are waiting for the postmortem report.\"The woman's body has been sent to the Chengalpet Government Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12393523", "title": "7 injured in explosion, fire on Korean tanker", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven persons including three foreign crew were injured when a fire broke out following an explosion on board a Korean chemical freighter at Mumbai harbour today.Two of the injured are reported to be serious, Mumbai Port Trust officials said.\"At 11.25 am, the Korean owned 9500 DWT chemical tanker Royal Diamond 7 reported to the Mumbai port's vessel traffic system/control station that an explosion had occurred and three crew members have been injured,\" an MPT press statement said.Immediately, a tug was despatched to bring the injured to shore, it said, adding besides two Koreans and one Filipino, four local workers engaged by the Marshal Island flagged tanker had received injuries in the incident.\"They were immediately rushed to nearby hospitals by ambulance of the port trust fire brigade. It is understood that the burn injuries sustained by two of the crew members are of serious nature,\" it said.Immediately on receipt of information about the incident, the chairman deputed the deputy conservator and the harbour master of the port to the anchorage to personally supervise the evacuation of the injured and ensure safety in the harbour, an MPT official said.There was an accidental fire on board the tanker last Saturday when it was berthed at New Pir Pau Pier of the MPT after which it was shifted to the 'Tanker Anchorage - One' at Mumbai harbour, the official said. MPT chairman has already sought an interim report on the incident.\"The incident occurred at the same store room where the explosion and fire took place on last Saturday. The fire was immediately brought under control and everything was back to normal on board the tanker by 1 PM,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387210", "title": "Health depertment pulls up socks after drop in sex ratio", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical, health and family welfare department on Friday chalked out a plan for proper implementation of various government health schemes to improve the health indicators in the state.As the sex ratio in state has declined drastically in one decade, the department has also decided to hold a review meeting in this regard about the efforts put in by department officials in their districts.Addressing the department officials on Friday, principal health secretary B N Sharma said the drop in sex ratio is a serious social problem. Strict action must be taken against those who are involved in sex determination he said and informed them that there is need of public awareness to deal with the problem with the cooperation of social organizations.Sharma encouraged the officials to put in efforts to improve other health indicators like institutional deliveries, improving maternal mortality ratio, infant mortality rate and immunization. He directed the officials to track each and every pregnant woman and infant and ensure their proper immunization against diseases. The principal health secretary warned the officials that strict action will be taken against officials and doctors if the figures of institutional deliveries in their areas are found quite less in comparison to the population of that area.Further, medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) facility would be made available at the primary health centre level in the districts. Sharma directed the officials to ensure that the facility would be made available at all the PHCs of the state by June 30.Gayatri Rathore, mission director of the National Rural Health Mission, said a separate website will be launched soon for monitoring the Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna, which was launched last year in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387091", "title": "High Court casts aside Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission quota clause", "text": "CHENNAI: Job aspirants under reserved categories beware. Unless your applications for recruitment through the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) are accompanied by community certificates as proof , they would be summarily rejected.An order to this effect has been passed by a division bench of the Madras high court comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, which faulted the TNPSC for entertaining incomplete applications from reserved category candidates, as it led to 'wasteful litigation'.The matter relates to an appeal filed by E Bamila, who claimed that though she belonged to a backward community she had failed to enclose a community certificate in her application for combined engineering services examination conducted by the TNPSC in 2010.Bamila, who belonged to the backward Kerala Mudali community, was, however, allowed to write the examination in October 2010 and called for oral test in August 2011. During verification of documents, it became clear that the community certificate was not enclosed and she was treated as an open category candidate. She failed to clear the test. Her petition was first dismissed by a single judge, giving rise to the present appeal.The TNPSC, on its part, contended that as per paragraph 11 of the job notification, applications of reserved candidates would be summarily rejected if they are not accompanied by the community certificate. However, as per office order 59 of the TNPSC, if the candidate concerned is otherwise eligible he/she will be allowed to write the examination as an open category candidate. As per office order 60, in case the candidate had enclosed the certificate but it had not reached the authorities for some reason, he/she would be given 15 days time to furnish the fresh certificate.Refusing to accept the TNPSC submissions, the judges said the rejection clause in the job notification and the two office orders were contradicting each other. They said: \"With a view to erase the confusion and keeping in mind the interest of thousands of candidates taking TNPSC examination, and further in view of the settled legal position that the terms and conditions in the notification will be binding not only on the candidates but also on the public service commission, we set aside the conditions in office order no. 59 and 60 as they are against the public policy and welfare.\"Rapping the TNPSC for failing to reject Bamila's application, the judges said the two clauses were \"nothing but wasteful ones, since they permit an unqualified candidate to take the examination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386965", "title": "Oil firms eye window to hike petrol price", "text": "NEW DELHI: State-run fuel retailers may make a dash for raising petrol price steeply after Parliament goes into recess on March 30 even as oil minister S Jaipal Reddy on Friday ruled out deregulation of diesel prices.\"As of now, we are not contemplating deregulation of diesel prices,\" Reddy told reporters on the sidelines of the seventh Asia Gas Partnership Summit here. He also admitted to \"some kind of discontinuation\" of the petrol price in recent times.The government gives retailers cash subsidy to keep prices of kitchen fuels and diesel prices artificially low. Diesel price will go up by Rs 14.73 a litre, if the government lifts pricing controls.While petrol is officially deregulated, the retailers do not change the fuel's pump prices without the parent oil ministry's informal nod. The ministry prevented them from raising prices for fear of stoking public anger months before assembly polls.Now that polls are over, the retailers are expected to use the small window that opens after Parliament's recess to raise petrol price by up to Rs 5 a litre. But the jury is still out whether they will get the ministry's nod, given Trinamool's opposition to fare and user charge hikes.IndianOil Corporation chairman R S Butola said the retailers would review petrol price next week as their loss on petrol on the fuel has risen to Rs 7.72 per litre. \"We are losing Rs 6.43 per litre on petrol and after adding 20% sales tax, the desired increase in rates in Delhi is Rs 7.72 per litre.\"The international price of gasoline (against which domestic petrol prices are benchmarked) have risen from $109 a barrel at the time of last revision in December, 2011, to $134 per barrel at present.Oil firms had last revised rates on December 1 when prices were cut by 78 paise per litre. Petrol at IOC pumps in Delhi is currently priced at Rs 65.64 per litre and the rates vary by a couple of paise at pumps of Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum.He said oil companies have requested the government to compensate them for selling petrol at rates below cost just like it does for diesel, domestic LPG and kerosene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12385688", "title": "Vehicles vandalized at Dharbandora", "text": "PONDA: Tension gripped Dharbandora on Friday evening when six persons vandalized several vehicles which were earlier involved an accident in the morning. The six persons also assaulted some locals.According to Ponda police, a pile-up occurred between six vehicles at Dharbandora on Friday morning and five persons suffered injuries. It is believed that one of the injured persons, Anil Hawnoor, 27, who was discharged from hospital, later came to the site with five others and damaged several vehicles, including those involved in the accident.Anil Hawnoor, a labourer from St Cruz in Tiswadi, along with Vilas Kamble, 24, from Bandh Panaji, Viddesh Hawnoor, 20, a resident of St Inez, Sunil Hawnoor, 30, a resident of St Cruz, Nitin Rane, 18, a resident of Kalapur and Rohit Hawnoor, 18, a resident of St Cruz allegedly vandalized the vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12385802", "title": "Goa struggles to come to terms with loss", "text": "MARGAO: People from all backgrounds, from near and afar, ministers to common man, prominent activists to his former students, family and friends, all flocked to the ancestral home of the late tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha as soon his body arrived in Cansaulim at noon on Friday.While Saldanha's body, dressed in a black suit, could be seen through a refrigerated glass casket, villagers wailed and their cries reverberated throughout the house.The mood was best gauged at around 4.30pm when Fr Randal Barreto, SFX, Pilar Society, said a prayer while all those gathered around listened in silence.Such was the sense of disbelief that people could not come to terms that the man and confidante whom they had \"just spoken to on Sunday\" or \"was supposed to meet on Wednesday\" was now no more. Saldanha's bereaved family remained strong and met the thousand-odd people who came to offer their condolences, with most echoing \"There can never be another Matanhy\" and God save Goa\".Political leaders across parties such as leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane, Mormugao MLA Milind Naik, Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar, former sports minister Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar, BJP leader Wilfred Mesquita, NCP leader Carmo Pegado, JD(U) state president John Phillip Pereira, UGDP vice president Radharao Gracias amongst others visited the residence. Most were of the opinion hat chief minister Manohar Parrikar will have a tough time trying to find someone who would fit into Saldanha's shoes.Other prominent citizens, who visited, said Saldanha was misunderstood at times for his activism and that his untimely death was a 'black day' in Goa's history.While industrialist Dattaraj Salgaocar praised Saldanha's endurance and commitment to Goa, Shrinivas Dempo said that he had not witnessed so much humility in anyone he had ever met and hoped that Saldanha would always be remembered.Others who spoke included Brahmanand Sankhwalkar, former Goa football captain; Claude Alvares of Goa Foundation; Auda Viegas of Bailancho Ekvott; Saldanha's first cousin Savia Viegas and friend Victor Hugo Gomes, and Valmiki Naik, India Against Corruption activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390846", "title": "Celina Jaitley delivers twins", "text": "On Saturday actor Celina Jaitly and husband Peter Haag became proud parents of two healthy boys. The names of the twins are Winston and Viraaj.The actor and her husband can't wait to get home to spend some quality time with the twins. Celina's husband Peter confirmed the news saying, \"Yes our angels from heaven are here and we are very happy. Celina and the boys are doing very well health-wise too. We just want everyone to bless our handsome boys.\"Peter and Celina who are based in Dubai will visit Mumbai very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387317", "title": "Economic survey exposes agriculture crisis in state", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time, the state government has officially admitted of an agrarian crisis in its Economic Survey for 2011-12 by reporting that there was negative growth by over 5 percentage points in agriculture. The de-growth in farm sector along with rising debts and dip in state gross domestic product (GPD) below the national GDP presents a dismal economic picture.Farm activist and Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti president Kishore Tiwari, said, it is evident that the agriculture de-growth in the state is dragging the state's economy down. The external borrowing of the government is expected to increase to 2,26,926 crore in 2011-12. In 2004-05, the total public debt was 1,09,167 crore but by 2010-11 it increased to 2,05,689 crore. The fall in the state's GDP is steeper than the country's. While the country's GDP (advance estimates) has come down by 1.5 percentage points to 6.9 % in FY2011-12, in the state it has fallen (as per projections) by 2.80 percentage points to 8.5 %.\"This is a gloomy situation. Massive corruption and malfunctioning in the state are mainly responsible for this economic crisis,\" said Tiwari. \"If the situation is not brought under control with urgency the sufferings of 7 million debt-trapped farmers could worsen. The negative growth will spread to urban areas and distress will deepen,\" warned Tiwari.As per survey it is reported that in FY 2011-12, agriculture and allied activities has shown a negative growth of 5.1% (against a growth of 15.6 % in FY2010-11), industry and services have grown at a slower rate of 9.1 % (10.8%) and 10.1% (11%) respectively. The report pointed out that production of foodgrains in 2011-12 is expected to register a decrease of 23 % at 118.09 lakh tonnes as against 154.19 lakh tonnes last year. Production of oilseeds and cotton (lint) are also expected to decrease by 8% and 15% respectively.\"The reason given by the government for retardation of agriculture growth is the late arrival of monsoon in Vidarbha and Marathwada and its erratic nature. But in reality, it is the wrong policies promoted by state and total neglect of dry-land farmers who were growing rain-sensitive crop like Bt cotton. The state should promote sustainable crop patterns, Tiwari said.\"While foodgrain yields have dropped by alarming levels, there is a jump by 200% in consumption of grains by alcohol units allowed to use foodgrains for brewing in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390046", "title": "Muzammil Ibrahim to play Tarzan!", "text": "B Subhash, who made Hemant Birje famous as the jungle lover boy in his 1985 hit has decidedThe film had made the well-built, semi-clad Hemant Birje so famous, that the actor got more or less stereotyped as the modern day 'desi' Tarzan. B Subhash's 1985 rendition of the fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs in 1912 went on to top the charts. It launched Birje alongside Kimi Katkar.And now, the filmmaker has found his 21st Century Tarzan too. Mirror has learnt that B Subhash is all set to remake his former production with model-turned-actor Muzammil Ibrahim in the lead of a jungle hero.Talking about his new project, B Subhash told Mumbai Mirror, \"I am remaking Tarzan in 3D. I am very excited. I will direct it myself since I know the graph of the film. With due respect to all other directors, I can proudly say that no one can make a better Tarzan than me. It was released in 1985. And it is a new challenge for me to present it in this period and generation.\"About Muzammil Ibrahim being the new age Tarzan in his venture, the filmmaker said, \"I am talking to him but give me a few weeks to confirm the casting. Tarzan is a heroic character and everyone loves him for his innocence. We love the kind of person Tarzan is. Muzammil fits the bill. We are working out possibilities of him playing the lead.\"When contacted, the actor, who was last seen in Will You Marry Me? confirmed that he has indeed met B Subhash. \"He wants me to play Tarzan to be shot in 3D. However, the entire project is in a very nascent stage. I can't say anything else. I haven't seen the old Tarzan yet.\"The film will go on floors in within the next couple of months.About tarzan In the film, Kimi's Ruby accompanies her rich dad deep into the jungles of India in search of a fabled tribe. The damsel in distress is rescued by Hemant's Tarzan and the two fall in love.Tarzan, who has no experience of the outside world, is captured and taken to a circus. Will he escape and join his sweetheart forms the substance of the climax. The film that also starred Dalip Tahil and Om Shivpuri, cost Subhash around Rs 3 crore at the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392802", "title": "Television going bold is not a good indication: Nandita Puri", "text": "Actress and danseuse Nandita Puri, who is on air teleserial Amrit Manthan and has been associated in the past with shows like Naya Zamana, Karz, Chamatkar feels, \"that the television going bold is not a good indication.With several serials showing bedroom scenes is certainly not in good taste since television is still a family medium where the entire family sits and watches the various shows. Suddenly a bold scene emerging is certainly embarrassing for the entire family. It is better for such scenes to remain confine to films only as then we have the option to whether watch an adult film or not. Similarly shows like Saach Ka Samana are just cheap entertainment. Going deep into the personal lives of people is something which is in not in good taste and are just to generate publicity,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387172", "title": "Officials muddy well in name of god", "text": "CHENNAI: As a child, S Lakshmi, now 42, used to accompany her mother to the public well near her home in Sembakkam, 30km south of Chennai, to fetch a few pots of water. When she grew up, she fetched water from the well on her own. The well has been a source of drinking water for many families like Lakshmi's and has never been dry since it was built nearly three decades ago.These families are now fighting a plan by the Sembakkam town panchayat to give a permanent place to the Amman temple nearby by acquiring land, including the well on Chellinagar Main Road in Mahalakshmi Nagar and fill up and close the water source.On Friday, as part of the land acquisition process, officials removed a motor pump used to draw water from the well to an overhead tank. They also disconnected the electricity line to the pump and dumped a lorry load of sand in the well to make way for the temple that the state highways had removed in 2004 as an illegal structure that obstructed traffic on a main road. The statue of the deity was placed near the well after it was removed from the highway.Hundreds of residents gathered at the place and protested the local body's attempt to close the well after sand was dumped in it. As the crowd of protesters swelled, officials of the local body stopped work to close the swell and withdrew from the area.\"We depend on the well for water especially in summer,\" said K Perumal, a resident in Sembakkam. \"Instead of protecting the well, they are trying to close it.\"\"Locals have asked for a proper temple complex for the Amman temple,\" said a town panchayat official. \"So we decided to close the well and allow a residential welfare association to build the temple with funds collected from locals.\"The well was sunk in 1984 when residents donated funds and were allotted some money from chief minister M G Ramachandran's special assistance fund for the project. The 28-foot-deep well was built at a cost of 18,000. It serves more households in the local body, with around 3,000 families relying on its water, than eight other public wells in the area.Residents for many years drew water from the well with a rope and bucket. In 2001, residents and the local councillor gathered 27, 000 to deepen the well from 21 feet to 28 feet and fitted it with a steel cover. They installed a power connection to run a pump to draw water to overhead tank they built nearby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12386590", "title": "Development works to get Rs 2.5K crore more this year", "text": "More funds will be allocated for development works in the coming financial year. The plan size for the state is expected to increase from Rs 42,500 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 45,000 crore and above in 2012-13.The plan size denotes funds budgeted for various development works. The state finance and planning department on Thursday shared details of the plan size for the coming fiscal with the state cabinet, which is believed to have granted its approval.According to the State Economic Survey report, which was released on Thursday, there has been a consistent increase in the share of plan expenditure since 2006-07 when it stood at 21.8% and rose to 29.7% in 2011-12.The report also points out that the share of capital component (project works) in the total plan expenditure has been decreasing. \"The government has been encouraging private participation in the development of infrastructure facilities,\" the report reasons.A senior official said that more than the allocation, it was the utilization of amount set aside for plan works that was an issue. While a 100% utilization is expected as these works are \"planned\" in advance, the percentage implementation is not known to cross the 80% mark. The utilization ratio will be off the mark even in 2011-12, officials said.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who heads the finance and planning portfolio, have laid stress on \"realistic\" targets this time around, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12386542", "title": "Elephant tusks found abandoned", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Nedumangad police on Friday recovered three elephant tusks that were abandoned on the premises of the Muthumariyamman Devi Temple near Nedumangad. The police have registered a case and started investigation in this regard.The police said that the tusks had chilly powder spread on them, in a bid to derail the trail by the dog squad.These tusks would cost over Rs 2 lakh in the black market. The police suspect that the offenders might have abandoned the ivory tusks after they failed to dispose it in the market owing to lack of buyers. Nedumangad deputy superintendent of police Mohammed Shafi said that the tusks recovered were confirmed to be those that went missing from the forest office at Palode a month ago. The tusks were stored at the office along with over 70 other tusks collected from the carcasses of dead tuskers in the wild.A few days ago police received a report from the Palode forest office stating that three tusks from their collection had gone missing. It has been over 30 days since the tusks went missing. The police had also launched a probe following this.The police suspect some forest officers are behind the incident. They have already received sufficient evidence to back their suspicion.According to the report forwarded by the forest officials, the tusks were taken out of the store room after bending the iron bars of the window. But the scientific experts of the police, after examining the store room and window, filed a report stating that the tusks were too large to be taken out through the gaps between the window bars.Following this, the police had also directed their investigation towards the officials at the Palode Forest Office. It is at this juncture that the tusks were found abandoned at the temple premise.The tusks are now under the custody of the Nedumangad police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385778", "title": "Railways moots 50:50 sharing plan for future projects", "text": "KOCHI: The future looks pretty bleak for the Railway projects in Kerala. Railways, which has not been allocating adequate funds for its projects in the state, is now planning to initiate future projects across the country on a sharing basis.This will in effect force Kerala government to chip in exactly half the amount required for a project. Indian Railways apparently has no cash to take up projects on its own.Kerala received a preview of what was in store when former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi, in a letter, requested the state to adopt 50:50 cost sharing pattern for the Sabari Rail project. At the current estimate, this project will cost Rs 4,000 crore.Aryadan Mohammed, the state minister for railways, told TOI that the railway ministry had written the letter in this regard some months before presenting the railway budget. The state immediately replied that Kerala's budgetary support was very low to adopt such a pattern, he said.\"We pointed out to the ministry that we will not be able to embrace the 50:50 pattern, since in revenue earnings, our state is one of the lowest in India, while in per capita debt we stood first in the country. We are already reeling under pressure to fund other developmental projects like the Metro rail. If the ministry takes such a stand, our rail infrastructure will suffer,\" Aryadan said.\"Apart from financial crisis, the fact that many states are at present sharing the cost of rail projects is giving Railways the motivation to adopt such a concept. States like Jharkhand, Maharashtra and Karnataka, which seek rail infrastructure development at a faster pace, are providing land on a fast track basis as well as half the finance required for projects. The railway ministry is only happy to provide full support to such states,\" a railway ministry official said.While Jharkhand recently signed an MOU with Indian Railways on projects worth Rs 3,771 crore on the 50:50 pattern, Karnataka is funding about Rs 2,500 crore for ongoing projects under the same pattern. And at the MOU signing function, former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi urged other Indian states also to come forward with such proposals for expediting projects.\"This is something which the railway ministry has decided. Zonal offices are mere executing bodies. However I can say that Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu (partly), which have opted to share project costs, are witnessing very fast progress in rail infrastructure development. Kerala's future in rail development would depend much on whether the government adopts the sharing concept,\" said SR chief administrative officer (constructions) S Vijayakumaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386451", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India slaps stop-work notice on Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro's heritage line has once again landed in trouble with the Archaeological Survey of India. ASI has filed a police complaint and also slapped a stop-work notice on DMRC for undertaking construction and digging work within 300 metres of centrally protected monuments - Khooni Darwaaza and Delhi Gate in central Delhi.The Metro body had started preliminary work for their proposed Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate corridor which goes via several protected monuments and had started initial investigations some weeks back. But the work caught the attention of ASI and they issued a stop- work notice. An FIR was lodged at the IP Estate police station on February 20 and a notice was sent to Metro a week back, senior officials from ASI said.The ASI notice comes in note of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (amendment and validation) Act, 2010 which bans any construction activity within 100 metres of protected monuments and only controlled and restricted work within 101 metre to 300metre.Permission for construction work of this line has been cleared by the state-level competent authority but has not been approved by the National Monuments Authority, where it has been pending for many months now. \"Unless permission for construction is granted by NMA, there is no question that any work can be started within the regulated zones of protected monuments. In this case, there is a clear violation where work has been going on in the regulated zone of two protected monuments,'' said ASI officials.DMRC spokespersons said that they had only received a stop-work notice a month-and a half back but the matter was sorted out within two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386084", "title": "UP gets 2nd Muslim chief secretary after 36 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: Jawed Usmani took over as the 46th chief secretary of Uttar Pradesh on Friday. A 1978 batch IAS officer, Usmani has replaced batchmate Anoop Mishra, who has now been posted as chairman of UP State Road Transport Commission. Usmani will also hold the charge of principal resident commissioner of UP to New Delhi and chairman, Pradeshiya Industrial and Investment Corporation of UP (Picup).Usmani's joining the top post also marks a seminal moment in the state's history; he is only the second Muslim bureaucrat to occupy the chair of the chief secretary since Independence. The first Muslim chief secretary of UP was Mahmood Butt, who remained in office between 1975 and 1976.Regarded as an expert in economic development and management, Usmani holds an MBA degree from IIM-Ahmedabad and an MSc in social policy and planning from London School of Economics. Before taking over as the top bureaucrat in UP, Usmani since November 2010 was on a sabbatical in New York, where he was affiliated to the Center for the Advanced Study of India (CASI) under the University of Pennsylvania as a visiting scholar, doing research on climate change and India from February 2011. Though his sabbatical was slated to end in July 2012, Usmani has cut short his study leave to take over as the state's top bureaucrat.During his earlier stints, Usmani has worked in the Prime Minister's Office and at the World Bank, working with Pulok Chatterji, currently principal secretary to PM. Before going on study leave in November 2010, Usmani served as senior advisor to the executive director in the World Bank. On Central deputation since 2004, Usmani also served for five months as principal secretary to the chief minister's office during Mulayam Singh Yadav's tenure between February and July 2004. He was also secretary to the CM from December 1993 to September 1995.Keeping development central to his list of priorities, Usmani, after taking over from Mishra, said his focus would be to put UP on the path of planned development. He added that strengthening the state's infrastructure, which includes building the power production and distribution networks, for better industrial development of UP would also be key focus areas.Work would also be done, he said, to strengthen the network of roads, bridges and drink water facilities in the state. In the social sector, Usmani said UP government would focus on improving its education and health facilities. Emphasising transparency in governance, Usmani said he would meet the DGP to ensure that the law and order situation in the state was maintained.Usmani added that he would ensure good officers in the state government are encouraged and given their due, while those not found working properly are brought to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12386464", "title": "Techies dance their way to health and fun", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Breaking into dance in a public place appears to be the in-thing in Technopark.After Infosys and UST Global hip-hopped their way to the Flash Mob bandwagon, now Tata Consultancy Services's employees have been losing calories and sleep, practicing to attain perfect coordination at the TCS People's Park.This lot may be taking their coordinated efforts one step further and are planning on holding a Flash Mob simultaneously across Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram centres.Dazzlers are training employees of TCS in Kochi while Xtreamers dance trainers proficient in styles like Jazz, Hip-hop and western freestyle have been holding classes at the TCS People's Park here for the last two weeks.According to a techie who is attending classes with Xtremers, employees accustomed to their sedentary lifestyle are unable to keep with the mix of beats chosen by the TCS as it is nothing short of a cardio-workout. So there is a consensus to bring down the tempo and infuse the performance with a few slow-paced hip-hop beats.Incidentally, Xtreamers has also opened registration for conducting dance classes for Technopark employees from March 24 at the Technopark Club from 7am to 8pm in various batches.Arun Nandakumar who appears to have pioneered the concept of dance as a stress-buster for techies in Technopark is not very sure if the idea is feasible as it is subject to pitfalls due to shift-timings. Arun who is in his fifth year of training UST Global employees, said: \"I started the dance programme for techies at the Technopark Club in 2008. There was a good response in the beginning but the crowd thinned out as work took priority. So I decided to stick to employees with a particular company as that is a controlled environment.\"Arun now coordinates two dance clubs, FROLIC at UST Global and Insync at Infosys. \"As it is a voluntary exercise, only those really interested come for training. The classes are after office hours. The response is very good,'' he said. For a change, during this Holi, Frolic staged a dance performance in the campus.Rejit Raveendran of Xtreamers said this idea is definitely workable as requests keep pouring in from various companies. \"The women folk are very keen to learn dance as male employees have taken over the gym. It would be really helpful if a permanent space could be provided for holing dance classes in phase three of the technopark,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12387225", "title": "\u2018Amendment delayed to allot coal blocks free\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir was the first to raise the issue of a scam in coal. Ahir, who is also the member of parliamentary standing committee on coal, brought it up 2006. Now, as the CAG report says, at Rs 10.67 lakh crore, it's the mother all scams.An indicator to the scam is that the ministry of coal had allotted 23 blocks, of which 20 were to private companies, after introducing a bill in Rajya Sabha for auctioning them. Ahir told TOI that the screening committee of the coal ministry had allotted blocks having geological reserves of over 50 billion tonnes coal free of cost to government and private companies.\"In 2006 I had said that the blocks should be auctioned to raise revenue for the government. I had also raised the issue many times in parliamentary standing committee meetings and four times in the Lok Sabha. I also submitted a written complaint with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2009,\" Ahir said, adding, \"The CAG had started investigation into the issue following my complaints.\"As per various documents available with the TOI, the coal ministry had started allotment of blocks from August 10, 1993 under Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1973. Till 2005, 47 blocks were allotted free of cost.UPA government-I came up with a proposal to auction the blocks to earn revenue in early 2005. As there was no provision in the Act for auctioning the blocks, the government proposed to amend Mines and Mineral (Development &amp; Regulation) Act, 1957.However, the draft of the bill was introduced in the Rajya Sabha on October 17, 2008. The bill was passed in the Lok Sabha in October 2010. In this regard, the coal ministry issued a notification on February 2, 2012 introducing a new rule - Auction by Competitive Bidding of Coal Mines Rules.In between, 172 blocks were allotted to government and private companies free of cost taking the total number to 219. Out of this, 30 are situated in Vidarbha. The non-starting of blocks till June 2011 led to the cancellation of 24. As per data available with TOI, 195 blocks stand allotted till date to 289 companies - 99 government and remaining private. Of the total 195 blocks, 84 stand allotted to government companies and remaining to private.Ahir said the government would have earned several crores of rupees if it had auctioned blocks. \"The amendment was delayed deliberately so as to allot the blocks free of cost. I had estimated in 2009 that government would have earned Rs 55,000 crore if they auctioned the blocks since 2006,\" he said.There are other various points to examine in the entire issue. The blocks were allotted denying the demand of Coal India Limited (CIL). Of total 195 blocks, CIL was given only one block that too on November 1, 2011.Besides, the ministry too had reportedly denied the demands of state power utility - Mahagenco - to allot blocks in Vidarbha as its power plants are here itself. But power utility was allotted blocks in other states excluding one block at Bhivkund while private companies from Vidarbha were allotted blocks in this region itself.Flouting all norms, few private companies went on to sell the blocks to other private companies at a premium rate while the blocks were allotted free of cost. Even, Maharashtra State Mining Corporation (MSMC) declared to develop its blocks on BOT basis and claimed to earn profit of Rs 750 crore.But many blocks remain undeveloped till date. As per data, coal production has been started in just 28 blocks of total 195 till end of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12387861", "title": "\u2018School bus owners\u2019 fee-hike demand too steep\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The School Bus Owners' Association's (SBOA) demand for a hike in school bus fees in the coming academic year has generated enormous debate. While school bus operators insist that the costs of implementing the bus safety norms are too much for them to incur, several activists say the demand is unjustified.\"After the School Bus Safety Policy was introduced in 2011, most bus operators had already started making changes in their respective buses. The expenses have been increasing with every rule that we are being ordered to implement,\" said Anil Garg, president, SBOA. He added that rules like installation of bag racks beneath seats, vertical poles inside the bus, low footboard and the like, are only adding to 'unnecessary ' expenses. \"To make up for the expenses, we have no other option but to ask parents to chip in,\" added Garg.On Thursday, SBOA announced that to accommodate the changes as prescribed by the School Bus Safety Policy, bus owners will have to invest almost Rs 85,000 in each bus. Automobile experts as well as RTO officials, however, dismiss the bus operators' claims, calling it \"blackmail\" . \"Charging Rs 35,000 for installation of an exit door in one bus is not just hypothetical, it is insane,\" said Nitin Dossa of the Western India Automobile Association (WIAA). He added that making the necessary changes should not cost more than Rs 50,000 per bus. \"If the operators send an entire batch of buses to the same manufacturer , this cost can be further deducted ,\" added Dossa.When TOI enquired if the hike will be rolled back once the bus operators recover the expenses incurred by them, Garg said, \"The hike is only for the time being. Once we get back the money that we have spent, we will roll back the hike.\" He added that if the technical committee decides to drop some of the proposed changes-the bag rack, extra footboard and vertical poles inside the bus-the hike will be lower. \"One of the main reasons why we didn't want the policy to be implemented in its present form was because of all the extra expenses that will have to be incurred,\" added Garg.The SBOA also claimed the government was apathetic to their plight. \"We have been following up the issue with the transport department for the past few months but nobody is acknowledging our problems. We have sent several letters to officials but nobody has replied to our issues,\" said Garg. However, transport secretary S K Sharma told TOI that the bus operators have not yet informed the transport department or the government about their plans. \"Once we know what they are basing their claims on, we will be in a better position no analyze and figure out if the proposed hike is justified . We will inquire into this immediately ,\" he said.Times ViewThe issues that have been raised merit a second look. Will school bus owners consider rolling back the hike once they recover the cost? And what about some of the rules that have already been implemented (like painting all buses yellow)? Are they justified in reintroducing the cost of implementing these clauses retrospectively? It's not this paper's case that school bus owners spend from their own pocket to implement government rules. The market will determine how much they can demand and what people will eventually pay. But the effort, to justify a fare hike by pointing to the implementation of basic safety measures for our kids, is bound to raise a lot of questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12389936", "title": "Anurag Basu to take legal action against the fake casting agent", "text": "Anurag Basu was in for a rude shock when he recently started getting calls from actors in Kolkata saying he was casting for his next film and would like to audition girls.The caller supposedly identified himself as Suraj and said that he was assigned to audition for Basu's ads, television projects and movies. While some got duped in the process and sent e- mailed photos across, others informed Anurag before proceeding any further.Says Anurag, \"This is the third time that the guy is up to such a nuisance. Koel Mallick first told me that I had sent across my casting agent, Suraj, to meet her. I was at my wit's end but still wanted to find out if there was anyone by that name who I knew. Later, it turned out that the Suraj I knew in Mumbai has no connection with this dubious guy in Kolkata.\"Anurag decided to bury the incident till he came across another actor, recently, who narrated a similar story. \"This actor, Jhilik, knows my relative. Though she spoke to this guy, she also gave me a call. That's how I came to know about this. Now I'm thinking of taking legal action since I can't risk anyone misusing my name and promising roles.\"Jhilik, who was also a finalist of the CT Fresh Face contest and has worked in Bengali movies, says, \"This guy called me up and said he is both the casting director and financier of Anuragda. He said he had sourced my number from somewhere and was casting for Anuragda's next, to be produced by Anuragda himself. He spoke in a way that it seemed as if he knew Anuragda's entire family very well. Not just Anuragda's film, he also said he was casting for the directorial debut of Anuragda's film editor.\"Before Jhilik spoke to Anurag, she sent across her portfolio to this guy. \"I have sent a whole lot of pictures to him. He received them and told me that he would be coming to town next week and that we should meet up for subsequent discussions on the movie. Now that I have spoken to Anuragda, I'm very scared. I don't know if my pictures will be misused by this guy. I have had a word with Anuragda and he said that he will be pressing for legal actions because nobody should have any business harming his image.\"When CT called up on the number that supposedly belonged to this guy, the calls went unanswered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12386925", "title": "Suzuki staff skip lunch in protest", "text": "GURGAON: Workers at the Kherki Dhaula plant of Suzuki Motorcycles Private Limited (SMIPL) took to 'Gandhigiri' by declaring a hunger protest at the plant on Friday after the management suspended three workers on grounds of misconduct.The protesting workers did not stop working, they refused to eat the lunch or drink the tea provided by the company to show their solidarity with the suspended workers.According to the police, Suzuki also banned the entry of the three suspended employees on the company premises. The employees were identified as Suzuki Motorcycles Employees Union's vice-president Praminder Kumar, general secretary Avinash Kumar and secretary Gulshan Kumar. A copy of the order, asking the three workers to stay away, was pasted on the main gate of the company at the Kherki Dhaula plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385881", "title": "Madras high court calls for weeding out \u2018criminals\u2019 from police", "text": "KOCHI: In a unique judgment, the Kerala high court warned of dangers the police force faced from criminalized elements within it and, more crucially, of acknowledging recidivism (relapsing into criminal tendencies) on the part of personnel deemed to have reformed.On Friday, the court ruled that police personnel acquitted by a trial court in a criminal case should undergo separate evaluation regarding suitability to continue in service and be kept under constant surveillance till they retired. The court wanted the surveillance to be carried out by a special cell headed by director general of police in charge of intelligence.A division bench comprising Justices Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and CT Ravikumar also granted the government right to dismiss any enlisted police personnel without hearing if the special cell found them guilty.The bench was plainly concerned over the list of personnel with serious criminal charges that the DGP submitted. The list, the court pointed out, included personnel allegedly involved in offences like outraging the modesty of a woman, kidnapping, cause of loss to private property and in offences under the Explosives Act.The DGP had recommended their continuation in the force if they were acquitted by the trial court and the HC bench clearly wanted to discourage this. Questioning a liberal recruitment policy, the court cited the potential danger when police personnel after receiving arms training left the force.\"What if at the closure of the training it is ultimately found that a particular candidate is unfit to join service? He gets well trained in arms and ammunition and would then be told to leave the cadres, which will obviously make him available to other pastures which may be more lucrative to his economic growth in the present scenario,\" the bench observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12387988", "title": "Multi-crore plantation drive in hot, dry summer!", "text": "BHOPAL: This summer, the education department will launch Rs 9-crore campaign--Van Sanskar--to plant over 1.5 crore saplings under the Centre-funded Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. More than 28,000 teachers and 32,000 students would be involved in the campaign which the department officials said is part of the CCE (Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation).The department doesn't appear to worried about survival of saplings in peak summer months. Principal chief conservator of forest ( PCCF) Ramesh Dave said, \"Chances of saplings survival are slim when planted during peak summer.\" \"Saplings of neem, sheesham and guava should be ideally planted in February-March,\" he added.The forest department also celebrates van mahotsava, sapling of trees on mass scale during monsoon every year. The forest department would supply seeds and saplings. Each sapling will cost Rs 5, sources said.According to an order issued by principal secretary, school education department, Manoj Jhalani on Thursday, middle schoolchildren from class VI to VIII will plant saplings and class IX to XII students would get seeds. The department is train 28,000 school teachers for the drive .Jhalani told TOI, \"The department is undertaking a sapling plantation drive for the first time in the state. This has been included under the CCE where the students would also be required to make a project.However, there is a catch. Ssoil and fertilizers would have to come from students. The students have been asked to prepare saplings at home during summer vacations. These would be brought to schools on July 1 after vacations, says the education department circular.The department also doesn't appear to be bothered about the water availability in the peak summers as the campaign would be launched in May-June. A lecturer said, \"When schools in districts have neither water supply nor toilets, where is water for saplings?\" She said, \"Rather than holding such drives, the department should aim at the target of toilet construction in keeping with the Supreme Court directive and provide water supply.\"Kadam Sanskritik Kala Kendra, an NGO in Jabalpur, has to train teachers in Burhanpur and Jabalpur, sources said. Some 28,000 school teachers would be trained in two batches on April 9 and 10. The department has set a target of planting five saplings by each student in school compound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386189", "title": "Haripur still on NPCIL radar", "text": "KOLKATA: Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) chairman Srikumar Banerjee believes Nuclear Power Corporation of India (NPCIL), the implementing agency for new nuclear power plants in the country, should make a move on Haripur nuclear park only next year when two units become operational at Kundakulam nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu .\"Given the protests at Kundakulam and the heat and debate it generated across the country, this is not the right time to pitch for the proposed nuclear park in Haripur. Public confidence in nuclear energy has ebbed after the scare in Fukushima. We need to rebuild the confidence and that can happen only when we demonstrate the safety once Kundakulam goes critical,\" Banerjee said after delivering a lecture on \"Managing Perceptions About Nuclear Energy: An Emerging Challenge\" at CSIR-Central Glass &amp; Ceramic Research Institute on Friday.Making it clear that NPCIL had not dumped Haripur from its radar despite protests from locals a few years ago and Trinamool Congress' opposition to the project back then, Banerjee who has been approached by chief minister Mamata Banerjee to chalk out a growth plan for the state said NCPIL could move afresh after the dust settled down and people realized nuclear energy was safe, reliable and cheap.\"We have not approached the government on this issue yet. But more than the government, what is needed is public acceptance. NCPIL will evaluate other sites but Haripur is not a lost case. One of the biggest learnings from the Kudankulam agitation was the realization that we need to engage with the local population a lot early and connect with them,\" he said.Banerjee said NCPIL would strive to move beyond meeting the mandatory requirements to fulfill corporate social responsibility obligation with projects that really help villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386096", "title": "Delay in case hand-over affects CBI probe: A P Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI director A P Singh on Friday said that \"considerable time lag in handing over cases to the CBI makes the agency's work to collect evidence difficult\", while addressing a passing out parade of 15th batch of sub-inspector trainees at Ghaziabad.The agency chief explained that collecting evidence at times could become tedious since the CBI is not first responder in many cases. \"The CBI is not first responder and is usually given the task of investigating and prosecuting a case after a considerable lapse of time since the time offence was committed. It becomes not only difficult, but sometimes also impossible to collect evidence. Therefore, only a scientific recourse to investigation will take it to its logical conclusion,\" Singh said.He advised the new recruits that they need to constantly upgrade their skills and knowledge of legal procedures, laws of the land and scientific aids to investigation. \"Advanced training allows police officers to better serve the communities they work in, and to retain their edge as law enforcement professionals. This also keeps you abreast with the latest scientific tools to be used in investigation. An investigation done with scientific methodology can yield far better results and solve intricacies of crime,\" Singh said.He also presented awards to meritorious cadets on the occasion. Vijay Kumar Singh bagged the best cadet, while Parveen (shooting), Rajan Chaudhary (sports), Ranu Chaudhary (indoor and law), Udai Singh Gurjar (outdoor) and Vivek Chaudhary (cyber crime) were honoured for other categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12385925", "title": "Swine flu: One-year-old is eighth victim in Pune", "text": "PUNE: A one-year-old girl died at a civic-run hospital in Pimpri two days ago, becoming the eighth victim of swine flu in Pune district and the second in the Pimpri-Chinchwad area in the last ten days. The throat swab report of the girl returned positive for the contagion on Friday.The girl, Sania Rathod, of Vidyanagar in Chinchwad, died at the YCM hospital in Pimpri at 9.30 pm on March 21, said Milind Jawale, medical officer of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).Sania developed fever and cough on March 18 and was admitted to a children's hospital at Chinchwad on March 21 after her condition worsened. \"She was brought to YCM hospital at 7 pm the same day and immediately put on ventilator support. She died a couple of hours later,\" Jawale said.Meanwhile, 16 more people tested positive for swine flu on Friday. Fourteen of them are from Pune and two from Pimpri-Chinchwad. With this, the number of swine flu infected people in Pune has gone up to 112 and to 14 in Pimpri-Chinchwad, officials said.The condition of six critically ill swine flu patients - four in Pune and two in Pimpri-Chinchwad - remains unchanged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385737", "title": "Passport counters for Hajis", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what may come as respite for prospective Haj pilgrims from the tedious process of procuring passports, the Regional Passport Office will be opening two dedicated counters to issue passports to pilgrims soon.With the last date for submitting Haj forms being April 16, applicants had expressed their concerns to the State Haj Committee which in turn liaised with the RPO. Executive officer of the SHC, S A Shukoor said, \"We have requested the passport officer to issue passports to pilgrims by April 30 and he has agreed. Two counters will be set up at the passport office in the near future for applicants to collect their passports. We will be informing the date soon.\" Shukoor added that till date the committee has received 4,812 applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12386289", "title": "EU to help small tea growers of northeast, Bengal", "text": "GUWAHATI: The European Union (EU) has come forward to help the small tea growers in four northeastern states and West Bengal by forming primary producer societies so that growers can get the remunerative price of green tea leaves from the factories.The 65 million euro project funded by EU will be implemented by New Delhi-based Centre for Education and Communication (CEC) in partnership with UK-based Traidcraft and the small tea growers in the five states.Assam, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram are the four states in the northeast where primary producer societies will be formed on the lines of the structures functional in Tamil Nadu. Assam has the largest number of small tea growers in the country. There are over 70,000 small tea growers in Assam, followed by about 65,000 in Tamil Nadu and about 30,000 in West Bengal.\"By 2015, all the small tea growers in the five states will be brought under the primary producer societies,\" CEC executive director, J John said on Friday.He added, \"Once the societies are formed, small tea growers will be in a position to bargain on the price of green leaves with the factories. These societies will help the growers deal with the factories directly without any middle men. The realization of remunerative price for the growers will give an immediate thrust to the primary societies.\"He said after small tea growers in Tamil Nadu came under the primary producer societies, they have been able to get at least Rs 2 more per kilogram of tea leaves and the quality of the produce has also improved significantly. There are now 57 such societies in Tamil Nadu.The vice president of All Assam Small Tea Growers Association, Dinesh Sarmah said through primary producer societies, the small tea growers will gradually be able to make their entry into the market and evolve as a brand of their own.With the fall of price of green leaves in the state, many growers in Kokrajhar district are selling green leaves to neighbouring West Bengal. The president of All Bodoland Small Tea Growers Association, Pranoy Basumatary said about 60,000 kg of green leaves were sold in West Bengal as the growers in the state do not get good price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386058", "title": "Property dealer shot dead in Gosainganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two unidentified men shot dead a property dealer in broad day light in Gosainganj on Friday. According to reports, property dealer Suresh Kumar, a resident of Anandipur area in Gosainganj was intercepted by two motor-cycle borne youngsters at around 3pm. Suddenly, one of them took out a gun and shot Kumar from a point blank range. Kumar died on the spot. Police was groping in dark about the motive of the incident till the time of filing the report. No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12386351", "title": "Arunachal assembly adjourned after ex-home minister's demise", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Business Advisory Committee (BAC) of Arunachal Pradesh assembly on Friday decided to extend the budget session by another day following adjournment of the day's because of the death of former home minister Kabang Borang.Speaker Wangling Lowangdong adjourned the house before starting the day's business. The house would resume proceedings on Saturday and the session has been extended to March 28.Finance inister Chowna Mein, who was scheduled to present the budget for 2012-13 in the assembly, would do so on Saturday. The state government has announced state mourning on Friday as a mark of respect to Borang.All offices and educational institutions remain closed and the National Flag was flown at half-mast throughout the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387082", "title": "Sweet times ahead for sloth bears at Vandalur zoo", "text": "CHENNAI: Sweet days are here again for sloth bears at the Vandalur zoo. They can now tap honey inside their enclosure itself. Officials at the Arignar Anna Zoological Park (AAZP) have kept clay pots, with a capacity to hold a half kilogram of honey, in the enclosure. The pots have small holes at the bottom where a piece of cloth is inserted. Bears taste the honey dripping from the pot.Everyday, a zoo official fills the pot at 11.30am and visitors can watch bears having honey between noon and 1pm.\"Bears having honey is a visual treat for children. Besides, consuming honey in such a manner is a trait of bears. So, we came up with the idea to tap the animal's natural instinct,\" said zoo director and chief conservator of forests KSSVP Reddy. Besides the honey pots, steel ladders and slides have also been installed in the enclosure.At present, the zoo has three types of bears - European brown bear, Himalayan bear and sloth bear. Unlike other bears, sloth bears are fond of honey and the clay pots are kept at their enclosures. Zoo has 12 sloth bears, including eight females.They also feed on mangoes and sugarcane. But, the mammal's primary diet is ants. Sloth bears are expert hunters of termites, which they locate by smell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386521", "title": "Twist in Shehla murder case", "text": "KANPUR: In a fresh twist in RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, the three arrested accused have now put the CBI officials in a bind by offering contradictory statements. While one of them, Tabish, has admitted that it was not Shanu Olanga but Irfan who had shot the Bhopal-based activist, Saqib Danger and Irfan have accused Olanga of pulling the trigger.The CBI has now sought assistance from UP Special Task Force (STF). An STF official told TOI: \"On the basis of call details of Shanu Olanga who was killed in a gang war near Gora Kabristan area in Kanpur on November 30, 2011, investigators had earlier claimed that Olanga was not present in Bhopal on August 16, 2011, the day Shehla was murdered. But Irfan and Saqib Danger have now told the CBI in the presence of the third hit-man Tabish that it was Olanga who had executed Shehla's killing. They also told the agency that Olanga had another mobile phone number. Now, we are trying to collect details of this number.\"Shehla Masood (39) was murdered in front of her Koh-e-Fiza residence in Bhopal on the morning of August 16, 2011. This is the third time when Irfan has changed his statement. Irfan had earlier claimed that it was Olanga who had shot Shehla. However, during a polygraph test in Delhi, he claimed that not Olanga but he, Tabish and Saqib Danger had killed the activist. But during another round of questioning by the CBI sleuths, he backtracked on the statement and once again talked of Olanga's involvement in the crime in front of Tabish who was arrested from Kanpur recently.However, Tabish added that Irfan had shot Shehla as he needed money for his sister's wedding. \"It was about a week after the murder of Shehla that Irfan went to Bhopal to give a wedding card to Saqib Danger,\" STF sources told TOI. Sources further said, \"The weapon used in the crime has also been located and would be seized shortly. Irfan handed over the firearm to Tabish. Motorbike which Tabish rode to the scene of crime had already been recovered from Bhopal.\"Sources also said that Saqib Danger had also come to the city to meet Irfan ahead of assembly polls. \"He visited Irfan and discussed the strategy with him to skip the police dragnet,\" sources added.Till now, the CBI has arrested five persons in the high-profile killing. Bhopal-based architect Zahida Parvez and her aide Saqib Danger and friend Saba Farooqui are in judicial remand while Irfan and Tabish are in CBI custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12387336", "title": "'Ensure that no breaches in Cauvery'", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday directed the district collector of Trichy to ensure that there are no breaches in the Cauvery river bund in a village near Musiri.The bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah gave the order on a petition filed one S Mathivanan to restore the river bund to its original position in Kottur village near Musiri in Trichy district. Mathivanan alleged that the village had been affected by floods by reason of unlawful breaking up of river bund. He alleged the contractors have broken the bund to quarry the sand.However, the PWD engineer after receiving a representation told the court that authorities have inspected the said spot and found no damages. After conducting a feasibility study and considering various aspects to ensure safety of the public, a road had been laid in another survey. Noting the statements made by the PWD, the bench directed the district collector of Trichy to see that there are no breaches committed to the river bund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385924", "title": "Have a \u2018seat\u2019, government tells investors in medical education", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has loaned a corporate strategy to ensure that shares of its proposed Infrastructure Development Company (IDC), being floated to launch a medical college at Haripad, are a big draw.The idea is to set apart a certain percentage of MBBS seats for IDC shareholders. The company will be formed on the lines of Cochin International Airport Limited.The proposal for a special stake holders' quota within the management quota is expected to get the clearance of finance and law departments within a week.\"We expect to mobilise Rs 100 crore of the total Rs 300-crore project cost through this move,\" said Dr PGR Pillai, special officer for new medical colleges in Kerala.The share holders' quota will be a one-time offer and the seat will only be given to a direct dependent of the shareholder. Of the 100 seats in the medical college, 50% will be government quota and rest management quota. Fifteen per cent of the management quota will go for NRIs.\"We plan to reserve 15 seats for the shareholders. The minimum investment one has to make for availing this quota is being worked out. We're yet to decide whether they would be given dividends in addition to the special quota. As of now, the plan is to limit the privilege to the dependents of the shareholder,\" Pillai said.It is learnt that the state government will have 26% direct stake. Another 25% shares will be bought by the state public sector undertakings thereby taking the percentage of government-controlled stakes to 51%.The government controlled firms like State Co-operative Bank and Infrastructure Kerala Limited are expected to buy the shares, sources said. \"And if we still fall short, we will go for a bank loan,\" sources said.The hospital would be set up on a 40-acre plot to be taken over from National Thermal Power Corporation at Haripad. Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal, who represents Alappuzha in Parliament, has held talks with the NTPC in this regard. The government has already floated an executive committee with the chief minister as chairman.This committee will form a charitable trust that will separately enter into an agreement with IDC, which will play the role of prime promoter, for the running of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12393726", "title": "J&K; minister's son arrested for assaulting shopkeeper", "text": "SRINAGAR: The son of Jammu and Kashmir tourism minister was today arrested by police after he and his friend allegedly thrashed a shopkeeper in Leh town.Karma Stalzin, son of tourism minister Nawang Rigzin Jora, was arrested following a complaint from a shopkeeper in Leh that he and his friend roughed him up, police said.Stalzin had parked his vehicle in front of a shop in Leh town as he had come for shopping. The shop owner asked the minister's son to remove the vehicle as it was blocking entry to his outlet, leading to an altercation between the two.The shopkeeper, in his written complaint alleged that Stalzin and his friend thrashed him, the police said, adding that the accused were arrested based on the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387211", "title": "Restaurant staff held for skimming card information", "text": "CHENNAI: Beware of using credit cards while eating out in the city. Fraudsters are using skimmers to steal credit card data despite attempts by the police to clamp down on the culprits after a spate of such incidents.In the most recent case, two employees at the Velachery branch of a leading restaurant chain have been arrested by the police for filching credit card information of customers. The police charged the branch manager Venkatesh, 34, and cashier Balaji, 21, based on a complaint by John Selvaraj of Velachery.Investigators have also launched a hunt for a Sri Lankan Tamil who reportedly supplied the skimming equipment to the accused.In his complaint to the Velachery police, Selvaraj said someone had withdrawn 60,000 from his bank account without his knowledge. When the Velachery police received similar complaints, they forwarded them to the central crime branch (CCB) for further investigation. The complainants claimed that they had lost at least 4 lakh in all.\"We found similarities in all the complaints. Most of them were made by residents of Velachery and neighbouring areas,\" an investigating officer said. \"We quizzed them separately on recent usage of credit or debit cards at petrol bunks, restaurants, ATMs and malls. One fact linked the 15 complainants: They had all recently visited a restaurant in Velachery.\"Preliminary investigations revealed that employees of the restaurant were involved in the fraud. \"We questioned some of the employees and zeroed in on the two culprits,\" the officer added.The police said the pair confessed to the crime during interrogation. \"They said that they had been given the skimmer by a Sri Lankan Tamil,\" the officer said. \"The Sri Lankan national is the prime accused and is now on the run. He befriended the employees while dining at the restaurant.\"The officer said the Sri Lankan man lured the employees to take part in the scheme by promising them large sums of money in exchange for credit card data from the restaurant's patrons. \"The Sri Lankan man also gave them the skimmer device and showed them how to use it,\" the officer said.\"The arrested duo filched credit card data over the course of a week and passed on the information to the Sri Lankan Tamil,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390893", "title": "Maattrran does an Avatar", "text": "He bagged the National Award for his ground-breaking visual effects in Sivaji and Endhiran and now, Srinivas Murthy is lending his skills to K V Anand's Maattrraan.The visual effects wiz recently used the facial capture technology to capture Suriya's expressions. \"In performance capture, which has been used in Avatar and Tintin, the movements of the entire body is captured and then visual effects people work on them. Facial capture involves capturing only the expressions of the actor's face. An actor has to wear a head mount, to which a camera is attached, and it captures even the minutest expressions,\" he says.Srinivas reveals that his team developed the head mount indigenously, under the supervision of an LA-based effects company through video conference. \"Suriya had to make very minor adjustments to his acting style while performing with the head mount. Since K V Anand is one of the most tech-savvy filmmakers in our industry, it was quite easy for me,\" he adds. Quiz him about the manner in which the technology will be employed in the film, and he answers, \"All I say is that Suriya plays multiple characters in the film and we needed facial capture to make it possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12387926", "title": "Techno fest Kshitij kicks off at SCET", "text": "SURAT: Kshitij, a techno fest, kicked off at Sarvajanik College of Engineering and Technology ( SCET) here on Friday. Over 500 students from 17 colleges of the country are participating in the four-day festival.Robo Olympics, Avishakar model presentation and an engineering practical based event- Abinav, are very popular among the participants.Number of workshops on origamy, machan, bamboo tensile and sign type paintings are being held at the festival.On the first day of the festival, Council of Architecture president Vijay Sohni lashed out at the government for trying to amend The Architects Act, 1972. He expressed surprise over permission being given to a number of foreign firms to practice in the country and not to companies of Indian architects.Sohni also lashed out at the government for allowing graduates of architecture from 138 foreign universities to practice in India. The government is trying to take away the powers of the council, he alleged.The Council of Architecture has made a final proposal to the government after holding discussion among 300 architects of the country. The amendments proposed by us must be made in the act, he added.Meanwhile, Indian Institute of Architects, Surat and Indian Institute of Interior Designers, Surat Chapter, passed resolutions in support of Council of Architecture at their respective meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12386607", "title": "Vadodara dancer aims for another world record", "text": "VADODARA: A city-based dance instructor has been invited to Italy to stage a performance for Guinness World Records. Rupesh Raj, city-based dance instructor, had last year created a record for most number of opposite rotation of hands in a minute.Raj, who had rotated it 217 times, had managed to register his name in the Guinness World Records in March 2011 as the most simultaneous opposing rotation of the arms in one minute.\"Now, I have been invited to Rome, Italy where I will try and break my own previous record by increasing the frequency of rotations,\" said Raj, who runs a dance class in the city. Raj, who can move six body parts in opposite directions, has been invited by an European television channel for a shoot.\"I am the only solo dancer to be invited from the country for the shoot,\" he said, adding that after practice he is hopeful that this time around he will be able to cross 400 rotations in a minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "cansaulim", "code": "12385715", "title": "An artist and gardener - the little known side of Matanhy Saldanha", "text": "CANSAULIM: The 'original activist' and 'Goan against Corruption' as the youth call him; had a softer side not known to many. Children and youth, who he was a father figure to, remember his kind words and encouraging attitude which will remain as his legacy for them. Yet another side of the teacher, politician, and social activist that was little known to others is that Saldanha was also an artist by hobby and an enthusiastic gardener who brought exotic plants from Africa and Australia.\"No one knew that my uncle, who was more of a father to me, had a very sensitive side and he was always concerned about the youth,\" said his niece Malisa Simoes. Her brother, Olencio, said that not only was his uncle always pushing him and other youth to take education very seriously, Saldanha always stated that only with education and knowledge could anyone reach the heights they wished to attain.Malisa recalled how her uncle used to teach them the dignity of labour and every summer holidays, when the children would visit their ancestral house in Cansaulim, he would make them clean the compound wall or take up gardening. \"Speaking about the garden, we would take a walk with him in the garden every morning , inspect the condition of the plants and he would always bother about its upkeep,\" said Olencio. The bereaved family members pointed out that whenever Saldanha would return from a environment seminar - which he was often invited to attend across the world - he would bring back an exotic plant or two.Outside the house, incidentally, there is an olive tree that Saldanha brought from Africa and one cannot miss noticing the gigantic coconut tree, which his neighbours say, he planted and had been nurturing as a child. Inside the house, there are portraits painted by Saldanha that adorn the wall in the main hall. \"When Matanhy was young, he would use these paintings to try and instill values amongst those he was close to,\" recalled his sister, Efa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12387276", "title": "Vaiko, 665 others court arrest", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: The anti-Kudankulam tension shifted from coastal Idinthakarai to Tirunelveli on Friday as MDMK leader Vaiko, Naam Tamizhar Movement founder Seeman and a battery of leaders from various pro-Tamil outfits staged a protest at Palayamkottai expressing solidarity with the anti-nuclear protestors.Soon after the demonstration, the leaders, including Vaiko were arrested when they attempted to take a march towards Idinthakarai defying the prohibitory orders enforced under Section 144 of the CrPC in Radhapuram taluk where Idinthakarai falls. Police said that in all, 665 people including 44 women were held. The prohibitory order issued by Tirunelveli collector R Selvaraj to prevent deterioration of law and order situation due to resumption of Kudankulam nuclear plant work on March 19 would be in place till April 2.Vaiko, Seeman, 'Kolathur' Mani, along with functionaries and cadres of PMK, VCK, Manithaneya Makkal Katchi and PDK who arrived at Palayamkottai in the morning condemned the state government for the alleged intimidatory security blanket around Idinthakarai. The agitators attacked the state and Central governments for the crackdown on protestors and demanded that the arrested PMANE activists should be released and the prohibitory orders be lifted immediately.The agitators adopted 13 resolutions including a demand on the Centre to allocate the total quantum of power generated at Neyveli thermal plant, stoppage of work at Kudankulam plant until the fears of the local populace were allayed.Tension prevailed moments after the protest as Vaiko along with the slogan shouting cadres attempted to progress towards Idinthakarai. Police interrupted and said that they have only granted permission for the protest and not rally towards Idinthakarai as the prohibitory order is in place. However, Vaiko refused to stop and insisted on taking the march prompting the police to arrest all of them.There was some unrest for a while at Idinthakarai when the news of the arrest of the leaders reached them. The protestors who were demanding the release of the anti-nuclear activists arrested on the night of March 19, were incensed at further arrests.Meanwhile, a team of government doctors checked the health condition of S P Udayakumar, who is on a fast for the fifth consecutive day and declare that his health is not affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12385987", "title": "Ph.D student commits suicide in Pune", "text": "PUNE: A 28-year-old Ph.D research student, Minakshi Ghogare, allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison at her residence in Nigdi on March 19.The Nigdi police have arrested Minakshi's husband, his parents and sister on charges of abetment of suicide, following a complaint lodged by her father, Venkatesh Vyavahare (63), of Pandhapur in Solapur district. All four have been sent to police custody till March 27.The police said Minakshi was found unconscious in the bedroom of her flat at Krishna apartments in Nigdi on the night of March 19. She was taken to a nearby private hospital by her husband, Rahul (34), who works as a team leader at a call centre. However, the medical authorities at the hospital declared her dead on arrival.Assistant police inspector R P Bobade, who is investigating the case, told TOI that the hospital authorities told the police of the incident on March 20. Initially, a case of accidental death was registered. However, following the complaint by Minakshi's father, the case was converted into one of abetment to suicide.Apart from Rahul, the police have arrested his father, Ramesh (60), mother Nanda (49) and sister Amruta Salunke (27), who stays at Chikhali. Offences under sections 498 (A) (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) and 306 (abetment of suicide) of the IPC have been registered.Bobade said Minakshi and Rahul married in 2009. \"She recently completed her research on the subject, 'Struggle of bidi workers in Solapur', and was waiting for her Ph.D degree, which was to be presented at a convocation ceremony next month,\" he said.\"Minakshi's father has stated in his complaint that her husband and in-laws started harassing her mentally and physically barely six months into the marriage. It was only a year after the marriage that the father came to know about the harassment. The two families met twice since 2010 to resolve the issue,\" Bobade said.\"About two hours before she consumed poison, Minakshi had an argument with her husband. After some time, she went into the bedroom and allegedly consumed poison. We are ascertaining the substance that she consumed. The report of the chemical analysis of the viscera is awaited,\" Bobade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386430", "title": "India is too influential to be neutral, says rights body", "text": "NEW DELHI: India joined 40 countries to condemn \"sharply escalating\" and widespread violations committed by government forces in Syria on Friday, a day after voting against Sri Lanka. India's stand against Sri Lanka and Syria has come in for unqualified praise from human rights organizations.Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch (HRW), a global human rights body, said India did the right thing and would be on the right side of history. \"Sri Lanka has been in denial about war crimes. They are determined to stymie any investigation because culpability goes up very high,\" Roth told TOI.Referring to India's vote on Syria both at the UN Security Council and the HRC in Geneva , he said, \"India is becoming too influential to hide behind its traditional posture of neutrality. It has to take sides. India has played an important role at UNSC to forge a consensus to build pressure on Assad to stop the killing.\"Later, giving a talk at the Aspen Institute , Roth put India's vote in context. \"We have seen India taking strong human rights positions in South Africa , in Myanmar , and now Sri Lanka and Syria, as well as Tibetans.\"Commending India's role in the UNSC, India's abstentions in the global body are \"unhelpful\". The importance of India's presence and votes on human rights issues is also in the realm of what he calls the \"battle of ideas\".\"China represents a model of development that dictators love. China has been very successful economically. But we think there are huge problems with the way China's developing. There is a dark underside to the Chinese miracle. India represents a more accountable way of governance. India is an important model. As a vibrant democracy, India shows that concern for human rights is not a western construct.\"On Sri Lanka, Roth dismissed suggestions that the campaign against the Rajapakse government was fuelled by the Tamil diaspora , who supported the LTTE. \"That is naive. We have done a study to show that LTTE used extortion on Tamil expatriates to get funds.\"But there were deep concerns about the Sri Lankan military, he said. \"We are deeply concerned about abuses of Sri Lankan military. In the last stages of the war, the Sri Lankan army indiscriminately shelled the Tigers trapped on a beach. Along with them, 40000 civilians too were killed. Those are war crimes of a substantial nature,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12385687", "title": "Gudi Padwa marked by festivity, fanfare", "text": "HYDERABAD: On Friday, Telugu families traditionally celebrated Ugadi with much fervour even as Maharashtrians celebrated the Maharashtrian New Year, Gudi Padwa.Rashmi N Watve, a member of AP Chitpawan Sangha, a Maharashtrian association in the city, said, \"Today we make the traditional Puran Poli at home and since the festival coincides with Ugadi, we also have Ugadi pachhidi. In the evening, a few associations have organised a Shobha Yatra, which is a traditional rally at Badi Chowdi. Many Maharashtrians from the city participate in the rally dressed in traditional Navvaris and Pagdis. People also come dressed as Shivaji, Rani Lakshmi Bai, Bharat Mata, Ram, Lakshman and Sita.\"Elaborating on the significance of the 'Gudi', Poornima Rao, a resident said, \"The placing of Gudi which is a post with an overturned pot on it decorated with flowers and colourful saris is the most important custom. It may signify Brahmadhvaj (Brahma's flag), Indradhvaj (Indra's flag) or Lord Rama's victory over Ravans. But, many believe it signifies the victories of the Maratha forces led by Shivaji.\"North Indians in the city revealed that Friday marked the beginning of the Navratra, which is considered a very auspicious time for taking up new assignments. Swami Munishwar Nanda from Bharat Sevashram Sangha informed, \"It was during this Navratra period that goddess Durga actually defeated Mahishasura, hence this is the actual Durga puja known as Basanti puja. On Ashtami, the eighth day of this period, we offer puja to goddess Annapurna.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12387998", "title": "CBI likely to seek MLA\u2019s voice test", "text": "BHOPAL: After the arrest of five persons, including two women, in RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths are now concentrating on BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, drawing up plans to collect his voice sample and to subject him for a second polygraph on Saturday here, sources privy to investigations said.The CBI move to take the MLA's voice sample, has come after Saqib Ali alias Danger - an accused in Shehla killing-reportedly told the investigators that he rang up Singh and informed him about the murder, minutes after the activist was shot dead.Danger, a local history sheeter with help of his cousin Tabish Khan from Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh, hired sharp shooters Irfan and Shanu Olanga of that place at the instance of interior designer Zaheda Pervez, the alleged key conspirator in the case, to bump off the activist on August 16 last year. Zaheda, too intimate to Singh, was extremely zealous of Shehla, who also had proximity with the legislator, investigators said.Danger is understood to have told the CBI that he had a talk with Singh for more than three minutes. He reportedly revealed to the investigators about what the BJP MLA had told him during mobile phone talk. The country's premier investigation agency will ask Singh to repeat the exact statements in the midst of a witness he spoke to the history-sheeter, after Shehla was shot dead, sources said.For sure, he is not going to say no to the voice recording or the second polygraph test given that he is a politician and knows it ramifications, a CBI official said. \"If he says no to it, it could create an impression that he wants to skip it to conceal some fact,\" he added.Singh is in the midst of a storm after the CBI took over the investigations into Shehla killing from the state police last year. He had been quizzed thrice by the CBI and had already undergone a polygraph test some time back in Delhi. However, he turned out to be a hard nut to crack during interrogations, sources said.The key conspirator in the case Zaheda, her acquaintances Saba Faruqui, Danger and sharpshooter, Irfan and Tabish Khan had been arrested. Shanu was killed in a gang-war unrelated to Shehla murder case . Zaheda, Saba and Danger were in judicial custody while the two other accused were in CBI remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387088", "title": "Arrests unlikely to curb illegal mining", "text": "JAIPUR: Member secretary of the Rajasthan Pollution Control Board, DN Pandey, told TOI that it is evident in Bharatpur case that these crushers were being used in illegal mining, then the mining department obviously has the right to seize them,\" Pandey said.Besides, none of the 100 people arrested on Thursday included the actual owners of these unlawful gravel mines. Those arrested were labourers employed by the mining mafias. Sources also said that the arrests of labourers are unlikely to stop the illegal mining as the police, forest and mining departments will have to identify and nab those who had employed them to curb the practice.These 100 people were produced in a court in Kaman town and remanded in judicial custody. They were booked for illegally stealing mining products and transporting them. \"Most of the people arrested from Nagal in Pahari police station area are labourers from West Bengal , Punjab, Bihar , UP and Jharkhand. These labourers are hired by the contractors involved in illegal mining. The contractors are paid by mining mafias,\" said a police officer on condition of anonymity.He added that labourers have been arrested in small numbers in the past too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12386138", "title": "Rape victim sold off by husband?", "text": "HOWRAH: The 19-year-old woman who was raped at Rajchandrapur in Howrah sometime between Wednesday night and the wee hours of Thursday has told the police that she suspects her husband of having 'sold' her to the two rapists. The police have still not managed to track down her husband Bappa Ruidas who works in a factory near Dankuni. The two accused were produced before a court on Friday and remanded in five days' police custody.Early on Thursday, policemen at the Second Vivekananda Bridge toll plaza spotted the woman running towards them in a state of shock. Her clothes were in tatters and she claimed that she had been raped by two of her husband's friends. The policemen got her admitted to a hospital and registered a case of rape at the Bally police station. On Thursday, she was in a state of mental trauma and her statements were incoherent. The police only succeeded in getting the descriptions of the two rapists from her on the basis of which Raju Sarkar and Kartik Das were arrested from Rajchandrapur.\"On Friday, she told us that she suspects her husband of having 'sold' her to the two men who raped her. She said that she wants her husband to be punished for this. According to the woman, she was a resident of Jamalpur in Burdwan and met Ruidas some time ago. Ruidas apparently helped her in getting a job at a factory in Liluah and the two got married on March 15 at Tarakeswar. While she continued to stay at Tarakeswar, he moved for work to Rajchandrapur which is close to Dankuni,\" an officer said.On Wednesday morning, Ruidas allegedly called her up and asked her to reach the Rajchandrapur station where two of his friends would be waiting. They would take her to his house, Ruidas told her. The woman reached Rajchandrapur in the evening and the two miscreants met her. They took her to a house, offered her food and then raped her.\"The woman told us that she suspected something wrong when the two showed her some obscene photographs. The two allegedly forced themselves on her when she got up to leave. They overpowered her and the ordeal continued till Thursday morning when she got an opportunity to escape. There are still some loose ends that we need to wrap up before the real picture becomes clear. Once Ruidas is arrested, we shall make him sit with the two rapists to find out his involvement in the matter,\" the officer added.According to Payel Ghosh Banerjee, public prosecutor, CJM Court, Howrah, Sarkar and Das were charged with rape and produced before the magistrate who remanded them to police custody.\"We have got some vital clues. Once we nab Ruidas, it will become clear whether he was involved in a racket to lure unsuspecting women from the districts into marriage and then hand them over to others for money,\" said Sukesh Jain, DC(HQ), Howrah City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12386011", "title": "Leaders vie to become co-opted corporators", "text": "PUNE: Leaders of various political parties who failed to get elected in the civic elections, were denied tickets or themselves chose not to contest are now vying to gain entry into the Pune Municipal Corporation as co-opted corporators.Though co-opted members cannot vote on civic proposals, they can participate in discussions in the general body and enjoy all other benefits of being a corporator.The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) emerged the single largest party in the house with 51 seats and forged a post-poll alliance with the Congress, which won 28 seats. They together exceed the majority figure of 77 seats. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) won 26 seats, the Shiv Sena won 15, the Republican Party Of India (Athavale) won two seats and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) won 29 seats.Based on the seat tally, the NCP can get two people co-opted and the party has received many applications, including that of former mayor Mohansingh Rajpal and former standing committee chairman Nilesh Nikam - who were both defeated in the elections.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who was recently in Pune for a party function, said, \"Those who were defeated should not put pressure on the party to get them co-opted.\"NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade told TOI, \"The party has received many applications for the co-opted corporators' seat. We would like to have experienced people in the PMC, but would prefer those who did not contest themselves or were told not to contest to pave the way for others.\"Congress can co-opt only one corporator and senior leaders like Virendra Kirda and Arun Dhimdhime, who lost in the elections, are in the fray. Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed has said the party will decide as per the state leadership's directions.The BJP , which can co-opt one corporator, stands divided between the Gopinath Munde and Nitin Gadkari factions. The Gadkari faction wants city unit chief Vikas Mathkari to enter the house, since he had not contested the civic elections to shoulder the responsibility of the campaign. However, the Munde faction insists that senior corporator Anil Shirole be co-opted considering his experience. They also point out that Shirole's son was denied a party ticket.\"We have not taken a final decision and will discuss the matter with party leaders and newly elected corporators,\" said Mathkari. He refused to comment when asked whether he was interested in becoming a co-opted corporator.While Sena will not be able to co-opt any corporator considering its strength in the house, the MNS is likely to nominate Anil Shidore, who controls the party's backroom strategies in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390898", "title": "Kahani Chandrakanta Ki to bid adieu", "text": "Sahara One's Kahani Chandrakanta Ki, second season of Chandrakanta (Doordarshan's biggest grosser on 90s), has come to an end.The show, we hear, will warp up on March 27. The show which has actress Shikha Swaroop play the lead character again hit the tube on June 6 last year. Actor Santosh Shukla stepped into the shoes of Shahbaaz Khan to play Maharaj Virendra Singh. KCK also featured Rahul Mahajan's wife Dimpy as an Icchadhari naagin Jwala. During the course, the show has undergone a lot of changes with the lead actor of the show being shown the door and the characters of Maharaja Virendra Singh and Jeewan ending prematurely. The show was under scanner for the last four months and is finally going off air due to low ratings. Producer Sunil Agnihotri confirmed the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12388296", "title": "Big cat\u2019s rare rescue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The rescue of a leopard marooned for 11 days in a narrow cable-carrying pipe underneath the runway at the IAF base outside Chandigarh is among the most challenging accomplishments in the annals of wildlife management. While the leopard refused to succumb to the most tempting baits placed in traps, the security considerations tied down the hands of wildlife officials engaged in the operation that went on 24x7.The leopard was finally tranquilized on Thursday night after a two-day-long operation to manoeuvre it into a small patch of the 100-foot pipe, which had a diameter of just 3.5 feet. Cranes were used to lift the hatches opening into the pipe and iron grills placed to continuously \"squeeze in\" the leopard. With a blend of cajoling and threatening noises, the leopard's free run was progressively reduced by sandbagging and grilling the spaces in the pipe. Then a JCB machine broke down the lanter of the pipe, enabling two thin men to slip in. Finally, the leopard could be successfully tranquilized.A fine male of about six years age, the leopard put up tremendous resistance, as the operation to squeeze it into \"a spot\" was underway. It was sent to the Chhatbir zoo after the rescue, where it recovered and even had its first meal of chicken on Friday. It is one of the few leopards rescued alive in the region.A senior UT forests and wildlife official said, \"The hindrance was that the pipe carried a maze of the IAF communication and power cables. We couldn't fire when it was far away as the tranquilizing dart may have hit the wrong body part. The pipe was so narrow that it was difficult even for thin men to slide in deep.''The operation, conducted jointly by the UT, Chhatbir zoo and Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun , took off when the leopard was not lured by the live baits and meat placed at both ends of the pipe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387126", "title": "Gold jewellery stolen from woman in car", "text": "CHENNAI: Two men diverted the attention of a woman and escaped with 40 sovereigns of gold jewellery in Adyar.The 32-year-old sitting alone in a taxi with jewellery she had taken out from a nationalised bank in Triplicane. One of the men threw some 5 coins near the car and when the woman got out to collect the coins, the other took the bag of ornaments from the other side and they escaped on their bike.The victim Kumari and her husband Venkatesh, who runs a provision store in Chengalpet, stopped the taxi near Fortis Malar Hospital in Adyar. They were returning home to Thiruvanmiyur. The driver of the car and Kumari's husband had gone out to get tea, when the two men cheated the woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12394288", "title": "Manmohan Singh to Sri Lanka: India introduced a balanced resolution at UN", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking to mollify Sri Lanka after the vote against it in UNHCR, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today wrote to Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa , telling him that India made all efforts and succeeded in introducing an \"element of balance\" in the US-sponsored resolution.At the same time, Singh underlined the need for achieving a lasting political settlement that will address the grievances of minority Tamils.\"I had instructed our delegation to remain in close contact with its Sri Lanka counterparts in an attempt to find a positive way forward. Your Excellency would be aware that we spared no effort and were successful in introducing an element of balance in the language of the resolution,\" Singh said.He was referring to India voting against Sri Lanka at the UNHCR in Geneva when it supported the resolution against alleged human rights violations during the civil war. Though India voted in favour of the resolution, it worked behind the scenes to tweak the document to make it \"non-intrusive\".Singh's letter comes against the backdrop of Sri Lanka's displeasure over India voting against it at the UN and crticisim from various sections that \"domestic compulsions\" in had forced the country to vote against it.In the letter, which suggests that Rajapaksa had written to him three days before the vote, Singh noted that both countries had discussed the way ahead to a political solution that will address all outstanding issues, in particular the grievances of the Tamil community in Sri Lanka, in a spirit of understanding and mutual accommodation.\"It is our conviction that a meaningful devolution package, building upon the 13th Amendment, would lead towards a lasting political settlement on many of these issues and create conditions in which all citizens of Sri Lanka, irrespective of their ethnicity, can find justice, dignity, equality and self-respect,\" Singh said.Singh told Rajapaksa that he was happy to learn about his intention to continue the process of implementing the recommendations of the LLRC.He said the two governments have, over the last three years, engaged intensively in the immediate tasks of relief and rehabilitation for those displaced by the conflict, as well as the more long-term effort of reconstruction of national infrastructure.\"Much important progress has been registered on this front and I wish to record my appreciation of the assistance your government has provided to various Indian agencies implementing projects of national significance on the ground in Sri Lanka,\" he said.The Prime Minister also assured Rajapaksa that India will continue its engagement with the shared objective of building a stable, secure and prosperous environment in Sri Lanka in which all communities can flourish and in which India-Sri Lanka relations can continue to grow from strength to strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385785", "title": "Drivers man immigration counters", "text": "KOCHI: At a time when immigration counters at airports and seaports are being brought under the direct control of the Intelligence Bureau to ensure foolproof surveillance, the immigration counter at the Cochin Port is being manned by just two police drivers.While the Union home ministry has initiated steps to appoint trained staff at immigration counters across India, the functioning of two drivers at the port counter here has brought to light a major lapse. Around 15,000 foreigners arrive at the port each month, but it is these drivers who check the travel documents of those seeking immigration clearances.The counter office should be actually manned by officials in the rank of a sub-inspector or sergeant. The officials should be trained to check travel documents and identify discrepancies. \"These drivers are not trained. It is a major lapse on the part of the officials concerned,\" a police source said.The control of the immigration counter at Cochin Port was taken over by the IB (from the state police) in November 2011.\"The counter is being manned by trained staff and the drivers only help the officials whenever there is a long queue. The immigration officials from Cochin International Airport are brought to the port counter when there is large flow of tourists,\" an IB official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386946", "title": "Lack of separate council riles physiotherapists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Physiotherapists in India are up in arms against the Union health ministry for not creating a separate council to regulate the medical steam under the new National Commission on Human Resources in Health (NCHRH) Bill.The fight is led by celebrity physiotherapist Dr Ali Irani, a long-standing physio for the Indian cricket team and also boasts of a host of Bollywood stars like Salman Khan and Rani Mukherjee among his patients.The new Bill presented in Parliament recently aims to create an overarching body that will have the Medical Council of India (MCI), Pharmacy Council of India (PCI), Nursing Council of India (NCI), Dental Council of India (DCI) and the proposed Central Councils for Paramedical and Allied Medical Sciences Education under it.The Union health ministry says, \"The paramedics council will cover lab and imaging technicians and physiotherapists.\"This, however, has not gone down well with India's 30,000 physiotherapists. Dr Irani argued, \"How can physiotherapy which is a four and a half year degree course be put at par with a two year paramedical course meant for technicians?\"Dr Ali is seeking a separate physiotherapy council and has taken his fight to several MPs, including head of the parliamentary standing committee Mr Brajesh Pathak.Dr Ali said pointed out that 187 colleges offer a bachelor's degree in physiotherapy. Similarly, 82 colleges and 12 universities offer PG and Ph.D degrees, respectively, in the subject. Almost 80% of all physiotherapists are women.\"It's strange that the ministry is turning a deaf ear to our demands. We are asking them to regulate us, but they aren't interested. A Council will ensure a common standard of education, practice and pay. It will also put in place regulations that all physiotherapists will have to follow. Now, physiotherapists are functioning as per their whims and fancies that can be damaging for patients,\" Dr Ali explained.The issue was also taken up by Congress MP Priya Dutt with Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad. Azad assured Dutt that the NCHRH Bill would include a Council for physiotherapy as well.The overarching body would be headed by a secretary-general, who will hold office for a fixed term of three years. S/he will have five separate councils under it, each dedicated for categories like medicine, dentistry, nursing, pharmacy and paramedics.The PMO is now pushing for an early introduction and passage of the NCHRH Bill by Parliament. It has asked the Union health ministry to work towards \"strengthening of public health through creation of necessary human resources capacities at all levels.\"A ministry official said, \"The parliamentary standing committee for health is examining the Bill and are expected to submit their comments in three months. We hope to place it in the next Parliament session.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12386438", "title": "Victim was enticed with acting offers\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The case involving the rape of a 16-year-old girl at Kilimanoor seems to be going the Kiliroor way. Police say the victim was enticed with offers of a chance to act in television soaps, similar to what happened to 16-year-old Shari, in the controversial Kiliroor rape case.The police are on the lookout of a person, who is said to be working in the television industry, based on the girl's statement. However, they have not disclosed his identity as they fear it would alert the suspect, who is still at large.The police have arrested two persons, Robin Mathai of Kundara and Anish of Murukumpuzha who work at Technopark, in connection with the case.According to Kilimanoor circle inspector R Asok Kumar, the girl was raped first by the man who works in the television industry. He was the victim's neighbour at Kilimanoor for sometime before he shifted. But he stayed in touch with the girl over mobile phone. The accused took her into confidence by promising her roles in serials.The girl left home for the audition after a fight with her parents. But instead of taking her for the audition the accused took her to a remote place and abused her.Instead of going home, the victim called Anish and Robin whom she had befriended over phone and sought their help.They met at the Attingal KSRTC bus stand on March 13 and took the girl to their apartment in Kazhakoottam. They kept her inside the house for two days and abused her.Meanwhile, the police caught the two based on a complaint filed by the girl's parents.The circle inspector said that the residence of the third accused (the man who is said to have links with the television industry), is under police surveillance and he would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387451", "title": "To sneak in booze, bootleggers smuggle cars in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gone are the days when your neighbourhood bootlegger would go in the dark of the night outside the city, procure the necessary stock from the 'master stockist,' come back to the city and stealthily distribute the liquor. Nowadays, they is a changing hands of entire cars containing liquor in an organized manner. A find late on Thursday night by the satellite police highlighted the new modus operandi.According to satellite police officials, working on a tip-off, they kept watch near Shivanand Ashram on Thursday night when a Hyundai Santro car came from SG Highway and took the road towards Premchandnagar. A police team followed the car and after a brief chase, nabbed the driver. When the car was searched, police found 55 bottles of IMFL worth Rs 27,500. The driver was identified as Santosh Dubey, a resident of Chandlodia.\"Dubey has been caught earlier for bootlegging three times and has served sentence under PASA. In his statement, he told us that he was asked to hand over the car to a receiver on the road upon signal. When probed deeper he admitted to getting the car from a famous hotel on Himmatnagar road and driving it inside the city. He doesn't know where the car will go after the handover, which makes it safer for both the parties,\" said a satellite police official.Sources said that the hotel in question is frequently thronged by truck drivers coming from Rajasthan. \"One can see the handover at this spot where huge consignments of IMFL across the borders are downloaded and taken up by bootleggers from various regions. They now use good cars so as to reduce chances of police action and then abandon the car or hand it over to the receivers at a designated spot. As they cannot be associated with the car once the stock is delivered, it is difficult for investigators to probe the case,\" said the official.Police find liquor concealed in walls: Where would one conceal precious liquor? Behind the cupboard or below the bed? When police searched Santosh Dubey's house, they could not find any bottles. They then turned to the bootlegger who showed the locations that stumped the investigators. \"He had made an arrangement where the wall below a tap can be extracted and a crate can be concealed comfortably. In another case, he had a compartment in the cupboard looking like full of clothes but it was just a facade. He had such concealed compartments even in floor and walls. In total, we found 48 bottles hidden from various spots at his house,\" said a Sola police official, who conducted the search.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "draksharamam (east godavari)", "code": "12385902", "title": "Ninth century temple flag pole collapses", "text": "DRAKSHARAMAM (EAST GODAVARI): On a day when people celebrated Telugu New Year, the Dwajasthambham at the ancient Draksharamam temple collapsed on Friday. While devotees felt it could be a sign of ill omen, priests assured that it was not so as the Dwajasthambham of Kasi Vishwanath temple had crumbled and not that of the main Bhimeshwara Swamy temple inside the famed shrine.Sources said water had percolated into the foundation and wood of the structure, leading to its decay. \"Stagnant water on top of the Dwajasthambham and pests eating away the wood led to the accident,\" sources said. The wooden Dwajasthambham was erected on May 5, 1982.One of the main priests of the 9th century temple, Venkata Subba Rao Acharyulu, said they would perform special pujas and also 'samprokshana' (cleansing) to ward off any possible ill-effects. Another priest, not wanting to be named, said though the Dwajasthambham collapsed on three idols of gods and two Nandis, they did not suffer any damage. \"This indicates that people do not have to worry about any bad tidings,\" he observed.There was no loss of life or property even as hundreds of devotees queued up to offer prayers to Lord Visweswara Dakshinamurthy on the occasion of Ugadi. The temple, which is famously known as 'Dakshina Kasi,' was constructed by East Chalukya king during 881-922 AD. Thousands of devotees visit the temple every year from various parts of the state, Orissa and West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12380158", "title": "Shekhar Kapur's not happy with Delhi", "text": "Every time filmmaker Shekhar Kapur comes to Delhi, he tweets about his visit extensively, right from where he visited to what he ate and who he met.This time he went to see his sister Sohaila Kapur's play. He tweeted, \"Goin 2 c Strindberg's Miss Julie at Habitat Centre with Delhi's finest actors at 7.30pm (sic)\". Among other things, he didn't seem very happy about something in the city. He tweeted, \"Don't recognize Delhi anymore. Trees r losing d battle with concrete and glass(sic).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12385711", "title": "Road repairs might happen after monsoon", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has re-assigned the city's road repair work to Kerala State Construction Corporation (KSCC) after PWD quoted excess amount for the task. Though PWD had completed all tender process, the government chose another agency and now KSCC will have to redo the tender procedures to begin work. Hence, it is unlikely that any road work might start before the monsoon season is over.It was after the Kerala high court pulled up the state government and city corporation for the shoddy condition of roads in September 2011, PWD was given the resurfacing task. This decision took two more months and government gave it to PWD; KSCC was the other agency the state had considered for this task. \"PWD had completed the tender procedures for re-laying the 13 roads owned by Kochi Corporation. As the quoted amount was 34% above the schedule, PWD send it to the tender committee in Thiruvananthapuram for approval,\" said PWD sources.The tender committee, after a period of around two months, replied that only 15% cost escalation can be allowed. \"But the contractor who had been awarded the tender was not ready to do the job for the amount fixed by the tender committee. Now the government has entrusted the job with the KSCC,\" sources said. Now, KSCC will have to invite fresh tenders for the job and it would take at least two months to get tenders and approvals. This means the work won't begin before monsoon.Earlier, the court had set a November 30 deadline for PWD and December 15 for the corporation to finish road works. This was after both agencies failed to abide to complete the resurfacing work by September 30, 2011. After December 15, PWD sought more time, till December 30, to complete the repairs. By the end of December, the corporation submitted to the court that repair work would be completed only by March 31, 2012 as technicalities involved in allocating tender had to be sorted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390917", "title": "Angry Birds Space: Casual gaming at its best", "text": "After fighting in various parts of the planet and in all seasons, 'angry birds' and their green foes are now slugging it out in the space.Angry Birds is a game with simple story and basic control. Something that has made the app such a craze. But since it came out in 2009, the app hasn't changed much in terms of gameplay. There are angry birds.There are smug pigs. Pigs steal eggs. Birds launch themselves on pigs through a slingshot and kill them. While all the Angry Birds updates have been fun, of late they have also become little repetitive.Space is an attempt by Rovio, the developer behind the game, to shake things a bit. Read on to know if it succeeds or not.Graphics and environment The original Angry Birds game was quite basic in its settings. But after a while Rovio started to jazz it up. For example, Halloween levels, released as part of Angry Birds Seasons in 2011, had very good graphics and artwork. Same was true of Angry Birds Rio and Year Of The Dragon.In Angry Birds Space, there is not much scope for stellar graphics or artwork. The outer space is not exactly a place full of colours. Though the levels look good, they are dominated by light blue colour, ice and stones. That said, the physics effects are top notch. Most of the time, the birds and the pigs have their own separate planets or asteroids. These planets and asteroids have gravitational field but in the open space things tend to float. During gameplay, this leads to some fantastic physics effects.Gameplay As we said earlier, Space is an attempt to bring a fresh experience to Angry Birds series. An attempt that largely succeeds.So, how does Rovio manage it?By utilizing the gravity - or lack of it - to make the trajectory of the birds unique. This means that in the open space, the birds tend to gradually float upwards after being launched from slingshot. But if they enter the gravitational field around an object, they are drawn towards the surface of that object. This forces gamers to carefully plan the trajectory instead of just flinging the birds at pigs and their castles.Unlike other Angry Birds levels, Space has markers to tell gamers about the initial trajectory of the bird.Birds have also changed. The yellow bird - it sports a purple spacesuit - does more than merely speeding up. It has now got a special ability to change the direction in mid-flight and hone onto a target like a guided missile. The black bird - the one that explodes - wears a red and orange spacesuit. The large red bird is donning a green dress. And finally, there is a new bird that freezes objects after the contact so that the other birds can break through obstacles.Sum of it all Given the changes in gameplay, Space is more fun than some of the levels that Rovio had released in the last several months. Different level of gravity means that the trajectory of the birds can be planned in different ways. This gives gamers lot more freedom to experiment and try new things.After playing so many Angry Birds levels, it is difficult to excite about the game. But Space packs in enough in it in terms of new gameplay to make casual gamers fall in love with birds and pigs again. Whether you are an Angry Birds veteran or playing it for the first time, the new levels will surely keep you glued to your smartphone or tablet for a few days.Availability Angry Birds Space is available on iOS ( iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch ), Android phones, Windows computers and Mac computers. It has a total of 60 levels*.On Android: Free (supported by ads), Rs 50 (regular version), Rs 151 (HD version)On iOS: $0.99 (regular version), $2.99 (HD version)On Mac: $4.99On Windows PC: $5.95* If you have a Samsung Galaxy phone, 30 additional levels are available for free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12385758", "title": "MIM, the game changer in 2014 elections?", "text": "The Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) has been an ally of the Congress party from 2004 general elections. But with the dipping popularity of the Congress, consolidation of the TRS, rise of the YSR Congress and indications that the TDP has a strong chance of returning to power, the MIM may have to make some difficult choices as the country moves towards 2014 elections.The MIM leadership, however, is keeping all cards close to its chest. It doesn't want to give any hint now whether the party would continue its association with the Congress, opt for the YSR Congress or plump for the TDP. The party leadership believes that it has the requisite bargaining skills to negotiate for the best possible deal when required. \"Why give away our plans now. We will cross the bridge when we come to it,\" appears to be the MIM leadership's dictum.The history of MIM demonstrates that it has been unusually bold in taking decisions and does not lose any opportunity that knocks on its door. Revival of the party with the same name that it had before the state of Hyderabad was merged into Indian Union in 1948 required courage. Some old-timers who did not agree with the political philosophy of the party before or after 1948 say that it was crazy on the part of Qasim Razvi to come out of prison after serving for 9 years and think of reviving the party which carried the baggage of being militant and virulently communal. He was jeopardizing the lives of the Muslims once again, they believed.But Razvi or his band of staunch followers would have nothing of it. In a meeting of the consultative council of the MIM which he called a week before leaving for Pakistan in 1958, Razvi nominated Abdul Wahid Owaisi, a lawyer and grandfather of Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi, as his successor. The reaction of the Hindus as well as a large section of the Muslims, many of whom belonged to either Congress or the communist party , was strong. Undeterred, Abdul Wahid Owaisi went about reviving the party which he said would abide by the Indian Constitution. But the ruling Congress said that the new party would try to fan communal passions again and arrested him and three of his colleagues under the Preventive Detention Act on March 14, 1958. He was released on January 26, 1959. The same year the MIM tested its strength in the byelections to the then Municipal Corporation of Hyderabad (MCH).In the following years when elections were held for the MCH it fought 30 of the total 64 seats and won 19. One of its candidates was a dalit who too romped home. Abdul Wahid Owaisi's son Sultan Salahuddin won the election from Mallepally division. In 1962 elections to the Assembly, eight candidates, including Sultan Salahuddin Owaisi, were fielded while Abdul Wahid Owaisi contested the Hyderabad Parliamentary seat. While the father lost the election, the son won from Pathargatti segment. In 1967 the MIM tally in the House went up to three.When Asaduddin Owaisi was asked after he took over as the party president following the death of his father in 2008, about future plans, he said, \"The time is to consolidate what the party has inherited owing to the hard work of the predecessors. There cannot be any unconsidered experiments.\" The following year when the elections were held, the party improved its presence in the Assembly to seven from five in 2004.Now he plans to broaden the party base by seeking support of the dalits and the backward classes. But the problem is that the dalits and BCs have numbers but no strong leadership. So what kind of relationship could there be between the MIM and the SCs and BCs? Could there be a platform where all the dalits and BCs sit together with the MIM? Or the MIM would try to field more SC and BC candidates? The picture is not clear as yet.But there are reports that the party would be contesting the Jubilee Hills Assembly seat and go with full force for the Rajindranagar constituency which it lost in 2009. It is also planning to field candidates in other parts of Telangana as well as Rayalaseema.All eyes would be on the MIM. Whatever moves it makes would have significant impact on the local politics. Who knows the MIM could emerge in 2014 as a more powerful king-maker than it is today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387442", "title": "Two youths nabbed with brown sugar in Vastral", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two youths carrying 485 grams of heroin were arrested from Vastral on Thursday night. Police also found a white substance, suspected to be drug, in their possession.The cops nabbed Rampal Sahu, 51, and Rakesh Yadav, 28, on the basis of a tip-off. Parikshita Rathod, DCP, Zone V, told media on Friday that the domestic price of the seized heroin can be around Rs 24 lakh. \"Both the accused are natives of Uttar Pradesh and had procured the stock from one of their contacts in the state. They are not street vendors as they have huge stock of the drugs and thus we believe that they might be working as carriers,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387663", "title": "Govt to set up Gujarat golf promotion council", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has decided to form a Gujarat Golf Promotion Council to promote the state as global golf tourism destination.The state level council will be set up with active participation from golfers' clubs, industry and Gujarat Tourism. This council will encourage organizing and supporting major golfing events, developing golf tourism circuit and advocating for sustainable golf sector in the state. Vipul Mitra, principal secretry, Gujarat Tourism, said that the decision to form the council was taken at a meeting held here on Thursday. The meeting was attended by several representatives of the golf clubs in the state. \"The current golfing trend suggests that 52% of travelling golfers take two or more golfing holidays in a year and spend on an average, 33% more on their holidays as compared to regular tourists,\" he said.The representatives of the various golf clubs stated that golf tourism in Gujarat is gaining popularity in the state. Mitra said the recent Gujarat Kensville Golf Challenge, the first ever European Challenge Tournament, has put the state in the global golfing map. \"Golf Promotion Council, with the better infrastructure facilities and air connectivity, will target groups for golf tourism in the state,\" he said adding the state government will pour Rs 1,500 crore into the tourism sector in the 12th five year plan, of which, Rs 635 crore will be set aside for tourism infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12387461", "title": "Processing hub, factory on the anvil", "text": "RANCHI: The state will soon have a hi-tech meat processing hub and a bacon factory equipped with modern equipment that will process meat of international standard. The hub and the factory will be developed on the outskirts of the city.Sources in the state animal husbandry department said the two projects would come up on the land of the closed bacon factory and the vacant plot adjacent to it. The total area of the two projects that will be developed is around 10 acres. The bacon factory was closed in mid-1990s after the multi-crore fodder scam surfaced and two former chief ministers - Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra - were made the main accused. The factory premises were also used as camp jail when Lalu was arrested and brought to Ranchi by the Central Bureau of Investigation during investigation of the Rs 900 crore scam.\"We have planned to develop, operate and maintain the existing bacon factory, and also develop a meat processing hub on the adjoining land to slaughter pigs, goats, lambs, turkey and chicken. The processed meat will match international standards for human consumption in the country or abroad,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387658", "title": "Board to crack whip on private schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board has finally cracked the whip on non-grant-in-aid schools. The board has asked district education officers in the state to collect complete details of all private schools in Gujarat - including the number of teachers and their qualifications - and to submit a report within 10 days.The move comes in the wake of the majority of private schoolteachers dodging the assessment duty of board exam papers. The teachers of self-financed schools have been conspicuous by their absence in the correction work of HSC (science) papers. Nearly 50% of teachers assigned to assessment duty have not reported for their assignments; the majority of these teachers belong to private schools.While this problem dates back to a couple of years, the board has decided not to allow such insubordination from private schools and plans to take action to set an example this year. Since most of the private schools have justified not sending teachers for assessment work saying that the teachers have resigned, the education inspectors have been asked to get details of the date on which the teachers resigned and to trace three years' attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "12387462", "title": "Villagers block national highway", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Road communication between Muzaffarpur and Darbhanga remained completely paralyzed for more than six hours on Friday as angry villagers, mostly women, put up a road blockade on NH 57 near Kanhara village in Muzaffarpur district to demand the recovery of Neeraj (9) who was kidnapped three days back.The police said that the women protesters, allegedly belonging to the CPI(ML), were adamant not to lift the blockade till the boy is rescued. However, the DSP (hqs) and the DSP (west) succeeded in pacifying the mob after negotiations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12387939", "title": "We want those responsible to be arrested: Victim's family", "text": "Around 10am on Wednesday, 27-year-old electrician Israr Ahmed Khan left his New Patel Co-operative Housing society residence at Radha Nagar in Nalasopara (East). He had to complete an electrical contract work at Marol in Andheri (east). He decided to take his two-wheeler instead of travelling by train-a mode of transport he usually preferred when his work took him to Mumbai. Khan never returned home. That evening, the family got a call from Khan's panic stricken employee, 20-year-old Ram Pal, informing them of the accident.Khan is survived by his wife, three-year-old daughter and a one-year-old son. His elder brother Abdul who spoke to TOI said that when they got the news they initially thought Khan had met with an accident with another vehicle. But when they were told that he had been killed by a wire, the family's emotions ranged from shock to confusion and finally anger.\"Israr has been riding a two-wheeler for more than 10 years and has never met with an accident. A cable falling from nowhere is shocking,\" said Abdul. \"He is the safest two-wheeler rider and was even wearing his helmet.\" The family is in the business of electrical contracts and operates from a shop in Nalasopara. They have around eight to ten electricians working under them. \"It is only when the electricians are busy with other contracts that Israr goes out personally to work,\" said Abdul. Normally, Israr used his bike only when he had work in and around Nalasopara and Virar. \"He mostly travels to Mumbai by train. But as he is a safe rider, wears his helmet, never speeds or overtakes other vehicles, we were not alarmed when he took his motorbike on Wednesday,\" Abdul added.It was Ram Pal who was riding pillion along with Israr when the accident took place, who called the family at Nalasopara.While the police have registered a case of negligence , Israr's family is not claiming any compensation. They want those responsible to be booked so that such an incident is not repeated. The last rites were performed on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387028", "title": "New scanner to curb smuggling at port soon", "text": "CHENNAI: The directorate of customs is making final preparations to install a fixed container scanner inside the Chennai port. The decision to equip major ports in the country with state-of-the-art scanners is to tighten the gateways where intelligence agencies report large-scale smuggling.The Chennai port has identified the location for the fixed scanner, through which trucks will pass clearance, which will be in place before July, said port officials.At present, physical scanning of thousands of containers is practically impossible due to the technical difficulties and shortage of manpower in customs and central excise. The move to have fixed container scanners at ports was speeded up after the 26/11 attacks on Mumbai.A location near the 'zero gate' inside the Chennai port has been made ready for installing the system. \"We expect the scanner to be installed in three months,\" said a senior customs official. He said a large number of containers escape monitoring at the various ports in the country.\"A fixed container system will be able to scan containers along with the trucks. We are waiting for the final clearance from the home ministry for the imported systems to be installed,\" said the official. He added that the scanner would be a gateway system where not even a single container will escape scrutiny. \"It will also speed up clearance and avoid delays,\" he said.Fixed container will facilitate the passage of a container truck through its platform, while the system will scan the container with its specifications, quantity and the tags that declare the nature of the consignment.\"Any malpractice would be identified by the machine and mismatches in documents and cargo can be detected easily,\" said the official. The Chennai port handles a minimum of 7,000 containers every day.Inadequate infrastructure, delay in clearances and poor connectivity has been troubling the port for long. Several hours' delay in container movement and clearances had been hampering ship movements here.The directorate of revenue intelligence had earlier submitted a report about smuggling of arms, ammunition, drugs and scrap items from the Middle East . Some of these containers carried scrap items found with unexploded bombs and rocket shells, meant for recycling industries in different parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12386282", "title": "\u2018Politicians &amp; lawyers keeping Paresh\u2019s Assam network alive\u2019", "text": "GUWAHATI: A select group of advocates, journalists, businessmen, politicians and college lecturers are now on Assam Police's radar while three others, including a student leader, have been sent to jail for their alleged involvement in keeping Ulfa commander-in-chief Paresh Baruah's clandestine communication network, which he operates from his Myanmar hideout.A source said police have been tracking calls made by Paresh and his finance secretary Jibon Moran from Myanmar to different locations in the state since July last year.\"Just before Independence Day, we had inputs that Paresh, with the help of Maoists, would try to create trouble. So, we decided to put under surveillance the eight telephone numbers that Paresh and Jibon use,\" the source added. Of these eight numbers, three are satellite phones and rest mobiles.The police gave the five mobile numbers to the service providers and asked for call records details. \"Till the first week of March, the two militant leaders had made more than 300 calls to different persons in the state,\" the source said.After receiving the call details, police separated those numbers to which the calls were made for once or twice and the call duration was not very long.\"After scrutiny, the list of numbers to which these two leaders make frequent calls and for a longer duration came down to 48,\" the source added. From February, police started zeroing in on the holders of these 48 numbers and investigated their background. \"The list had advocates, journalists, businessmen, politicians and even college lecturers. We believe these people are keeping Baruah connected to the state. Eight persons were found to be more frequently in touch and we interrogated them. One of them is a student leader and all of them have been arrested and sent to jail,\" the source said.He added that those who have been arrested were not criminals but they were involved in providing logistic support to Paresh. One of the persons, who was picked by Tinsukia Police and released later, is Paresh's cousin brother Amarjyoti Baruah, who is a school teacher in Chabua. Soon after the arrest of the eight people, Paresh, on March 17, issued a statement threatening to blow up mobile towers in the state if the police do not stop harassing people whom the rebels call up quite often from Myanmar.In the statement, member of Baruah's central publicity wing Joy 'Asom' said, \"Whenever any of our members calls up somebody, the latter is immediately taken into custody by security forces and tortured. Ulfa members are not cut off from society and we cannot let security forces prevent us from making courtesy calls to people known to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12393184", "title": "Rana can't get over his new look", "text": "Talk about vanity fair and think Rana Daggubati!The actor just can't seem to get over his new look . The \"Naa Ishtam\" star put up a side-profile picture of his chiseled body on a micro blogging site and said, \"Another mid-shot image of vascular pumps post training :-)) Thank you Jatin for the shots.\" (sic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12387415", "title": "CRPF sets solar lamps in Lohardaga Red zone", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The 133 battalion of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) is using solar power to light up Maoist zones in western hilly parts of Lohardaga district where electrification remains a distant dream.The Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification Scheme found 55 hilly villages unfit under the normal course of electrification. Executive engineer Samir Mundu said electrification of rural areas failed to achieve 100% target in the 55 villages mostly in Kisko, Peshrar and Senha blocks because of the challenging terrain. \"Electrification has been done in 296 villages while for the rest 55 difficult villages a special project has been chalked out and sent for the central government's approval.\" The scheme included provisions of tubular electric poles in place of cemented ones which would cost five to eight times greater than the normal cost, said Mundu.Of the 55 difficult areas, some Maoist-affected infested zones like Peshrar still have to wait long for electrification. However the civic action programme of the CRPF has brought some relief to villagers waiting for electrification for decades. The CRPF has started setting up solar lamps to light up the Red zones like Peshrar, Ara, Chandwa, Chatakpur, Ganeshpur, Jhakhra and Badla villages. Except for a few villages like Badla and Jhakhra, the rest are located in tough areas of Peshrar and Senha blocks.At least five solar lamps have been set up.Inspector Bann Ram, the company commandant, said the solar lamp posts were being set up under the CRPF's civic action programme following directions from the headquarters in Ranchi. The programmes aim to assist villagers in tough areas by providing things of daily need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12387807", "title": "Training workshops can improve firm\u2019s productivity, says expert", "text": "COIMBATORE: Buck P Tang, director of Service Quality Centre, a Singapore-based consulting firm, who was a consultant of the Singapore Police and the Hyderabad Airport, says that training programmes if well implemented can improve a company's productivity. He was conducting a four-day training programme for employees of various companies conducted at the Aegis Global Academy in the city.\"Training programmes and sessions can help organisations do wonders. But this requires the support of the senior management as well as of the staff,\" he said. Tang says that accountability of the senior management can lead to tremendous changes. \"People appreciate me for the changes which happened in the Singapore Police. However, this would not have happened without the support of top officials who attended the training and religiously followed our suggestions,\" he said.Tang says that Indian firms have started to realise the need to improve processes. \"People want the best value for their money. We also want to be treated well. So a business which provides better service will definitely win customers. As competition has increased even in a traditional business environment like Coimbatore people are adapting to change,\" he said.He said that employee unions in many of the countries are also coming forward demanding training programmes. \"Unions understand that for workers to retain their jobs, they have to update their skills,\" he points out.Nagendra V Cowdary, the Central Director of Aegis says that firms who followed the suggestions got rich dividends. \"But this comes with consistent effort. One firm came up with a situation where the senior managers including the CEO would have to interact with customers periodically. This helped all sections understand customers and their expectations,\" he said.Tang says that when businesses understand that the changed approach provides dividends, they are willing to embrace the programme. \"When it is clear that businesses will benefit from this move, they are willing participants. But for that each firm must be studied closely and prescribed a programme based on research done,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12385771", "title": "Fake cops dupe man of 30L in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Three men, posing as policemen, robbed a scrap dealer's employee of 30 lakh on the pretext of frisking him. The employee had arrived in Goa to hand over the money to a scrap dealer.Panaji police have launched a search for the culprits who, posing as police officers, approached Ravikumar Prajapati from Belgaum and then robbed him of the money. Prajapati in his complaint to the police said that he worked for a scrap dealer in Belgaum and had arrived on Thursday morning at Panaji to deliver the cash to a local scrap dealer.Prajapati said that they were to meet at the KTC bus stand in Panaji at 10am. \"He arrived by bus from Belgaum and walked to the KTC bus stand. While he was waiting for the dealer, three men approached him and told him that they were from the Goa police and told him that they would like to check his bag,\" police said.The complainant said that though they were in plain clothes, their talk and behavior led him to believe they were really police officers and so informed them that he was carrying cash.The trio checked the bag and told him that he would have to visit the police station for verification. Prajapati said that he was ready to go to the police station for verification and got into their car. Prajapati thought it was a routine check and he would be allowed to go once the police were convinced about the source of the money.He was shocked, when almost a km away from the KTC bus stand, the 'policemen' asked him to get down, telling him that the police inspector was not at the station but nearby and they could go and meet him.\"They asked the victim to alight from the car and wait while they parked it. The bag was in the car. As soon an Prajapati left the car, they took off,\" the police said.Prajapati immediately informed his employer and later went to the Panaji police station to file a complaint. \"The men were young. While two of them spoke Konkani, one spoke in Hindi,\" Prajapati told police.Police have registered a complaint of impersonation and theft and are investigating the matter.\"We have alerted police patrols about suspicious elements and are trying to intercept the vehicle,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390334", "title": "Bittoo Boss's producer is happy with censor board", "text": "Producer Kumar Mangat has won a long-running battle with the censor board with his film Bittoo Boss managing to garner a Parental Guidance (PG) rating, albeit with cuts.This is a first in the history of censorship in Indian cinema and a welcome change at that.\"We are very happy with the new profile of the censor board and the new members who have come in. It is very essential to bring in changes in the censor panel. And including a cinema person such as film critic Rajeev Masand in the advisory committee is a very wise decision,\" said Kumar Mangat.According to a source, \"Parental Guidance can only be recommended in India since we don't have it here. For the first time, an announcement on behalf of the censor board will be carried on hoardings saying for Bittoo Boss, it is recommended that children under 15 be accompanied by a parent.\" The censor board has even instructed the filmmakers about the size of the letters to be used for the announcement.Although, the censor board has requested that some objectionable dialogues be deleted before granting the rating, Mangat is happy to oblige. \"I was pleased to make the changes that the censor board recommended and accept the PG certification instead of the Adults Only certification. The film has an important message for youth,\" the producer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12387184", "title": "Airport extension plan to hit flight", "text": "JAIPUR: Flyers hoping to board a direct flight from Jaipur airport to premier international destinations will have to wait for two more years. The much-awaited extension of the runway project will begin from August 2012, and is likely to be completed by August 2014.After the extension, the runway will be suitable for landing of international aircrafts such as Boeing 747 and Airbus 320. The estimated cost of the project is Rs 100 crore. Several international airlines-Singapore Airlines, Biman Airlines, Etihad and Gulf had conducted feasibility survey, but later refused to operate from the airport as the runway did not meet the international standards. The authorities said they are now extending the length of runway from the current 2,797 meters to 3,507 meters.The extension, however, may hamper the travel plans of frequent flyers as the airport will be partially closed during the day over these two years.Paul Manickam, director of Jaipur Airport said, \"It is bound to affect the movement of 3-4 regular flights including an international one.\" The airport handles 28 daily flights, including four international flights.Manickam has issued letters to concerned airlines to deal with the situation. \"I'll make sure that none of these flights get cancelled from Jaipur. The authorities will be flexible in allotting these day flights an ideal time either in the morning or evening hours,\" he said.The timing of flights that may be rescheduled are-- Go Air: Jaipur to Mumbai at 5pm, SpiceJet: Jaipur to Kolkata at 11.20am, Jaipur to Hyderabad 2.50pm, Jaipur-Delhi at 12.10pm, Jaipur to Mumbai at 03.00pm, Air India: Jaipur to Mumbai at 1pm and Jaipur to Dubai at 3.05pm.For a change in flight schedules, the authorities will ask the airlines to submit new timings after which fresh time table will be allotted. However, it will be an uphill task for the airlines and authorities to re-schedule the timings as for most of the flights; Jaipur is neither the origin point nor the final destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12386311", "title": "Power shock: Cash-strapped PCL may raise tariff by 10-35%", "text": "LUCKNOW: A possible revision of existing power tariff is on the cards in the next financial year. And if officials of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited are to be believed, the hike in the power tariff would range from 10% to 35% across all consumer categories.The development comes in the wake of UPPCL projecting a further rise in revenue deficit to the tune of Rs 2,000 crore. According to reports filed by various distribution companies before the UPERC, the total revenue deficit has now crossed Rs 13,000 crore. This also includes Rs 4,500 crore subsidy provided by the state government.The Paschimanchal Distribution Company in its report submitted to the UPERC on March 6 (TOI has a copy of it), shows that the revenue gap to be met through additional subsidy/loans from bank/financial institutions stands at Rs 8,502 crore. This was Rs 6,648 crore until previous financial year, when UPPCL did not revise the tariff as an appeasement measure in the wake of ensuing assembly elections. Post elections, the department is likely to face an additional burden of over Rs 1,000 crore, if Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav keeps up to his poll promise of providing free electricity to farmers and weavers in the state.Not surprisingly, the report suggested \"Minor changes in general terms in some categories\". The report also creates a new category of consumers - HV-5, which include arc/induction furnace, rolling/re-rolling mills and mini steel plants.The commercial wing of UPPCL in its report showed how the gap between energy sale and the actual energy required has been rising consistently. In 2010, when the power tariff was revised, the corporation sold 42,063 million units (MU), while the actual energy required was 61,040 MU. The difference was around 19,000 MU. By the end of financial year 2011-2012, the energy sales is projected to touch 52,477 MU while the actual power required will go up to 74,277 MU. This will take the difference to around 22,000 MU.For the financial year 2012-13, the UPPCL has projected the gap to yawn even further. While the selling capacity may be 60,619 MU, actual energy required is estimated to be 83,788 MU, taking the gap to more than 23,000 MU.Moreover, the procurement cost in 2012-13 too is projected to go up from 25,970 crore to Rs 29,982 crore.The only thing that raises some hope is the decline in the system losses (read transmission and distribution losses including power theft). While the losses, ate into over 31% of the total power transmitted/distributed in 2010, the figure came down to 27.65 percent in 2012.But with its own power production not picking up, even though it remains stable, the corporation will have no option, but to resort to an expensive practice of energy trading in case of a crisis, which threatens to loom large in the approaching summers.However, UPERC would have the final say on any tariff revision, which has summoned the distribution companies on March 27 to come up with an audited revenue records. \"For the past three years, the commission has been demanding audited records from UPPCL. But they are yet to turn up,\" said AK Verma, member of the state advisory committee, UPERC.This has not gone down well with the UPERC, which dispatched a terse letter to various MDs of distribution companies on March 16, asking them as to why the commission should not proceed suo motu in determining tariffs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12394748", "title": "Denying sex to spouse on first night ground for marriage annulment: Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wilful denial of sex, including that on the first night after wedding, by either of the spouse amounts to cruelty and can be a ground for dissolution of the marriage, the Delhi high court has ruled.Justice Kailash Gambhir gave the verdict, upholding the lower court's decree of divorce to a man having a \"sex-starved marriage\" as his wife refused to have sexual intercourse with him on the wedding night and making him long for it for the subsequent five months, left her matrimonial home.\"In the present case, the testimony of the husband that the wife was never responsive and was like a dead wood when he had sexual intercourse with her remained unrebutted.\"It is not that the husband had sex with his wife only about 10-15 times from the date of his marriage within a period of five months, but the wife's cruel act of denying sex to the husband especially on the very first night and then not to actively participate in it even for the said limited period for which no contrary suggestion was given by the wife,\" the court said.It cited various Supreme Court judgements on the issue and said \"it is evident that wilful denial of sexual intercourse without reasonable cause would amount to cruelty.\"Referring to the apex court's observation that \"sex is the foundation of marriage and marriage without sex is an anathema,\" Justice Gambhir said, \"Marriage without sex will be an insipid relation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392872", "title": "German import Evelyn Sharma enters Bollywood!", "text": "She's studied business and dabbled in real estate in far-end Germany! She knows eight languages including English, Hindi, French, Dutch, Spanish, Thai, Russian and Tagalog of Philippines. With an Indian father, a German mother, and a name resembling one of Hollywood's biggest superstars Marilyn, Evelyn Sharma is the hottest Bollywood import since Katrina Kaif!Making a mark on the Indian firmament after modelling all over the world, Evelyn has already completed over a hundred assignments in India in the last few months, since migrating here! Inspite of her half-foreign origins, she dubs in Hindi for herself!This month, she was the showstopper face of ace designer Rocky S, setting the ramp on fire before the grand finale of India's most prestigious fashion and trade event, the Lakme Fashion Week! Next, Evelyn stars opposite India's original rock star Palash Sen in the forthcoming video of his rock band Euphoria !The girl has been actively involved with charities for children around Europe and now supports the SOS Children's Villages of India! She's into yoga, gymming, dance, kick-boxing and loves action!What's more! The newbie in Bollywood has just signed not one, not two, but three movies in a row! Starting with Manish Tiwary's ' Issaq' opposite Prateik Babbar; then with veteran filmmaker Pramod Chakravorty's grandson Prateek Chakravorty in his debut film ' From Sydney With Love '; followed by a pivotal role in Ayan Mukerji's ' Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani ', the Ranbir Kapoor-Deepika Padukone starrer under Karan Johar's banner Dharma Productions.So let's get ready for this fresh, dainty, humble, breathtakingly beautiful perfect new package the entertainment industry is swooning over! Make way for Evelyn Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388448", "title": "Parties start lobbying for NMC panels", "text": "NASHIK: The elections for the members of the standing committee, education committee and women and child welfare committee are in the offing and the mayor will conduct a meeting with the group leaders in a couple of days. Topping the list is the election of the standing committee and its chairman.Political parties have not shortlisted names of the candidates but the hunt is on. Senior leaders of all parties have said that dedication for their work and seniority would be important for selection of the likely candidates.The standing committee has always been crucial for political parties to establish their supremacy as the panel controls crucial financial decisions of the civic body. Of the 122 elected representatives, 16 would be elected to the standing committee. The MNS will be able to nominate five of its corporators, the SS-RPI alliance three, the NCP three and two each from the Congress and the BJP, plus one independent.Senior leaders say that from the BJP, Sambhaji Moruskar and Balasaheb Sanap have better chances to be nominated. \"Devyani Pharande and Seema Hiray have been standing committee members and have a chance this time as well, but they are also likely contenders to head the women and child welfare committee. All this would be finalized in a day or two,\" said the leader.Congress leaders feel that they have more eligible candidates than the number of members that they can nominate for the standing committee. \"We will conduct meetings and work this issue out. Dinkar Patil, Uttam Kamble, Shahu Kahire, Laxman Jaybhave, all are strong candidates,\" he said.MNS leaders say that they would be sending the names to party chief Raj Thackeray, who would take a call. Candidates would be chosen from Ashok Murtadak, Surekha Bhosale, Gulzar Kokni, Hemant Godse and Ramesh Dhongade. \"If group leader Sujata Dere is given additional charge of leader of the house, Shashikant Jadhav may be elected as the chairperson of the standing committee,\" said a senior MNS leader.The NCP, which can elect three members, said it will have to shortlist candidates from among many eligible persons. The Shiv Sena is also undecided about its candidates, though Ajay Boraste, Vinayak Pande and Naina Gholap are being discussed by the party's leaders as the likely candidates. A source in the party revealed that in the absence of an official body of the Shiv Sena, candidates could have their way and get permission directly from the top level like one of their top leaders recently did.The nominations were to be made during the mayoral elections but were postponed then. The mayor informed that the meeting with group leaders would be held soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12390864", "title": "Aman Verma to create magic again", "text": "Remember Aman Verma in Khul Ja Sim Sim? The television show that rewarded participants with lucrative prizes was hosted by the handsome actor who won millions of hearts through his intelligent anchoring.It seems he is back at recreating the magic of the show. However, not on national television this time! Aman is all set to do a Khul Ja Sim Sim on stage at a special mega event planned for Vikrant Colleges - one of the major educational institutions in Rajasthan. Interestingly, there is more in store for the fans of Aman. He will also be performing on stage with model turned actress Swetlana. He will be dancing to the tunes of Soni teri chaal (Baghbaan), Main hoon Don (Don) and Laung da lashkara (Patiala House). Aman verma confirms, \"\"I am sure I will be reminded of Khul Ja Sim Sim. It's interesting to connect with youth and Rajasthan people are really a good audience too\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12387440", "title": "Gudi Padva brings dance, music and merriment to city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Desi New Years are celebrated differently state-wise. However, in recent times, owing to the co-existence of many cultures in Gujarat, the state celebrates Bestu Varsh not only on the day that falls after Diwali, but also has started celebrating Punjabi's Lohri, Sindhis's Cheti Chand and Maharashtrian's Gudi Padva - in a big way.This time, Gudi Padva, the New Year of the Maharashtrian people was celebrated with a series of music and dance programs organized by Gujarat State Sangeet Natak Academy.Dr Pradip Azad, secretary of Gujarat State Sangeet Natak Academy says, \"Gudi Padvo is considered an occasion to mark new beginnings in Gujarat as it is the first day of Chaitri Navratri. And to celebrate World Dance Day and Gudi Padvo, we have invited a troop of 25 artists from Mumbai to perform in the city on March 23.\"Dr Sanddhya V Pureccha, noted Bharat Natyam dancer from Mumbai performed at Jay Shankar Sundari Hall with a group of 25 artists. The dancers performed Om Sarvam Shivamayam ballet, Mahalaxmiastakam and Durga Stuti.\"As part of the celebrations, on March 24, folk dance forms including Tipni, Garba, Ras, Hudo would be presented to mark completion of Annual Folk Dance Shibir. On March 25, Neeraj Parikh would perform at a classical music concert. And to commemorate contribution of Avinash Vyas, late Gujarati literary stalwart, Dr Shyamal, Saumil and Arti Munshi would perform at Sugam Sangeet concert on March 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12386694", "title": "Performance guarantee of 2 firms seized", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan State Road Development and Construction Corporation (RSRDCC) Ltd seized performance bank guarantee of Jain Infraprojects Limited and ARSS Infraprojects Limited after the firms failed to complete their projects on time.While Jain Infraprojects Limited was to construct a stretch of 15 km from Banswara towards Ratlam by March 23, ARSS was to construct 46 km long stretch of the Merta-Lambia-Ras Road by July 27, 2011.According to the details, the contract was handed over to Jain Infraprojects Limited on May 19, 2011 at Rs 23.30 crore while the other firm was given the contract on October 28, 2010.Despite repeated warnings, the firms failed to complete the projects on time. RSRDCC officials said Jain Infraprojects had further handed over the work to another firm on sub-contract, at an amount lesser than what it had attained on from the state government. During a meeting of the RSRDCC, which was presided over by PWD minister Bharat Singh, the corporation decided to seize the Rs 8.66 crore provided by Jain Infraprojects and Rs 18.60 crore by ARSS as performance guarantee and also hand over the contracts all over again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388442", "title": "Jadhav may be leader of House", "text": "NASHIK: MNS corporator Shashikant Jadhav is the frontrunner for the post of the leader of the House in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). With the mayoral elections over and the names of group leaders of all the parties declared, it is now the time for the leader of the house's name to be announced, and the elections for the standing committee and its chairman to be conducted.The MNS, which has emerged as the single-largest party in the recent municipal polls, is the claimant for the post of the leader of the House. A senior leader from the party said, \"During the mayoral elections, two strong MNS candidates were in the fray (Yatin Wagh and Shashikant Jadhav) and one of them (Shashikant Jadhav) was asked to withdraw his nomination with the assurance that he would be made the leader of the house.\"As per the current situation, with Yatin Wagh being elected as the mayor, Shashikant Jadhav is the strongest contender for the post. Another senior leader of the MNS, while confirming that Jadhav would be declared as the leader of the House, said that if the group leader is asked to take additional charge as the leader of the House, Jadhav could also stand a chance to be fielded as the chairman of the standing committee.\"Also, if Jadhav demands the post of the standing committee chairman, group leader Sujata Dere could be given additional charge of the leader of the House. But all these decisions will be taken by the party chief in a few days,\" said the leader.In case of the group leader being fielded as the leader of the house, the mayor has to be informed through a letter by the party headquarters. A leader of the party, however, said that Jadhav has been chosen as the leader of the House and it was only a matter of formality as to when his name would be declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12393210", "title": "Jose Prakash passes away", "text": "Veteran actor Jose Prakash passed away today in Kochi. The 87-year-old actor was admitted to a private hospital in the city due to his heart and kidney ailments.Ironically, it was just yesterday that the Kerala Government announced Jose Prakash as the winner of the prestigious J C Daniel Award. Jose began his innings in the world of cinema as a singer after he was through with his career in the army. He was soon on screen, he made his acting debut with Sheriyum Thettum. He was a popular on screen villain - someone who Keralites loved to hate. He was last seen in director Rajesh Pillai's critically acclaimed film - Traffic. He received rave reviews for his role here. The actor has over 300 movies to his credit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12386475", "title": "Higher education sector fails to impress: CM", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy on Friday said that the higher education sector in the state has failed to keep pace with the advancements in the global higher education scenario. He was inaugurating the platinum jubilee celebrations of the Kerala University here.He also urged the higher education authorities to initiate immediate steps to improve the quality of higher education sector in the state. He offered all support from the government for the initiatives launched by universities.Education minister P K Abdu Rabb, who presided over the event, said that the universities in the state have failed to publish the results of various examinations on time. There are several cases in which the universities failed to publish the results even after a year of conducting the exams, he said. He asked the university to devise a fool proof mechanism to conduct examinations and announce results on time.The renovated Senate Hall of the university was also inaugurated on the occasion. Platinum jubilee celebration was the first function held in the renovated hall. On the occasionUthradom Tirunal Marthanda Varma, head of Travancore royal family, presented mementos to former VCs J V Vilanilam, N Babu, B Ekbal and M K Ramachandran Nair.Ministers K C Joseph and V S Sivakumar, and VC A Jayakrishnan were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386474", "title": "I-T raid on marble store", "text": "KANPUR: During a raid conducted at the Marble Market in Kidwai Nagar at the establishment of a local marble trader on Friday, the income tax (I-T) officials claimed to have seized cash and documents pertaining to financial transactions. The raid took place during the morning hours. Senior IT officials said they had information that the business group could be involved in tax evasion. \"It is only after we were satisfied that there was sufficient reason to believe that the party might not have declared their entire earnings did we decide to conduct the raids,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12388471", "title": "Nashikites welcome new year with cheer", "text": "NASHIK: Gudi Padwa, the first day of the Hindu month of Chaitra, which marks the beginning of the new year, was celebrated in Nashik with the usual festive fervour. Nashikites got up early and hoisted the Gudi in front of their houses. The Gudi consists of a stick wrapped in a red, saffron or green silk cloth with an empty, inverted vessel on the top of the stick. Sugar wafers, neem leaves, and a garland of red flowers are used to adorn it.It being the first day of the new Marathi year, Nashikites clean their houses and decorate the entrance with intricate rangoli designs, mango leaves and marigold flowers. As part of tradition, most families eat a paste of neem leaves with jaggery and tamarind, which is believed to purify the blood and strengthen the body's immune system. People dress in traditional finery and women are seen draped in special Navawari (nine yard) sarees.Since Gudi Padwa is one of the most auspicious occasions in the year, hundreds of people purchased gold, vehicles or moved into new homes. Jewellery shops were seen crowded with customers. Several rallies, parades and processions were taken out by the political parties and social organizations in Nashik.Nav Varsha Swagat Yatra Samiti, a social organization, had organized processions in various parts of the city to celebrate the new Marathi Year. Processions were taken out at 6.30am at Nursinha Nagar in the Gangapur Road area, Mahatma Nagar, Tidke Colony, Sambhaji Chowk and other parts of the city.Early in the morning, the Gudi puja was performed by political personalities at various places, including corporator Seema Hiray, Dr Rahul Aher, corporator Sujata Dere and Narendra Sonawane of the Nav Varsha Swagat Yatra Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12387140", "title": "State-run hospitals rake in moolah from new medical plan", "text": "CHENNAI: Government hospitals have been displaying an uncharacteristically competitive streak since the state launched the new health insurance scheme two months ago. Treating more patients and earning more revenue in claims under the scheme, the hospitals plan to plough back the money into upgrading equipment and amenities and become a viable option for patients who now prefer private healthcare facilities.Government hospitals have since January 11 submitted claims for 12.4 crore, more than a quarter of the total number of total payouts under the Chief Minister's Comprehensive Health Insurance Scheme. The Government General Hospital, Chennai, the top earner among state-run healthcare facilities, submitted claims for 4.6 crore.The state has from this year allowed government hospitals to use their earnings from the insurance scheme instead of handing the money over to the government and then waiting for grants. It has directed hospitals to use 60% of their profits on consumables and 25% to upgrade facilities. To encourage healthcare workers, the government has asked the hospitals to distribute 15% among doctors, nurses and paramedical staff as incentives.Hospitals are awaiting guidelines from the government for distribution to staff, but most hospital administrators are happy with their revenue growth. \"We plan to use the money from these funds to improve cleanliness and facilities in the wards,\" GH dean V Kanakasabai.In May 2011, chief minister J Jayalalithaa scrapped the DMK's Kalaignar Kapitu Thittam, stating that government hospitals received only a negligible percentage of total medical payouts under the health insurance scheme. In around two years, of the 850 crore paid out under the previous health insurance scheme, only 1.2% or 10.49 crore went to government hospitals.\"We realized that making government hospital compete with private healthcare leads to cherry-picking. It left the government treating older and sicker patients. Easier cases were handled by private hospitals. The new regulation was brought in to improve productivity, quality and efficiency within government hospitals,\" said T S Selvavinayagam of Tamil Nadu Health Systems Project.United India Insurance Company, which is implementing the scheme, had till Friday paid out more than 48 crore for around 17,000 procedures. General Hospital is followed by Government Stanley Hospital (1.3 crore) and Royapettah Government Hospital (62 lakh) among the three state-run facilities with the largest submitted claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12386204", "title": "Management firms to maintain new terminal", "text": "KOLKATA: The new integrated terminal at Kolkata airport will be maintained by professional facility management companies. Speaking to TOI on Friday, airport director B P Sharma assured that not only will the authority deliver a world-class facility in June-July, it will also ensure that fliers do not get an opportunity to complain about service or upkeep.\"The management has taken the union into confidence and explained the challenges in managing the terminal that is nearly seven times the size of the current one,\" Sharma said, adding that the existing staff will be utilized in other facilities at the airport.While most of the electrical, electronics and mechanical equipment will be under annual maintenance contract for three-five years, housekeeping and baggage trolley management - the two biggest sore points at present - will be handed over to private agencies. Though baggage trolleys management is contracted out even now, it is very poorly managed.Of the 1,000 non-executive staffers at the airport, around 200 are employed in the cargo wing. The rest on duty at the domestic and international terminal will have to be reassigned elsewhere. Some staffers are likely to be transferred to smaller airports, feared Airports Authority Employees' Union (AAEU) regional secretary Dipankar Ghosh.That will happen only after all airlines have moved into the new terminal in phases and the current domestic terminal is shut. Though all major construction in the integrated terminal building and internal and city-side flyovers have been completed, internal finishing work like glazing, flooring, and furnishing like glass partitions and check-in counters are underway.\"Of the five levels, four - basement, arrival, upper arrival and upper departure-are ready. Work is progressing fast on the departure level and should be complete by this month-end,\" Sharma said, adding that landscaping work will start in a fortnight while glass aerobridges will be installed in May-June.At present, AAI staff is in charge of housekeeping, security, conveyer belt, escalator, elevator and generator operations, manning telephones, announcing flights and maintaining some electronics, electrical and AC units. There is some civil engineering staff as well. Many functions are already on contract in sections of electrical, civil engineering, AC maintenance unit, baggage trolley and electronics board management and aerobridge operation.Sources said several reasons prompted the decision to hand over the work to management companies, the foremost being the poor work culture among employees in Kolkata. Given the shoddy upkeep of the domestic and international terminal drawing flak from passengers as well as the media, the decision was imminent.\"The sense of pride in one's work and ownership in the workplace is sorely missing among a section of the staff in Kolkata. Leave the airport, just look at the bus service in Mumbai or Delhi and the difference in work culture stares back. The clout of trade unions in Kolkata and the poor work ethics that they patronize posed a huge challenge when the airport upgrade project was conceived. Everyone - be it the management or passengers - was concerned about cleanliness and level of service at the new terminal. Having been exposed to professional service at Delhi, Mumbai and other airports, expectations have gone high and the authority is committed to meet it,\" a senior official in Delhi said.Union leaders, too, have accepted the inevitable. Both Ghosh of AAEU and rival Airports Authority Staff &amp; Workers' Union secretary Pradeep Sikdar said they were aware of maintenance contract being awarded to private agencies and would not oppose the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12386538", "title": "Boy's Captors Planned To Use Ransom To Fund Lavish Life", "text": "NEW DELHI: The kidnapping and murder of Dwarka boy Ashish Garg has uncovered a complex trail of greed and blackmail. Garg's captors, who were his former classmates, wanted to make fast buck and use the ransom money to fund a lavish lifestyle. There was also a tussle over wooing a girl, whom Ashish had befriended. And his friends wanted him out of their way.Caught in the web of blackmail, Ashish was forced to cough up at least Rs 5,000 every month, till his friend-turned-captors finally decided to milk him dry with a huge ransom money of Rs 50 lakh. And this when they hammered out a plan to invite him to a birthday bash and kidnap him. Then they intended to blow the money on a girls, bikes and a holiday in the hills.With more grisly clues emerging, the police finally nabbed two other persons on Thursday night, who were part of the plot. The four accused are Rudravesh Tanwar alias Rubail (20), Sachin Kadyan (19), Manesh Kumar (22) and Dhruvesh Goswami alias Dhruv (19).Ashish was taken to a rented room in Naharpur village where he was injected with at least eight doses of a sedative, Alprax, which made him lose him consciousness, police said. And this was supervised by Manesh Kumar, Rubail's brother, who is pursuing a bachelor's degree in pharmaceuticals.Then they strangled him with a rope. Rubail, Sachin then watched him die and sat beside his body till the wee hours before they dozed off. They came back to Dwarka in the morning to collect the ransom when they were nabbed. The other two accused, returned home from where they were arrested during raids.Rubail and Manesh are sons of a cop who works in the office of a DCP, who was instrumental in cracking this case. The duo lived with their family in Palam area of southwest Delhi. \"Rubail was a student of BBA from DIMT College, Kurukshetra University. He studied till Class 12 from a private school in Dwarka where he and Ashish were classmates. Sachin Kadyan and Rubail, a BCA student, were roommates at DIMT College. Dhruvesh was also a former classmate of Ashish and he was lured into the plot by Rubail. He provided the getaway bike,\" said A K Ojha, DCP, southwest.Rubail and Sachin had planned to go back to Kurukshetra after getting the ransom money where the others were scheduled to join. Both were movie buffs and were the main conspirators. Both had come to Delhi on a month's vacation. The execution of the plan began 10 days ago on March 11.They took a room on rent in Naharpur village in Rohini where they would often visit to rule out suspicion of neighbors. Rubail had even convinced his brother, a B.Pharma student to be his accomplice. He worked with a chemist and was assigned to buy the sedatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12377578", "title": "Vidya vs Priyanka for Madhur\u2019s political drama", "text": "It's official. Madhur Bhandarkar's next is neither Fashion 2 (an idea he had only toyed with) nor Aashiqui 2 (which co-producer of Aashiqui Bhushan Kumar had approached him for).Nor is Bhandarkar taking up Sanjay Leela Bhansali's idea of remaking the South blockbuster Ramana in Hindi.But as Mirror can reveal, Bhandarkar's next after Heroine will be a political thriller set against the politics in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. The filmmaker has zeroed down on two heroines for the project- Vidya Balan and Priyanka Chopra for the politician's role.A close friend of the filmmaker told Mirror, \"Vidya would suit the role of the mature politician to the T. And after working with Priyanka, Bhandarkar has developed a very good professional rapport with her as well. So let's see which girl wins the race.\"The character is that of a very vulnerable woman from North India, who, in a span of five years, grows into a bold and conniving woman to survive in the cut-throat political world. She will be clad in sarees for most part of the film. \"Political films are Madhur's forte. His 2003 Satta based in Mumbai, received critical acclaim,\" said the friend.Explaining why Bhandarkar is not going ahead with Bhansali's offer, the friend said, \"Madhur does not believe in remakes. He did consider Bhansali's offer, which came about 15 days ago, but decided against it. So Ramana is ruled out.\"Bhandarkar's friend also revealed, \"Madhur is talking to UTV Motion Pictures and Eros International for this one. Both the corporate houses have shown a lot of interest in the project.\"The political thriller in question will roll in December 2012. \"Right now, Bhandarkar is very busy with Heroine which hits the theatres in September 14.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386593", "title": "Navratri celebrations: Devotees throng Mata temples", "text": "KANPUR: Considered as one of the most auspicious days of Hindu calendar, the first day of Chaitra Navaratra was celebrated on Friday. It also marked the start of '2069 Samvatsar', or the Hindu New Year. The first day was dedicated to Maa Shailputri, known to bestow her devotees with peace, happiness, bliss and harmony. As per Hindu mythology Maa Shailputri is the first incarnation of Goddess Durga. This deity is mainly dressed up in a white sari.Serpentine queues of devotees waiting to offer prayers to the deity were witnessed at various Durga temples of the city since early morning. Some even opted for unique ways to please the Goddess. Some people were witnessed walking up to the temples bare-footed, while others were witnessed doing 'parikrama' of the temples after lying flat on the ground and crawling.The famous Tapeshwari Devi Temple of the city with a statue of Maa Shailputri was flooded with devotees on first day of Navaratra. According to mythology, Goddess Tapeshwari had originated after years of meditation done by Mata Sita. The other very famous legend associated with this temple is that people who wish for anything from Maa Tapeshwari Devi have to burn an 'akhand jyoti' from one day to three days continuously.At Junglee Devi Temple in Kidwai Nagar and Baradevi Temple, thousands of devotees came on the first day of Navaratra. Most of the devotees were also observing a fast. On the second day of Navaratra on Saturday, Goddess Bramhcharini will be worshipped.This year, Navaratra will be celebrated for 10 days. Ramnavmi will be celebrated on April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12387460", "title": "Porngate: Clean chit to MLAs", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Giving clean chit to BJP MLAs Shankar Chaudhury and Jetha Bharwad, who had been charged with watching obscene clips on iPad, Gujarat state assembly speaker Ganpat Vasava on Friday read out a statement saying the state-owned Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) has found \"nothing objectionable in the clippings\" in the tablet that the legislators had been watching in the House on March 20.The speaker, who received the iPad from Chaudhury a day later, on March 21 afternoon, handed it over to the FSL, Gandhinagar, to find out if the allegation regarding obscene clips was correct.He acted on a statement claiming innocence by Chaudhary. Chaudhury wanted the matter be handed over to the Privileges Committee, suspecting \"wider conspiracy\".The speaker said, \"I received the FSL report, along with an analysis of the data of the records in the iPad, in a sealed cover from the FSL on March 23. For the last three days, the Opposition had been trying to obstruct the proceedings by resorting to slogan shouting, demanding action against the MLAs, which is extremely regrettable.\"He underlined, \"As a result, we could not proceed with the Question Hour, where people's issues are discussed. We also could not discuss budgetary demands of important departments like home, forest and environment and tribal development, which is a matter of concern.\"Giving details of the FSL report, which he said he has handed over to the House Privileges Committee of the Gujarat state assembly for further scrutiny, the speaker said, in all the iPad, belonging to Chaudhury, contains 4,161 photographs and 11 videos.\"After checking each and every photograph and video, the FSL reached the conclusion that there is no obscene image in the iPad\", the speaker said, adding, \"The FSL report also suggests that on March 20, before 1pm, when the House was in session, no internet surfing had taken place. Hence, watching an obscene website, too, is ruled out.\"The speaker's statement came after the entire Opposition was suspended from the House - for the third day in succession - for shouting slogans demanding dismissal of the two BJP MLAs who had allegedly watched obscene clips, Shankar Chaudhury and Jetha Bharwad.Forced out after minister of state for legislative affairs Pradeepsinh Jadeja moved a resolution saying the Congress MLAs were seeking to \"undermine democracy\" by not allowing the House to function, the Congress MLAs held a mock assembly outside the House, wearing masks of the speaker, chief minister Narendra Modi and ministers Anandiben Patel, Narottam Patel and Saurabh Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12385990", "title": "Court refuses to give relief to ex-BSP minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court on Friday refused to stay arrest and quash the FIR lodged against former BSP minister Ram Achal Rajbhar in connection with an attempt to murder case.A division bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena said that the FIR disclosed commission of cognizable offences and hence, it cannot be quashed. The court also refused to grant stay on arrest due to gravity of the matter. The former minister had challenged the FIR lodged by Ram Jauhar Verma on March 8, 2012 with Sanmmanpur police station in Ambedkarnagar district.Verma said that due to election rivalry, the ex-minister's two sons Ajay Rajbhar alias Munna and Sanjay Rajbhar as well as other family members and others brutally assaulted him and his two sons Anil and Vipul using firearms and blunt objects, causing them serious injuries with intention to eliminate them.The attack was made due to conspiracy of ex-minister. Ram Achal Rajbhar challenged the said FIR on the grounds that it was lodged due to political vendetta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12386546", "title": "Martyrs Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev, Rajguru paid rich tributes", "text": "KANPUR: On the occasion of Shaheed Diwas on March 23, martyrs Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru were remembered for their sacrifices. The three great freedom fighters were hanged to death by the Britishers on this date.March 23 is observed as Shaheed Diwas in the country to honour their sacrifices.Various events were held in the city to pay rich tributes to Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru.The three martyrs were also remembered at various government and private offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-24"}
