{"city": "london", "code": "16648316", "title": "'Marine animals key to combat aging'", "text": "LONDON: Sea cucumbers and sea urchins are able to change the elasticity of collagen within their bodies, and could hold the answer to looking young, according to a new study.Researchers from the Queen Mary, University of London investigated the genes of marine creatures such as sea urchins and sea cucumbers. They found the genes for \"messenger molecules\" known as peptides, which are released by cells and tell other cells in their bodies what to do. \"Our research discovered genes encoding peptides that cause rapid stiffening or softening of collagen in the body wall of sea cucumbers,\" lead researcher, professor Maurice Elphick, said. \"As we get older, changes in collagen cause wrinkling of our skin, so if we can find out how peptides cause the body wall of a sea cucumber to quickly become stiff or soft then it might lead to new ways to keeping skin looking young,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16648908", "title": "No relief from water scarcity despite rains", "text": "NASHIK: Heavy rains have failed to contribute much to raising water levels in dams and other storage tanks, the district administration said.The district witnessed 226 mm of rain till 8am on Tuesday and most of the rainfall was within the span of 11pm to midnight on Monday, collector Vilas Patil said adding that there was some damage to property and farms. \"We are still assessing the damage, but there is no cause for worry. Only the heavy rainfall areas of the district have seen rain while nothing much has been witnessed in the areas parched for water. So far we have reports of one casualty because of rains besides several cattle losing their lives,\" the collector said. Avinash Jadhav (30) of Bhagur, died after being crushed under a tree.Nashik taluka received 28 mm of rainfall, as heavy rains accompanied by thunderstorm lashed the district on Monday. Trimbakeshwar received maximum of 49 mm of rain, followed by Igatpuri that received 47 mm of rain. The tehsil also recorded the maximum number of houses falling during the storm, with the tally reaching 95, of which 5 were completely damaged, the collector added. Sinnar received only 11 mm of rain, while Deola received 9 mm of rain.the weathermen reportedThe incident happened late night, the sources said.Regarding dam storage, the district administration said that the Gangapur dam had crossed the 85-percent mark, but that it was not enough to release water for the areas down the stream. Though the chances of the 'returning' monsoon are still active, the storage of the dams is still pegged at an unsatisfactory mark of 60 percent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646279", "title": "From tomorrow, you can register property at your convenience", "text": "MUMBAI: Come October 4 and island city residents won't have to skip work to register their property documents. Starting Thursday, the state government will provide a new facility which will allow island city residents to register their property documents virtually throughout the day\u2014from 7 in the morning to 9 at night.At present, registration of property documents takes place between 10am and 5pm.Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat will inaugurate two new offices at Adarsh Nagar in Worli as part of the new arrangement.While one office will function from 7am to 2pm, the second will operate between 2pm and 9 pm. \"This will allow office-goers to register property documents before or after office hours,\" said S Chockalingam, inspector general of registration and stamps.A similar arrangement for suburban residents is being readied in Khar (on the telephone exchange premises on Linking Road). Chockalingam said the suburban facility will be operational by month-end.On June 20, TOI had carried a news report highlighting the government's plan in this regard.\"With the inauguration of the two offices in Worli, the number of offices for transaction in island city will go up to five. The new facility will ease the burden on the existing set-up,\" said Chockalingam.In the next few months, the state government plans to set up more new offices in the city, which sees an average 2 lakh document registrations annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649243", "title": "Making Nagpur Municipal Corporation teachers tech-savvy", "text": "NAGPUR: The city's government schools may have been equipped with high-end computers, but the use of these machines was limited. The reason, teachers in these schools were not very tech-savvy. With the efforts of some college students, the scenario may change soon and these machines may pave the way for quality education in schools run by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).Samagrashala, an NGO formed by some students, has started training teachers from the 28 NMC-run schools in utilizing internet-based resources like e-books, blogs and videos as teaching aids. They would also acquaint teachers with innovative methods being employed by some of the well known NGOs of the country. A persistent issue that ails the government schools - sanitation and hygiene - would also be taken up during these interactions.\"Many of us volunteer with organizations that teach students from underprivileged classes. However, we felt that if we could help teachers who teach in government schools, it would benefit many more children than we could reach,\" said Aniket Pathak, one of the volunteers of the NGO.\"We would visit all 28 schools in four months. After this, we aim to pass on the responsibility of carrying forward the popularizing of innovative teaching methods to some teachers so that the movement does not stop if some of us were to move out of the city,\" said Priyank Jain, who conceptualized the idea.During the first of their workshops, students found several of their own misbelieves about government schools and their teachers being busted. \"Contrary to the popular perception that these teachers are lazy and don't want to teach, we saw a completely different side of them. They have to go out of their way at times to convince families the importance of education. They have to go to their students' houses and win over their parents. And, they do all this thinking of it as their duty,\" said volunteer Yasha Jain.\"In the first workshop, we were not entirely sure of how the teachers would receive a few things, especially the hygiene issue. Not only were they very receptive, but also gave us some ideas and shared the problems their students faced,\" said Swati Sinha, another volunteer.Speaking about the technical training, volunteer Vijay Kumar said that though some of the teachers had smartphones, they did not know how those devices could be used for surfing the internet. \"Also, they were afraid that they or the kids would harm the expensive computers as they did not know how to use them properly,\" he said.Education officer of NMC Ashok Talatule said that all schools have computers and computer teachers, too. \"With this training, the other teachers also would be able to utilize these resources better,' he said. Computer programmer with the civic body Vinay Bagle said that it would also help NMC with some of the projects like e-governance and Document Management System, which aim to put all school records online and facilitate issuing circulars and notices online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16649560", "title": "Mizos organize peace festival", "text": "BANGALORE: It was not too long ago that hundreds of people of northeastern states headed home in the wake of threats to the community . Many of them later returned to their adopted home. But memories of the exodus loomed large over the Vangpui Kut festival organized by the Bangalore Mizo Association.The mood, though, was one of healing. Determined to set things right, the community earnestly threw open its doors to other communities at the event organized in Baldwin Boys High School Auditorium on Tuesday.Over 2,000 Mizos are currently based in Bangalore and most of them are students . Vangpui Kut was held to spread the message of peace, unity and friendship among all communities of Bangalore.PC Zoran Sangliana, minister for art and culture, government of Mizoram, said India's success story is in spite of its diversities and differences of communities. He observed that the exodus has only strengthened the resolve of the people of Mizo community and Bangalore to remain united. \"We will not let those vested interests to spoil our relationship with Karnataka,\" he said.As a gesture of goodwill, he invited the Karnataka government to send a delegation during the Chapchar Kut organized in Mizoram in March.Chapchar Kut is celebrated in March to herald the arrival of spring. The seven-day festival is a celebration of fecundity.DG and IGP of police Karnataka, Lalrokhuma Pachuau, assured the gathering that the government and his department will be all prepared to prevent any recurrence of the exodus.The evening was a melange of cultural heritage of Mizos and Kannadigas. The Bangalore Mizo band, Mizoram cultural troupes, Mizo band 'boomaranag' , Dollu Kunitha and Veeragase troupes performed during the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648571", "title": "\u2018Civic body should concretize its plans\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Vehicles tailgating on each other, never-ending traffic snarls, scenes of road rage and traffic light violations are often noticed as one drives on city roads. With a view to organizing roads in a better way, the municipal corporation has come up with a special plan to widen roads, build traffic junctions and more parking bays.Commissioner of Ludhiana municipal corporation R K Verma said the plan blueprint was forwarded to the state government, and has been approved.For Rajesh Verma of Sarabha Nagar: \"Its good that the authority is finally making some plans to ease the traffic scenario, but I hope they act and all the planning does not remain on paper.\"Businessman Manpreet Chawla from Kiran Vihar said, \"Let MC complete their pending projects first and then start new ones. Adding tasks upon tasks could cause a crisis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647397", "title": "India's computing pioneer remains unsung in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: When the city boasts of having a world-class research institute - Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre (VECC) - at Salt Lake, few remember the project officer who started it in the seventies during his stay at the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC). Though VECC is gaining prominence by the day, Nripendra Kumar Ganguly - the scientist now in his nineties - is living a quiet life at his Golf Green residence.Ganguly is known for his pioneering work in the field of computing when India had no clue of master computers. \"After working for more than a decade at institutes in the US, France and England, Ganguly joined BARC in 1970. Scientists there engaged in the manufacture of atom bomb then were badly in need of error-free computations. At that time, Ganguly negotiated with the erstwhile Soviet Union to allow a BESM-6 computer in India. This computer had helped the USSR to launch its Sputnik-I in 1957. It was at his initiative that the computer was installed at BARC,\" said Ganguly's student and engineer Dipan Roy.Roy rates his teacher as a front-runner in the field of nuclear optical model and nuclear reactions.\"He was the first to obtain the most accurate value for the diffusion coefficient. This value is being applied by scientists all over the world. Unfortunately, Ganguly was denied the opportunity to install a nuclear reactor in India as it didn't go well with the Atomic Energy Act. However, he could operate it independently abroad,\" said Roy.Nuclear scientists in the country, namely Bikash Sinha, DK Srivastava, Shantanu Paul, Sujit Banerjee, David Scot and SK Parthasarathi are some who worked with this senior scientist at some points of their career. Sinha met Ganguly while he was working at the Rutherford Higher Energy Laboratory. \"Ganguly did a pioneering work in computing. It is on record and has been widely acclaimed,\" said scientist Bikash Sinha.Ganguly's students and admirers wants the Manmohan Singh government to honour this worthy nephew of Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose who began his research work at Bose Institute in Kolkata under the able guidance of legendary professor Debendra Mohan Bose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648813", "title": "Govt mulling to tighten post-adoption follow-up", "text": "BHOPAL: The recent incident of sexual abuse and torture of a five-year-old girl child by her foster parents in Indore have jolted the state government that seems to have woken up to the need of better protection for adopted children.The state women and child development department (WCD) is mulling about introduction of possible measures that can beef up the child protection scheme aimed towards the safety of children placed under adoption.Expressing shock over the Indore incident, deputy director of WCD and in-charge of the state integrated child protection scheme (ICPS) Alok Sharma told TOI, \"We are working out how to increase the time of follow-up in the adoption cases so that such incidents do not occur.\"Currently the duration of the follow-up is two years as per the central adoption resource authority (CARA) guidelines of the ministry of WCD.Talking about elevating the role of the non-institutional protection officer he said, \"The non-institutional protection officer would also follow-up on the adopted child and the duration may be increased from the existing two years.\"Currently quarterly inspection is carried out for a period of two years as follow-up.\"Besides vacant posts of officials in the district child protection unit (DCPU) would also be filled within two months so that they can regularly keep a tab on the children placed under foster care,\" he said.Sharma informed that about 13 vacant posts in the DCPU including that counsellor, social worker, outreach workers and community volunteers would be filled within a period of two months.The proposed change in the existing guidelines of follow up and others would also be suggested at a workshop where representatives of CARA from the central ministry of WCD would be present. \"The workshop would be held on October 19,\" Sharma said.\"Also, posters and advertisements are being put up by the WCD in all the 50 districts to increase awareness about the process of adoption and important named and numbers related to it. These are being put up in the district hospitals, collectorate and the main markets,\" he added.There are currently 29 adoption agencies in the state which including recognized Indian placement agencies (RIPA) and specialised adoption agencies (SAA) he informed.Post adoption follow-up(1) In case of in-country adoption, half yearly progress reports in the first year and in the second year shall be prepared by the specialised adoption agency (SAA) and submitted to state adoption resource agency (SARA) or adoption coordinating agency (ACA).(2) The special adoption agency may provide post-adoption counselling services for adoptees and adoptive parents.(3) The follow-up measures shall continue up to a period of two years after the child acquires citizenship of the receiving country.(4) The authorized foreign adoption agencies (AFFA) shall also provide post adoption data to CARA through CARA's web-based management system.(5) The AFAA shall organise annual get-together of adopted children and adoptive parents and forward a report on the event to CARA.(6) The AFAA may conduct post-adoption counselling for adoptees and the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651704", "title": "Bali is coming back with 'Mard Tangewala'", "text": "'Daroga Babu I Love You', 'Dehati Babu' and the lead actor of many such hits Bali is coming back with 'Mard Tangewala'.Viraj Bhatt and Bali would share screen space for the first time together in this film. Film is produced by Suryakant.\"This is a totally different film from all other Bhojpuri films you've seen so far. The film is going to make you laugh and is a complete entertainer. The film has power pack action sequences too,\" said producer Suryakant.Source: Bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16648830", "title": "Soaring flower prices disappoint honeymooners in Manali", "text": "MANALI: Soaring prices of flowers in Manali is disappointing honeymooners who are finding it difficult to afford the cost of proper room decoration. While flower production in the state was badly hit due to inclement weather this season, flowers sourced from outside the state too are not coming cheap due to hike in prices. As a result, expensive and desired flowers are not available in the market and now honeymooners are asking for room decoration only with cheap marigold and roses.\"Only 20% honeymooners are asking for proper flower decoration,\" said Sushil Chandel, general manager of Hotel Hilltop. According to flower vendors, local flowers are very expensive due to short supply and they are sourcing flowers mainly from Delhi.Hoteliers who are providing their guests free flower decoration are doing so with the cheap varieties. A bouquet which was available for Rs 100 till July is now available for Rs 150 and many important varieties are missing from the bunch. Cost of an average decoration of a room has risen from Rs 2,000 to Rs 3,000. Carnation, gladiolus and zerbera varieties of flowers are not available in the market due to their high prices. While a stick of rose is available for Rs 25, a small garland of marigold is available for Rs 20.Hoteliers are even ordering used flowers from the Delhi flower market. Pushkar in Rajasthan is the main supplier for roses. Vinay Thakur, a hotelier, said, \"According to our commitment with newlyweds, we cannot charge them extra for expensive flowers. So many of them are upset that we are decorating rooms with basic varieties.\"Flower supplier Sumant Upadhyay said he was not having any demand for expensive flowers. \"A Thai orchid which we were selling for Rs 15 per stem last year is available for Rs 30 to Rs 40 this year. When it comes to cheaper flowers, marigold and rose are the only options left,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "palwal", "code": "16647559", "title": "Palwal case: Hunt on for clues", "text": "PALWAL: The Palwal police are trying to recreate the crime scene to solve the murder of Satvinder Lakhanpal (38), a resident of east Delhi, near the Tumasera toll plaza on the Delhi-Faridabad-Agra national highway (NH-2) on Friday night.The decision was taken after cops from Sadar police station of Palwal, where the murder case has been lodged, spent an entire day in Agra and Delhi to determine the movement of the couple, Satvinder and her husband Mukesh Lakhanpal, the circulation head of a business magazine in the city. He was also allegedly gagged by four robbers but survived the assault.Cops are maintaining that there are a few grey areas in Mukesh's statement and they are still questioning him to determine the sequence of events. \"We are in touch with UP and Delhi Police. We have not given a clean chit to anyone till now,'' said an officer.Police teams went to Agra on Tuesday where they picked up important CCTV footage from the hotel where the couple stopped for the night on September 27. \"We have questioned the hotel staff to find out when they had set out for Delhi on September 28,\" said a source.A separate team is questioning the owners of the liquor vends on the highway to determine if any gang had begun following the couple's Swift when Mukesh had stopped to buy liquor. Another team in Delhi have already spoken to the deceased's sister, added the source.SP (Palwal) Jagat Singh Hooda said on Tuesday that his team was investigating the case on a priority basis. \"We are aware that questions are being raised on the security on the highway. We hope to come back to you with some development in the next couple of days,'' he said.The Sadar police claim nobody had been murdered during the six robberies recorded in the past 12 months on the Hodal-Palwal-Ballabgarh stretch of the highway.The Palwal police are also trying to take the CCTV footage from the Palwal Tumsera toll plaza for any white Alto that might have crossed the tax booth between 10.30pm and 11pm on Friday.Cops are investigating why a portion of the car's bumper has been broken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648610", "title": "Teen fakes own kidnapping", "text": "LUDHIANA: Inspired by TV serials and Bollywood films, a 16-year-old boy Sanjay Kumar of Dehradun , concocted a fake story of his own kidnapping.The teen was spotted crying bitterly by the security guards of a private hospital on Ferozepur Road on Tuesday morning, who later informed the police.On hearing about the complaint, cops of Sarabha Nagar police station reached the spot along with Central Investigating Agency (CIA) staff.In his statement to the police, security officer Surjeet Singh said when he spotted the teen he looked scared and was crying bitterly.\"Sanjay said some miscreants kidnapped him from Aarti Chowk in their car on Monday evening when he was returning home from his tuition. When the kidnappers were about to drive him away with in their car, he managed to escape by jumping out from the open window of the car,\" Surjeet told police.When police made enquiries from Sanjay he pretended that he was scared and in a state of shock due to this incident, but cops were not convinced. CIA-2 in charge Gurbans Singh Bains said, \"We suspected something fishy in Sanjay's narration and behaviour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16647828", "title": "Rave party: RTI query goes on a merry-go-round", "text": "MANGALORE: That government inquiry reports end up in 'cold storage' is now passe.An attempt to lay hands on one such report using the Right to Information Act (RTI) is proving to be a herculean task. Case in point is the inquiry report submitted by MV Jayanthi, regional commissioner, Mysore, on the rave party held at Malpe in Udupi district from February 3 to 5, 2011.An attempt to lay hand on this \"elusive\" report of this has seen a postal order of Rs 10 by MG Hegde, state secretary, Janata Dal (Secular) on August 24 to principal secretary, internal administration department (law and order), traverse four offices including the chief minister's office.The RTI query as on September 18 has been sent from the office of the chief secretary to the secretary, departments of Kannada, culture and information.The principal secretary, internal administration forwarded the RTI query on August 30 to regional commissioner whose office in turn sent it to CMO on September 5 on the grounds that the report had been submitted to the office in question.The chief minister's secretariat, in turn, forwarded this query on September 14 to the chief secretary on grounds that the matter or report in question is with the office of the chief secretary for compliance.The 'mileage' of the postal order has since seen the chief secretary's office dispatch this query to secretary of the department of Kannada and culture on September 18. A not so bemused MG Hegde told The Times of Indiathat maybe the government considers an inquiry report on a 'rave party' a matter of 'culture' that it has been sent to them for compliance.And the final word on this issue is yet to hear as the department of Kannada and culture is yet to revert to Hegde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16648109", "title": "Balance between literary pursuits &amp; freedom of expression a must: Chief minister", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday said writers should maintain a balance between literary pursuits and freedom of expression.Gogoi was speaking in reference to the ongoing protest against the highly inflammatory anti-Islamic film posted on the internet, while inaugurating the Guwahati Literary Festival-cum-Book Fair here. The CM stated that literature and cultural spheres in society play an important in removing various social malaise.Noted Bengali litterateur Manishankar Mukhapadhya and well-known Assamese literateurs Arun Sarmah and Laksmi Nandan Borah shared the dais with education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, who is also the president of Assam Publication Board. The fair was initiated by the board in 1987.\"Writers hold a position of responsibility in society and they should exercise balance between their literary pursuits and freedom of expression. Such literature festivals are required to help inculcate reading habits among people,\" said Gogoi.He added that an effort should be made to translate the precious manuscripts in the sattras. Gogoi, known for maintaining a comic strand in his speeches, talked about the positive aspects of floods. \"Floods unify people as they get to stay together in relief camps. There they get to interact with people and some even marry,\" said Gogoi to an applauding audience.Laksmi Nandan Borah, a noted Assamese litterateur, was conferred a special award for his contribution towards literature. He was given a cheque of three lakh rupees and a citation.\"We have invited noted litterateurs from different parts of the country. The book fair is an intrinsic element of the publication board but last year, we couldn't organize it. This is the first time that we have organized the festival. We will continue with the award that was initiated in 2000 and this year, at the end of the festival, we will give four other awards in different categories. Ten books will be released and it must be said that the Kirtan Goxha will be translated into different languages and one in Oriya is almost complete. Through literature. we can usher in a new change,\" said education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648359", "title": "Nigerian caught with Rs 38L cocaine", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 37-year old Nigerian national, Daniel Ebera, was arrested for possessing 19gm of high-quality cocaine valued around Rs 38 lakh in international market, near ISBT-17 on Tuesday. Two cellphones, a valid passport and Rs 2,400 were confiscated. The accused was staying in Noida and had come to Chandigarh only two days ago. Sources said: a??Apart from Chandigarh police, Narcotics Control Bureau was closely monitoring movements of the drug peddler. Ebera could be part of a large-scale racket.a??Inspector Ranjeet Singh Dhillon said Ebera came to India around two months ago and his initial interrogation has revealed that he was in Chandigarh in search of customers, and was to supply cocaine samples to a youth, who is absconding. Sources said the accused obtained two cellphone numbers on fake documents and call details revealed that he was in touch with some of his counterparts in Delhi.He would be produced before the district courts on Wednesday. A case was registered at Sector-17 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649241", "title": "Education can make difference for sickle cell patients", "text": "NAGPUR: 30-year-old Pradnya Dhengre has chosen not to get married yet and is waiting for a good job so that she can be financially independent. As she is a sickle cell patient, job security is her first priority. She is banking on her education and preparing for the MPSC examination.Dhengre is aware of the disease, its causes and consequences. Being educated - she's an M Phil in Marathi literature - has made all the difference.Education has also empowered 29-year-old Yogita Bhaisare, another sickle cell patient, to face life with dignity even though she has been 'rejected' by several grooms due to her condition. She is a post graduate in arts and has a B Ed degree too.\"I didn't want to be dumped later. Not getting married is better than living a disastrous family life. Rejection did hurt me initially. But now I have decided to first be independent and then look for someone who accepts me with my disease,\" said Bhaisare to TOI during a public awareness programme organized jointly by the Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS), the Adivasi Development Initiative (ADI) and the Sickle Cell Society of India (SCSI) on Tuesday.Dhengre has also been engaged in creating awareness among younger girls and their parents. \"I am doing my bit for others. I myself would prefer to remain unmarried or marry someone who understands my medical and emotional condition and stand by me in all situations,\" she said. If people can fight diseases like AIDS and cancer, why can't sickle cell patients live a normal life, asks Dhengre.The programme was inaugurated by Vilasini Nair, the director of Nairsons Group. All speakers emphasized that it was possible for sickle cell patients to live a normal life provided they take the required precautions and adhere to treatment. Those who spoke on the occasion included Jayant Kothe, popularly called as Dadaji among the Bastar tribals, Dr Ankita Kothe and Dr Vaidehi Marathe, the NOGS president and secretary respectively, and Sampat Ramteke, the SCSI president.Women, they added, particularly need to be aware of their sickle status as they are the future mothers.Dr Dipty Jain, the paediatrics professor at the Akola Government Medical College who has been screening pregnant women for the disease under an ICMR project, informed that out of the 24,380 women screened 2328 (almost 10%) were found positive.Psychologist Anupama Gadkari said that positive attitude is a big help in disease management. Varsha Tatwawadi, a dietitian working in tribal belts with sickle cell patients, emphasized on the need for proper diet management. Dr Ujjwala Desmhukh, senior obstetrician and gynaecologist, explained the medical aspects of the disease. \"Since it was a genetic disease both, men and women, have equal responsibility of checking their status before marriage,\" she said.PRECAUTIONS FOR SICKLE CELL PATIENTSMaintain body temperatureAvoid extreme cold or heatMaintain ideal weightDo not exert too much or lift heavy thingsMinimize stressSickle Cell disease and pregnancyHigher rate of spontaneous abortions and miscarriagesChild may not survive till birthIf it survives, chances of very low birth weight is highPregnant women more prone to infections, especially urinaryIncreased chance of pregnancy induced hypertensionIncreased chance of bleeding after deliveryPrecautions and treatments FOR WOMENPlan their marriage. A sickle cell disease person should marry a man who is neither a carrier nor has the diseasePlan their pregnancyMonitor their haemoglobin regularly, take proper diet and folic acid tablets few months before the pregnancyTake all vaccinations before the pregnancy to prevent communicable infectionsDuring pregnancy adhere to all medications and advised prenatal careDiet for patientsTake high calorie diet with all micronutrients (vitamins and minerals)Take enough fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumesTake enough folic acid naturally through vegetables or in the form of tabletsEnough omega-3 fatty acid supplementsDrink enough water everyday throughout life", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647454", "title": "Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited gets land at nine places for bus depots", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has received land from the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) at nine spots for building depots and other bus maintenance facilities. This is expected to reduce the burden on the existing 10 depots.PMPML's joint managing director Pravin Ashtikar said the PMPML has already gained possession of the lands and has started leveling the grounds and parking buses at some spots. The transfer of land has proved a major help, he added.Ashtikar said PMPML hopes to get at least two to three pieces of land from the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) as well.Member of Legislative Council Mohan Joshi said he personally followed up the issue of transfer of lands to PMPML, which was facing severe problems due to inadequate space for parking its buses and depots for proper maintenance of its buses.Joshi said he held several rounds of talks with PMC commissioner Mahesh Pathak about providing amenity spaces to PMPML.\"All these space will be used for constructing depots, bus terminals and parking facilities,'' he said.Joshi said since June this year, he has undertaken a mission to improve PMPML. Creating new depots, bus terminals and proper maintenance facilities will help improve bus services.Two years ago, the Union urban development department had cited inadequate number of depots as the reason for the poor maintenance of buses. It had also pointed out that the buses parked on the roads led to traffic congestion.The traffic branch of the city police had suggested that land should be reserved in the development plan at various locations when the development plan of the city is revised.Meanwhile, a proposal for allowing 2.5 FSI for construction or redevelopment of bus depots is on the cards. The proposal has to be first approved by the PMC and the PCMC, after which it will be forwarded to the state government for final approval. Commercial development and creation of parking facilities will be possible at bus depots with the use of additional FSI, the officials said.Land received from Pune Municipal CorporationPashant Sai chowk: 4 acresBaner Girme nagar: 8,000 sq ftNarhe road Dhayari: 15,000 sq ftKondhwa Budruk: 1,500 sq ftKondhwa Kumar Park: 2,000 sq ftHandewadi road (Hadapsar): 1 acreTwo places at Katraj: 4 acres and 10,000 sq ftKuber Park (Kothrud): 2 acres", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16649293", "title": "Bihar needs 1500MW for Rainbow Revolution", "text": "PATNA: Bihar will need 1475MW power for the next five years and 3,852MW by 2021-22 exclusively for its Rainbow Revolution and the state has requested the Union ministry of power to allocate maximum power, or at least 1,520MW, from the hydel projects being developed by India in Bhutan. This additional requirement was not considered in the recent 18th Electric Power Survey (EPS).The state also requires dedicated feeders for agriculture, grid substations and transmission network for real time monitoring and control and upgrading of state load dispatch centre to realize the Revolution.CM Nitish Kumar has also shown interest in joining hands with central public undertaking for developing hydel project and invest equity in the project to ensure better deal to the state in power allocation.West Bengal gets 350MW while Bihar has an allocation of only 260MW from Tala hydroelectric plant (HEP), Bhutan. \"Since Bihar is primarily dependent on central sector share to meet its demand, the allocation from HEP should have been higher to Bihar than West Bengal, which has substantial capacity under state sector,\" Bihar pleaded during the recent meeting on power allocation in New Delhi.In a recent communication to the PM, Nitish expressed concern over non-availability of requisite energy for the agriculture road map. Bihar has not got even 50% allocation from NTPC's Super Thermal Power Station (STPS) at Kahalgaon (stage-I&II;). It never gets its allocated quota from Kahalgaon and Farakka plants due to perennial coal shortage.Raising this issue during a recent meeting on the power allocation to states from Punatsangchhu-I &amp; II and Mangdechhu hydro projects in Bhutan, Bihar pleaded for allocation of entire power from these two projects to the state. \"If it is not possible, a minimum 1,500MW be allocated to Bihar,\" State energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav wrote to the Union minister concerned.The peak demand met by the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) during full load condition of its different grids during 2009-10 was 2,519MW, which was almost equivalent projection of 2,562MW as per 17th EPS for 2009-10.Earlier, due to less availability of power from central sector and from own generation, the BSEB was never in a position to provide full load to its grids. Again, the peak demand projection of 2,692MW as per the 18th EPS for 2012-13, Bihar has an allocation of 1,781MW (min) and 1,831MW (max) from central sector projects and 100MW from Damodar Valley Corporation. Owing to system strengthening and augmentation carried out by BSEB, the transmission capacity of the intrastate transmission system of Bihar has increased considerably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646321", "title": "Cops find a loose cannon in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dharavi police have arrested three men for possession of a 20.5-inch mortar. One of them, Pratap Pal Singh (52), said the big gun was a piece of ancestral property, 350 years old and employed in the Third Battle of Panipat.He said it was made of ashtadhatu\u2014an amalgam of eight metals, including gold and silver\u2014and he had intended to sell it for Rs 1 crore. The police said they would verify if the mortar indeed belonged to Singh and check his other claims with the Archaeological Survey of India.The arrests followed a tipoff that a gang was trying to sell a 25-kg mortar in the city. \"We laid a trap by making a policeman a decoy customer. He contacted the gang and started bargaining. They closed the deal for Rs 65 lakh and agreed to meet in Dharavi,\" said DCP (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.The decoy was met by Sanjay Gupta (45) in Dharavi's T Junction around 11.35 pm on Monday.\"We arrested him there; he had the mortar in a shoulder bag,\" Kulkarni said. \"He led us to Singh, who we found in a rented flat in Lokandwala, Andheri (West). We also arrested his domestic help, Vijendra Chauhan (45), who hails from Haryana.\"Singh is a dealer of precious stones and belongs to Madhya Pradesh. He came to Mumbai on train with the mortar two months ago. He said his ancestors were royals and fought in the Third Battle of Panipat.\"He said that after the termination of royal privileges in the country in 1971, his family had to submit their antique arms to the government, but the mortar was still with the family. He said he was trying to sell it because he needed to meet medical expenses of his son, who is a cricketer and is injured, and pay the fees of his law-student daughter.\"Singh, Chauhan and Gupta, a plumber from Uttar Pradesh, have been booked under the Arms Act and the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16651907", "title": "Ex-president Norman Arendse wants to return to CSA", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: As Cricket South Africa prepares to restructure its top management, former president Norman Arendse, who resigned barely a year into his term in September 2008, has expressed his desire to return to an administrative position with the board.Arendse resigned after citing irreconcilable differences with then chief executive officer Gerald Majola, who is under suspension and currently facing a disciplinary hearing in the wake of the Nicholson inquiry instituted by Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula.The minister launched the inquiry following almost two years of wrangling at CSA over IPL 2 bonuses that Majola had paid himself and other CSA staff without informing the board.IPL paid the handsome bonus to CSA for staging the second edition of the tournament which was shifted to South Africa due to clash of dates with the general elections in India.In terms of the new CSA structure recommended by the Nicholson inquiry, CSA's 11 provincial affiliates are submitting nominations for the five independent directors' positions. One of these five would also be elected as chairperson of the board.Arendse, who previously faced a no-confidence motion from six of the unions, has been nominated high on the list of three unions already.A clearly elated Arendse said he would work at restoring the tarnished image of CSA if he were elected.\"This is a different time and a completely different structure. It's a new beginning for cricket (in South Africa) and I want to be part of it,\" Arendse told the daily \"The New Age\".\"The nominations by the affiliates means they think I'm the best qualified person,\" the former president added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647431", "title": "2 dead after car hits dumper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people died and another was seriously injured after a speeding car rammed into a dumper in outer Delhi on Monday morning. The deceased have been identified as Hitesh (30) and Naveen (33), while the injured Nitin (26) is recuperating in Intensive Care Unit (ICU) in a hospital.The trio hailed from Sonepat, Haryana and were reportedly good friends. They were dealing in transport business for some time. Police said the three friends were heading towards Delhi in their car and when they reached G T Road they lost control over the vehicle and rammed into a dumper.\"The dumper was standing on the road due to some technical problem. The car was fully crushed and they were trapped inside it,\" said a police officer. They were evacuated after cutting the car, said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16653252", "title": "Election Commission to announce poll schedule for Gujarat, Himachal today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dates for the crucial assembly elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh have been finalised and will be announced by the Election Commission on Wednesday.The commission finalised the schedule for the assembly polls in the two states in its full meeting chaired by chief election commissioner V S Sampath and attended by election commissioners H S Brahma and Nasim Zaidi and other officials here on Wednesday morning, EC sources said.The elections are likely to be held in November-December after giving due consideration to the festivals of Navratras and Diwali, they said.The Gujarat elections are likely to be held in two phases, while those in Himachal Pradesh are expected to be conducted in a single phase.The commission has already held consultations with the home ministry for deployment of central security forces during the elections and with revenue officials for checking the misuse of money power.More than 35,000 personnel from central paramilitary forces and around 55,000 from state police are likely to be deployed for the Gujarat polls.Around 9,000 personnel from paramilitary forces and 14,000 from state police are likely to be deployed for Himachal Pradesh elections.Fearing use of money power in Gujarat, the commission is engaged in identifying the number of \"expenditure sensitive\" constituencies in Gujarat.Elections in the two states have to be held by January next as the terms of the current assemblies of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh end on January 17 and 10 respectively.While Gujarat has 182 assembly constituencies, 13 of which are reserved for SCs and 26 for STs, Himachal Pradesh has 68 assembly seats, with 17 reserved for SCs and 3 for STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16650375", "title": "Alia Bhatt in Karan Johar's next film", "text": "We had reported on August26 that Karan Johar is rooting for Alia Bhatt to be part of his next, 2 States, based on Chetan Bhagat's novel. At the time, co-producers KJo and Sajid Nadiadwala had even summoned the actress for a screen test to check if she looked the part.The latest is that the leading lady of KJo's Student of the Year ( SOTY ) will also headline 2 States opposite Arjun Kapoor. A source close to the project said, \"KJo will make an official announcement about Alia being in 2 States only after SOTY hits theatres. \" Having worked with her in SOTY , KJo is impressed with Alia's acting abilities. \"She seems to be a bundle of talent. Which is why KJo is backing her,\" the source pointed out.2 States is the story of a north Indian boy falling for a south Indian girl and how their respective cultures influence their lives together. The film will be directed by Abhishek Verman, who was the creative director in Alia's debut film.While KJo and Sajid remained unavailable for comment, surely Alia's excited about landing yet another plum opportunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16647750", "title": "Govt plans inroads into Maoist-hit areas in Rayagada district", "text": "KORAPUT: Several Maoist-hit areas in Rayagada district are slated to get better road connectivity with all-weather roads soon.The rural works department (RWD) of the tribal-dominated district has undertaken the construction of a 16-km road from Siriguda to Bijapur at an estimated cost of Rs 3.58 crore. Construction of the road, on in full swing, once completed, will replace the pothole and crater-ridden narrow earthen roads and help provide better connectivity to locals.\"We are happy to see the construction of the new road in our village. Undoubtedly, the new road will provide better transportation facility to us. At present we don't have an all-weather road to reach either the block or the district headquarters. The road will also lessen our time in reaching Chandrapur,\" said a Siriguda resident under Chandrapur block.According to RWD officials, construction of as many as 173 road projects, with a total length of 830 km, has been undertaken in Maoist-hit areas of 11 blocks in the district in the current financial year, at an estimated cost of Rs 334 crores.\"At least 190 Maoist-affected villages of 11 blocks in the district with a population of 250 and above will be benefitted by the road projects, which are being funded by the Integrated Action Plan (IAP),\" said executive engineer of rural works department (Rayagada) Simadri Nayak.According to Nayak, at least 17 villages of Chandrapur block in the district, highly infested by Maoists, will be benefitted by the 15 road projects undertaken in the block.\"Till now there has been no obstacle from the Naxals in executing the projects. Around 40% of the work has been completed and many roads will be thrown open to public in the next few months,\" said superintending engineer of RWD (Sunabeda) Muzaffar Hussain.Locals are also hopeful that better connectivity will bring development to their doorstep and will strengthen their economic condition as due to bad road conditions, government officials, including health staff, skip visiting remote areas of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16647806", "title": "Mahatma Gandhi's dreams still unrealized, deputy speaker", "text": "MANGALORE: The city remembered Mahatma Gandhi on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti on Tuesday. A procession by schoolchildren from Dr BR Ambedkar Circle to Town Hall marked the beginning of Gandhi Jayanti celebrations organized by the Dakshina Kannada district unit of Bharath Seva Dal (BSD).N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker, said people should change their mindset to create a 'Ramarajya', which was Gandhiji's vision.\"It is unfortunate that even after 65 years of Indian Independence, the dreams of Mahatma still remains unrealized. Younger generation should take the lead role to bring changes in the society and to inculcate the values of Gandhian philosophy,\" he added.Brigadier (Retd) IN Rai said that safety, honour and welfare of the nation should be given priority.\"It is the safety of the nation that is more important than our personal comfort. Happiness depends on what you think, when you think and the manner in which you think. It depends on our speech and action,\" he said and called upon younger generation to join armed forces and serve for the nation.BSD members felicitated Brigadier IN Rai, who served the Indian Army, on the occasion. Rai, who completed graduation from St Aloysius College in 1968, had joined the Sikh Light Infantry as Second Lieutenant in 1970. He actively took part in the war at Amritsar sector in Lahore in 1971.Rai, who fought against the Naga movement, served as a trainer at the officials training centre between 1986 and 1988 after serving in Chupul and Ladakh. Later, he served in the Indian Peace Keeping Force in Sri Lanka, Allahabad Regiment and also worked as the commander at the Indian Military Academy, Dehradun.Yogish Bhat, NS Channappa Gowda, deputy commissioner, Manish Kharbikar, city police commissioner, KN Vijayaprakash, CEO, Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat, Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, president, DK District Kannada Sahitya Parishat, B Nagaraj Shetty, former chairman, Coastal Development Authority were among others who honoured Rai after garlanding the statue of Mahatma Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16646901", "title": "Fewer girls, poor infrastructure plague Rajasthan schools", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when the state is \"focussed\" to restructure the skewed sex ratio and improve its image as far as the girl child is concerned, a recent survey puts the state in more bad light.Decrease in the enrolment of girl students, absence of separate toilets for them, non-existent computer education facilities and poorly maintained records are plaguing schools in the state.The post enumeration survey (PES), an independent study conducted by the Directorate of Economics and Statistics for the academic session 2010-11, has brought these anomalies to the fore. The study was conducted taking three districts Churu, Dungarpur and Jhalawar as a sample covering around 401 schools.However in some indicators Rajasthan's performance is praiseworthy.The mid-day meal is one such area where state performs fairly good.The data revealed that, the total number of girls enrolled per 1,000 boys, in the three districts has decreased from 857 in 2009-10 to 538 in 2010-11. The percentage decrease, in girls' enrollment per 1,000 boys, is highest in Churu district at 37.28%.The overall enrollments of students have also seen a dip with total enrollment upto upper primary in 2010-11 was 43,141 compared to 44,392 in the year 2009-10 for the same category.The study also reflects the poor status of separate toilet facilities for the girls. Out of the total sample of 401 schools, 25% government and 29% private schools lacks girls' toilets.The scenario is even worse in regard to separate toilets for staff. Total 78% government and 59% private schools do not have separate toilet facility for teachers and other staff in the sample survey.Dismal state of computer education in the state also remains an area of major concern. From the survey it was emerged that in 82% government schools computer education is not available. Private schools too are not lagging behind with 58% among the surveyed have no computer facility for the students. The post enumeration survey is an independent survey that replicates a census. The survey and the census results are then compared and results are used to measure the coverage and errors in content of the census. PES for the year 2010-11 was conducted by the Directorate of Economics and Statistics and its result were compared with the data of district information system for education (DISE).The numbers of the schools taken in the survey were 5% of sample of the schools covered by DISE.The DISE and PES data have been compared on some indicators of school management, enrolment, pupil teacher ratio and availability of certain facilities. It is observed that there is a significant variation between the two sets of data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16648727", "title": "Para teachers lay siege to HRD minister's house", "text": "RANCHI: More than 1,000 para teachers and primary teachers gheraoed the official residence of state HRD minister Baidyanath Ram on Tuesday protesting against not-fulfilment of their demands.The para teachers have been on strike since August 28 demanding implementation of para teachers' service rule, increase in their remuneration and retirement age. A committee has been made by the government to look into the matter and submit a report, but now the protesters are questioning the committee itself.Chairperson of the Jharkhand Para Teachers' Association Sanjay Dubey said, \"It has been more than 20 days that the committee has been formed but still the report has not been submitted. I think they are just not interested in fulfilling our demands so the procedure is being delayed.\"He said, \"We will make the protest fierce now and will gherao the residences of the chief minister and the deputy CM soon. Also all the para teachers of state will protest in front of Raj Bhavan on October 25.\"Primary teachers of the state, who were also demonstrating at the minister's house, took out a procession on 450 motorcycles in the morning before going to the minister's place. Their major demands include framing a new promotion policy, increasing the retirement age and appointment of principals in the 87% vacant posts. Ranchi district general secretary of All Jharkhand Primary Teachers' Association Devi Prasad, said, \"We have spoken to the department secretary many times about our demands but it has never been successful. If we are not heard, we will go on a strike for uncertain period.\"Minister Ram said the government was looking into the matter and the para teachers should have faith and patience. \"The government is serious about their demands and the committee is working on it. Nothing can be done before the report is submitted. Keeping the students' welfare in mind, the para teachers should return to work,\" he said.Ram also said the demands of the primary teachers would also be heard and all possible actions would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648329", "title": "Upbeat, Chandigarh readies for mini Olympics", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Comprising the most exciting sporting dance events such as sports salsa, sports hip hop, among other conventional sports, Chandigarh is all set to host a grand sporting extravaganza Mini Olympics 2012. With over 10,000 students, 200 participating schools from the Tricity and the region and 24 games, the event is slated to be first of its kind for school students.With an aim to bring all schools on a common platform while engaging students in inter-school sporting, the event was ideated by Schoolz World, an organization that conducts inter-school events in the region, along with Indo Global Colleges.School students seldom get a chance to step out of their institution and check their level of performance. There has been surprisingly large participation from all schools, said Vikas Dahiya, director of Schoolz World.Stating how the city lacked a common platform for football , hockey, basketball, cricket, badminton , tennis and other sports till now, educationists point to the significance of the event. There was a need to bring students to a common platform and perhaps, this huge participation for sporting events has never happened before, said Manav Singla, CEO Indo Global Colleges. Chandigarh Olympics Association has tied up for this event and the venue will be Sector-42 hockey stadium, for most events.Students energy needs to be harnessed to ensure they can use their potential to the very best, said Ravinder Talwar, secretary, DAV Management Committee, who is also the general secretary of the Chandigarh Olympics Association.Big ExcitementSchedule: October 8-12 Opening ceremony: Sector 42 hockey stadium at 6pm Closing ceremony: Sector 42 stadium, at 4pm Torch Relay: Starts on October 4 from Sacred Heart School in Sector 26, at 9am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16649522", "title": "Bangalore civic body needs a foolproof plan for garbage disposal", "text": "The meagre 20% success rate of the BBMP's garbage drive on the first day should make the civic body realize the drawbacks. The civic body should have ensured proper ground support in place before it pushed ahead with its plan. There is little awareness among the people and pourakarmikas. Many civic workers are neither trained nor properly equipped to collect wet waste in their pushcarts. Segregation at source is bound to catch on with the masses, but BBMP also needs a foolproof plan for disposal, with landfill villages rising in protest again.Related story:  Citizens still cold to waste drive", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646791", "title": "School ousts autistic kid, parents move rights panel", "text": "MUMBAI: The parents of a seven-year-old autistic boy are awaiting the order of the Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR), which they had moved after Jamnabai Narsee School in Juhu had asked them to transfer their child to some other institute. Meanwhile, a BMC official on Tuesday said the civic body's education department had asked the school to readmit the child if his parents were ready to provide for a shadow teacher.As the primary section of any school in the city falls within the BMC's jurisdiction, the panel had asked the civic body's education department to review the matter. \"After hearing out both sides, we filed an affidavit before the child rights commission stating that the child should be readmitted,\" the official said.The BMC affidavit, filed on September 18, has observed that under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, no school can expel a child even if there is continuous absenteeism, till the completion of elementary education. \"The parents were ready to pay for the shadow teacher as well,\" the official said. A shadow teacher is a special educator who helps an autistic child in his/her studies.The child has been studying in the school since 2007. On July 6, the school authorities issued a letter to the parents of the child asking them to complete the formalities to get his transfer certificate. The school also claimed that it had pooled in resources to help the child \"meet the challenges of regular school life\". However, the authorities argued, his condition worsened over the past two years due to his \"inability to express his needs to the teacher\". Then, on July 10, the parents got another letter saying the school would be forced to send the boy home if they failed to meet the principal.The parents, in their application filed with the MSCPCR through advocate Pradeep Havnur, said: \"If the school and the management were so sensitive and cognizant to the problems faced by children in schooling, they would not have issued the letter dated July 6'.On Tuesday, the parents as well as the school authorities refused to comment on the issue saying it was sub-judice.Sources, meanwhile, said there were four more autistic children studying in the school.Asked about the matter, Harish Shetty senior psychiatrist at L H Hiranandani Hospital, said: \"The behaviour of a child does not matter; the school should have the willingness to take care of such children. There are a few schools that are doing it, and not out of any fear of the RTE Act. They have been doing it for years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16648213", "title": "Businessman booked for murder in family suicide bid", "text": "SURAT: The father of two children, who were found dead on Monday along with their mother in a tragic family suicide bid in which only the former was lucky to survive, has been booked for the murder of the kids.Ajit Patel, a powerloom owner, living in Aakash Enclave of Bamroli, was facing a financial crisis. Thus he and his wife Sangeeta first allegedly strangled their two children Kavya, 6, and Sneh, 4, to death. The couple then hanged themselves too from the ceiling fan hook of their flat. His wife died but he survived, police said.\"We will take him into custody once he is discharged from the hospital and record his statement. Preliminary postmortem report indicates the cause of children's death to be strangulation. We have booked him for murder and also framed other charges against him under IPC sections 302, 306 and 309,\" said police inspector CK Patel.\"Nobody has the right to kill anyone, not even your own children,\" said Vidhi Chaudhary, assistant commissioner of police.Patel originally hails from Mehsana. He had lost money in business and was under debt of Rs 35 lakh. He had mentioned about the debt in his suicide note. Police found his wife's body under the cot and that of his children on it. He was lying unconscious on his bedroom's floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647474", "title": "Bus stations planned to connect elevated BRT with Metro stations", "text": "NEW DELHI: To ensure smooth passenger movement between the proposed elevated BRT and metro stations close to it, a proposal to make \"terminal bus stations\" on both ends of BRT corridor has been floated by RITES - a transport and infrastructure consultancy.This proposed elevated BRT will be constructed from Dwarka to Baprola making travel to upcoming Knowledge Based Industry (KBI) at Baprola easier.\"If cleared, the proposal will minimize unnecessary walking distance and cross-flows between incoming and outgoing passengers. The corridor from Dwarka Metro station to KBI Park will be taken up in Phase I. The corridor may be extended up to Mundka in Phase II,\" said a senior officer.The proposal, currently under review by DSIIDC, aims at constructing bus platforms at Dwarka Mor and Mundka Metro stations.Going by its details the terminal bus station will have a 100m long bus platform that can park five buses at a time to cater to passengers during peak hours. It will also have a concourse area comprising ticket and token section.\"The concourse area will also have lifts for elderly and physically challenged persons. A special dedicated path with tactile flooring has also been planned for visually impaired persons,\" reads the proposal submitted by RITES to DSIIDC.Sources said about 3.50 hectares land is proposed for construction of these depots. \"At the time of construction, depending upon the need, area requirements, location and size can be reassessed and temporary land acquisitions can be made accordingly,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16653635", "title": "India move up to second T20 ranking table", "text": "COLOMBO: India might have failed to qualify for the semi-finals of the ongoing ICC World Twenty20, but four wins out of five matches have pushed the Mahendra Singh Dhoni-led side up by one place to the second spot in the latest T20 International team rankings, released on Wednesday.India now trail Sri Lanka (129) by nine points and are followed by Pakistan (118) and England (118).South Africa has lost its number-one position in the championship table after failing to qualify for the semi-finals.Virat Kohli's good run catapulted him to the 10th position with a jump of nine places. The young Delhi batsman scored 185 in five matches and is fourth highest run-getter among all batsmen so far.Among bowlers, Harbhajan Singh dropped out of top-20 as he slipped to 23rd with a loss of six places. R Ashwin zoomed to 25th spot after gaining 17 places.Australia's Shane Watson continued to make an upward movement with his all-round exploits as he moved up one place to second in the T20 rankings for batsmen after becoming the highest run-getter in the tournament to date with 242 runs.He is also the leading wicket-taker in the event with 11 wickets and this effort has helped him move up a place to sixth in the rankings for bowlers.A combined effort with the bat and ball ensures that he remains the number-one ranked all-rounder in the world in this format.New Zealand wicket-keeper batsman Brendon McCullum has retained his number-one batting spot but Chris Gayle has slipped down a place to third, while Sri Lanka captain Mahela Jayawardene has moved up three places to fourth.Tillakaratne Dilshan and Eoin Morgan have moved up to share seventh position. The Sri Lanka opener has gained three places while the Englishman has climbed four positions.Other batsmen to make upward movements include Umar Akmal in 15th (up by two), while Mike Hussey has broken into the top 20 for the first time, moving up four places to 19th.Among the batsmen to move downwards in the top 20 are David Warner in sixth (down by two), Kumar Sangakkara in ninth (down by one), Martin Guptill in 10th (down by four), Jacques Kallis in 14th (down by five) and Yuvraj Singh in 17th (down by two).There is no change in the top three positions in the T20I Rankings for bowlers headed by Pakistan's Saeed Ajmal , with England off-spinner Graeme Swann in second position and Sri Lanka's Ajantha Mendis in third.The bowlers to lose ground include Johan Botha in fifth (down by one), Shahid Afridi in seventh (down by two), Daniel Vettori in 14th (down by one), Morne Morkel in 15th (down by three) and Tim Southee in 17th (down by one).In the all-rounders' list, Shakib Al Hasan has moved up a place to fourth. Chris Gayle is now fifth (up by two), while Yuvraj in eighth (up by three) has moved into the top 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647644", "title": "The Banyan founder gets international award", "text": "CHENNAI: In January 1993, when she saw a mentally ill woman wandering on the city roads, Vandana Gopikumar wanted to make a significant difference to her life. She and her friend Vaishnavi Jayakumar searched for a place where she could be treated and reunited with the family. Thus began an effort to set up The Banyan, a home for the mentally ill, destitute women. The home, now a psychiatric institute, has rescued and rehabilitated more than 900 women.On Tuesday, Swiss Foundation bestowed Vandana Gopikumar with an 'Outstanding achievement in the field of mental health care' award in collaboration with the World Health Organisation . The award is given to a person whose efforts have led to a significant improvement of the provision of health care for people with mental illness. In 2013, The Banyan will launch a postgraduate course in psychiatry along with Tata Institute of Social Sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16648707", "title": "All Jharkhand Students Union to contest all assembly seats", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The All Jharkhand Students Union (Ajsu) Party has begun roping in youths from across the state with a view to broadening its political base in the state.Stating this at a press conference here on Tuesday, minister for labour and technology Chandra Prakash Choudhury said keeping the 2014 Lok Sabha elections in mind, the Ajsu Party had decided, in principle, to contest all the 81 assembly and 14 Lok Sabha seats in Jharkhand to broaden its base not only in the state but also in the national level.Choudhury said the Ajsu Party workers had begun wooing the youths to join the party as it intended to form the next government in the state under the leadership of party supremo and state deputy CM Sudesh Kumar Mahto.In reply to a question, he said the present political situation created following the withdrawal of the support by several of its allies, the UPA may hold the next Lok Saba polls sometime in April-May next year. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649187", "title": "Nagpur University cancels admission of ineligible MCA students", "text": "NAGPUR: In a display of decisive, albeit delayed, action, the new team at Nagpur University's exam section led by pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke cancelled the admission of as many as 10 students who were found ineligible for admission the MCA course. Renowned colleges like Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering, GH Raisoni College, and Wardha's Agnihotri College had admitted these students by charging fees of over Rs 70,000 although the students did not meet the minimum eligibility criterion. TOI had first exposed this issue on July 28, reporting as to how these colleges run by politicians and education barons had admitted such students since two years.NU not only cancelled admissions of these students but also annulled their third and forth semester MCA exam results after TOI ran a series of reports. Although Yenkie did not answer phone calls, Ramteke confirmed the development to TOI stating that they had already issued letters to colleges in this regard. \"We have found about 10-12 students who were illegally admitted by flouting Ordinance No 16 of 2009 that clearly mentioned that a student should score at least 50% aggregate marks in graduation for securing admission to MCA course. These students did not meet the criterion. It was the duty of principals to ensure that such ineligible students were not admitted, but they failed to adhere to it,\" he said.NU sources said Ramteke and Yenkie had recommended strict disciplinary action against principals of the erring colleges. However, sources added, the university may not act firmly against the institutions as they are owned by political heavyweights and education barons.Admission dean at Ramdeobaba College T Singh confirmed that they had received NU's letter and they had issued notices to five students to withdraw their admissions. NU had also advised the colleges to ensure that these 'ineligible' students should be admitted in other courses as per their eligibility. But Singh blamed NU for the delay, disclosing that they had received university's letter on September 28 at 4pm and last date of admission was September 29. \"How can they expect that everything will be done in a day? We too have to follow the procedures,\" he said.After the scam was unearthed by TOI, NU had served notices to 19 colleges on July 30 asking them to give a list of all 'ineligible' candidates directly admitted to second year after completing their Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science and Application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16649020", "title": "Recently-wed woman found hanging, brother suspects murder", "text": "PONDA: Chhaya Renukant Naik, 37, of Aksanwada-Shiroda was found hanging at her home on Tuesday. She was married four months ago and her brother, Santosh Chimno Naik, has petitioned the sub-divisional magistrate that he suspects murder.Police said the EMRI ambulance summoned to the house tipped them off. Chhaya was found hanging from a sari tied to a wooden rafter of her room. Her body has been preserved at the GMC morgue where an autopsy will be conducted on Wednesday.While police have registered the case as an 'unnatural death' under CrPC Section 174, since the death occurred within seven years of marriage, the case has been referred to SDM Johnson Fernandes for investigation.A large crowd of locals from Chhaya's maiden village, Agapur-Ponda, were seen at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16648685", "title": "He's falsely implicated: Arrested Briton's wife", "text": "JALANDHAR: Following the arrest of UK citizen Jaswant Singh Azad by Jalandhar police, claiming that he was involved in funding terrorist modules and sleeper cells during his multiple visits to India, his wife Jasreigh Kaur has alleged that he had been falsely implicated and that he had visited India to build a house in Duhre village. She said Jaswant had gone there on multiple occasions to oversee the building work.She has also informed the UK embassy about the arrest of her husband and sought its intervention.While police had suggested that he was funding the modules, Jasreigh, during a phone call and then in a written statement from UK, said they still live over a shop they had been running for over 25 years. \"Rather than some millionaire, who had the capability and funds to fund terrorists, my 60-year-old husband still works in our shop seven days a week,\" she said.As police claimed that an Italy-made pistol was also recovered from him, Jasreigh said \"My husband has never possessed any fire firearms, and would have absolutely no knowledge to hold a gun correctly, never mind how to load it. The suggestion that he oversaw and organised terrorist sleeper groups is actually laughable. I take care of household bills as my husband is not known to be the most organised man around,' she said.About the police claim that he had a number of bank accounts, she said, \"My husband does have a number of bank accounts, which he had opened as savings for my children and for our future retirements in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16649209", "title": "Patna remembers Gandhi, Shastri", "text": "PATNA: Rich tributes were paid to Mahatma Gandhi and former prime minister Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary in Patna on Tuesday.The state function was organized at Gandhi Maidan where governor Devanand Konwar, CM Nitish Kumar, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and former CM Jagannath Mishra paid floral tributes to Gandhi. Transport minister Brishen Patel, agriculture minister Narendra Singh, former minister Ramnath Thakur and deputy chairperson of state child labour commission Anita Sinha were among the dignitaries present on the occasion.The CM, governor, water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, MLA Poonam Devi and MLC Ganga Prasad paid floral tributes to Shastri at Shastri Nagar Park.The state unit of JD(U) organized a function at its party office to pay tributes to Mahatma Gandhi. Party's state unit president Vashisht Narayan Singh, MP Ramchandra Prasad Singh, MLA Arun Manjhi, MLCs Rudal Rai and Niraj Kumar and Valmiki Singh were present on the occasion. Paying tributes to Shastri at a function in Patel Nagar, former organisational secretary of Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee, Ajay Kumar, said he was a man of principles who left an indelible mark during his short tenure as prime minister.A function was also organized Bapu Smarak Mahila Charkha Sangh at Bapu Smarak. Paying tributes to the two great leaders, its secretary, Sidharth Sharan, said Gandhi's principles are followed worldwide and added Shastri inculcated confidence in people after winning the 1965 war.Danapur DRM L M Jha on Tuesday garlanded a statue of Mahatma Gandhi at a simple function held on the DRM's office premises. Railway officials and employees also participated in the function to observe Gandhi Jayanti.The National Service Scheme unit of A N College, led by programme officer Poornima Shekhar Singh, organised a cleanliness drive to spread the message of clean environment and neighbourhood, in the campus to mark Gandhi Jayanti. Volunteers also formed a human chain to show solidarity and spread awareness about the ideals and messages of Mahatma Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648780", "title": "Detailed project report for Bhopal, Indore metro rail gets Centre's nod", "text": "BHOPAL: Centre has given in-principle approval for preparing a detailed project report (DPR) for starting metro rail services in Bhopal and Indore cities, informed urban administration minister Babulal gaur while addressing a press conference here on Tuesday.Gaur said that the DPR will be prepared within the next six months and the cost for the same would be borne 50:50 by the Centre and the state. A sum of about Rs 6 to 7 crore would be required for preparing the the DPR, he added.\"The total length of metro will be 28.5 km in Bhopal and for Indore it will be 33 km,\" he said. The estimated cost for implementing the metro rail project is around Rs 6,000 crore in Bhopal and about Rs 7,500 crore in Indore, the minister said, adding that the feasibility survey for the two projects was done by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) Limited.The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Limited has already conducted the feasibility survey for developing metros here, he said.The urban administration department will float a tender to select a company for preparing the DPR for the two cities, he said.Gaur also said that the Centre has also asked for a DPR for Narmada Water Purification scheme. He said that it will be a Rs 1,066 crore project and will be divided into two phases.The first phase will be worth Rs 578 crore and will cover 24 cities. The second phase will be of Rs 487 crore covering 29 cities.\"The centre will be contributing 70% of the total amount while the remaining 30% cost will be borne by the state government. Currently, Rs 115.38 crore has been sanctioned by the Centre for 14 cities under the national river water conservation scheme, of which the centre has already sanctioned Rs 85 crore to the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647818", "title": "Rally for a noble cause", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras School of Social Work will conduct a rally at the Marina on Thursday for 'improving accessibility for differently-abled in public places. The rally will start at 7am at the Gandhi statue and end at the Thiruvallur statue, a release said. P Simmachandran, secretary of the Tamil Nadu Handicapped Federation, Dr V A Vijayaraghavan and Dr S Raja Samuel will participate along with hundreds of students and teachers. The rally is aimed at highlighting the importance of improving accessibility for differently-abled people across the city mainly in public areas such as theatres, parks, subways, and railway stations, the realese added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16647410", "title": "Number one TOI widens lead over rivals across India", "text": "The newspaper you are holding in your hands is not only India's most widely read English daily but is steadily widening the gap between itself and all other newspapers. The latest Indian Readership Survey (IRS) for the second quarter of 2012 tells the same story.The survey, released late on Monday night, shows that The Times of India's all-India average issue readership is 7.6 million, which is more than twice that of the No. 2, Hindustan Times.Other newspapers like The Hindu and The Telegraph are way, way behind. In the second quarter of 2012, TOI stretched its lead over HT to over 3.9 million, and over The Hindu to 5.4 million.Kolkata-based The Telegraph was 6.4 million readers behind the leader, says the IRS data.A city-wise analysis of the readership data shows that TOI has consolidated its leadership where it was already No. 1 and closed the gap with the leader in most places where it was second.In Mumbai, TOI remains the leader with 1.6 million readers, more than double the readership for HT, while Mumbai Mirror is in the third spot with just 1,000 fewer readers than HT. In Delhi, TOI has grown by 1% (or by 16,000 readers) in a period where most others have shrunk. HT, for instance, has actually registered a negative growth of 1% (minus 18,000 readers), while third placed Mail Today has barely one-tenth the readership of the two market leaders.In Bangalore, TOI's leadership remains unchallenged with a readership of 5.4 lakh. Not just that, it has widened the lead over its nearest competitor, Deccan Herald, in this period by adding 7,000 readers while Deccan Herald has lost 11,000.In the three other metros, Kolkata, Chennai and Hyderabad, TOI has consolidated its No.2 position. In Kolkata, with 5.4 lakh readers, the newspaper has a readership more than four times the size of third placed Statesman. In Hyderabad, it has maintained a comfortable lead over the Hindu. In Chennai, TOI is gathering momentum \u2014 it has closed the gap with The Hindu by gaining 4,000 readers at a time when The Hindu has lost 9,000 readers.In Pune, with 2.1 lakh readers, TOI not only leads but is about five times the size of DNA in second spot. Similarly, in Ahmedabad, with 1.3 lakh readers, TOI is nearly twice the size of its sister publication Ahmedabad Mirror and almost seven times as big as DNA.In Jaipur, Lucknow and Kanpur, TOI is comfortably the leader. In fact, in Jaipur it is three-times the size of second placed DNA and in Lucknow and Kanpur, second placed HT has barely a quarter of the TOI's readership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16649022", "title": "Recently-wed woman found hanging, bro suspects murder", "text": "PONDA: Chhaya Renukant Naik, 37, of Aksanwada-Shiroda was found hanging at her home on Tuesday. She was married four months ago and her brother, Santosh Chimno Naik, has petitioned the sub-divisional magistrate that he suspects murder.Police said the EMRI ambulance summoned to the house tipped them off. Chhaya was found hanging from a sari tied to a wooden rafter of her room. Her body has been preserved at the GMC morgue where an autopsy will be conducted on Wednesday.While police have registered the case as an 'unnatural death' under CrPC Section 174, since the death occurred within seven years of marriage, the case has been referred to SDM Johnson Fernandes for investigation.A large crowd of locals from Chhaya's maiden village, Agapur-Ponda, were seen at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16647933", "title": "\u2018Expired\u2019 LPG cylinders fuel risk factor in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Several cooking gas cylinders in circulation across Cuttack-Bhubaneswar are well beyond their shelf life, posing serious questions about their safety.A random check at various houses revealed that many cylinders had due inspection year mentioned as 2010 and 2011 but are still in circulation. Sources estimate at least 10% of LPG cylinders in circulation are past their expiry dates.Many domestic users don't know about the due safety checking dates mentioned in the inner side of one of the top three bars of the cylinders. A dateline preceded by alphabets A, B, C, D is mentioned on the cylinder bars, for example A/2012. A cylinder mentioning A/2012 is safe till the first quarter of 2012. It should undergo scrutiny by the maintenance agencies assigned by the oil companies for safety after that and the new date should be revised accordingly.\"The companies were not very strict about these dates because they know that these cylinders were more or less safe months after the due dates elapse,\" said a distributor.On record, however, distributors said the number of expired cylinders would be very negligible. \"When these cylinders go to refill plant, they undergo checking. If the dates are overdue, these are sent for maintenance. However, some may still make their way in the market because of the volume of work, but their number is not very high,\" said Pramod Panda, an LPG distributor in the city. Some of the expired cylinders may be in circulation in the grey market , he added.Distributors said whenever they detect expired cylinders they return it to the companies. \"If we come across such cylinders, we send it back to the companies. But still some may land in kitchens,\" said Biswanth Mukherjee, general secretary of All Odisha LPG Distributors' Association.Representatives of oil companies said they follow a very strict safety standard. \"There is no question that any cylinder past its due checking date will go out of the filling plant. We check all cylinders during refilling,\" said Abhimanyu Das, plant manager of an oil company here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16649337", "title": "Raunchy freshers\u2019 party creates ruckus at M S University", "text": "VADODARA: The saffron brigade which usually makes much hue and cry on moral values has been caught on the wrong foot at M S University. Students at MSU's Polytechnic College hostel campus witnessed dancers performing to the tunes of an orchestra on Monday night when a welcome party with a music programme was organized for freshers.Dancers performed on raunchy numbers including 'Munni Badnam Hui' and 'Pal Pal Na Mane Tinku Jiya..Isak Ka Manjan Ghisey Hai Piya' in front of hundreds of students in the educational campus and that too at the R T Hall named after Rabindranath Tagore.Ironically, the banner on the stage where the item songs were being performed prominently displayed the programme's name\u2014Gitanjali, Tagore's best-known work.Warden of R T Hall Ashish Guruji has blamed leaders linked with Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) for calling dancers to the musical programme. ABVP leaders on their part have blamed Guruji for the sudden appearance of the dancers on the terrace of the hall.Interestingly, ABVP has alleged that the warden, who has been appointed by its rival camp the BJP-RSS group, himself signed the cheque for roping in the local orchestra.The welcome party had begun at around 8 pm on Monday night in the presence of chief warden of Halls of Residence professor P S Choondawat. But dancers appeared on the terrace of the hall at around 9.30 pm.\"When I intervened to stop the dancers, ABVP leaders threatened me that they will wrongly implicate me for calling the dancers to the programme,\" Guruji said.\"I had left after the inauguration ceremony. Later the warden called me up to inform that some girls had started dancing on the stage. I told him to stop the function if he found anything going against the rules,\" Choondawat told TOI on Tuesday.But ABVP-linked student leaders have a different story to tell. MSU students union general secretary Jayesh Balai and his supporters claimed that the warden had forcibly collected Rs 50 from each of the students to organize the programme at R T Hall.\"The warden threatened the students that he will fail all those who do not pay Rs 50. When we reached the terrace, the party had started with national songs being played by the orchestra. But later Guruji asked the orchestra to play vulgar songs,\" Balai alleged, adding that when the group of students intervened to stop the programme, they were threatened by the warden.A group of 200 students of R T Hall have signed a memorandum alleging that the warden used abusive language to threaten the students regarding which a complaint has been submitted at Fatehgunj police station. They have also threatened to launch a stir if action is not taken against the warden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16648843", "title": "Labourers to protest non-payment of wages under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act", "text": "INDORE: More than 3,000 women and children will protest in front of the Barwani block office against the delay in payment under MGNREGS (Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act). The agitation - Mahapadav - will be organized under the aegis of Jagrut Adivasi Dalit Sanghatna.\"The payment to the labourers for their work under NREGS is being delayed by about a year,\" Madhuri of Jagrut Adivasi Dalit Sanghatan said, adding that there has been a consistent delay. She said Barwani is one among the 100 most backward areas in the country.\"The delay in payment is violation of the NREGS norms and Supreme Court directives,\" said Madhuri adding that the payment should be given to the labourers within 14 days of finishing the work. She added that the Supreme Court had also directed for compensation in case of delay.\"We are ready for the court arrest but would not relent unless the state government gives us some assurance on the payment of salaries to the labourers,\" Madhuri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16648105", "title": "IGNOU symposium on sustainable development begins in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Keeping up with the mandate of the Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) to put forward sustainable development models for the northeast, an international symposium titled 'Global Initiative for Sustainability and Human Development: Envisioning the Planetary Future' kicked off in the city from Monday. The symposium was organised by the North East Centre for Research and Development (NECRD) of the university.Speaking at the inaugural programme of the three-day symposium, state power and industries minister Pradyut Bordoloi said, \"Northeast India ranks among the top 25 global biodiversity hotspots in the world. Imperatives for conservation and sustainability need to be taken into consideration while discussing developmental issues of the region,\" Bordoloi said.He noted that issues like demographic changes in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area need to be given special attention as they're leading to conflicts over the past two decades.Martin Sanchez-Jankowski, director of Institute for the Study of Societal Issues (ISSI), Berkeley, US, expressed willingness to work with Indian institutions carrying out research in sustainable development. He added that ISSI will put forward the recommendations of the symposium to western world.Deputy director, NECRD, Sujata Dutta Hazarika said, \"The aim of the international symposium programme is to sort out a global framework sustainable development. India is a country of young people. They can be converted into a blessing or a burden for the society, depending on the utilization of their potential.\"P P Shrivastav, member of the North Eastern Council (NEC), laid stress on prioritizing renewable resources of energy over the non-renewable resources.D S Bhattcharjee, professor of IGNOU, Guwahati, Gautam Barua, director of IIT, Guwahati, Om Prakash Mishra, professor of international relations, Jadavpur University, and Dipak Chakravarty, chairman and managing director, Numaligarh Refinery Ltd, also deliberated in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hoshiarpur", "code": "16648695", "title": "Attack on Gen Brar: Capt blames Badal for 'creating situation'", "text": "HOSHIARPUR: Capt Amarinder Singh on Tuesday condemned the murderous attack on Lt Gen Kuldeep Singh Brar in London.The Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee president blamed Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal for creating such a situation by establishing memorials like the one on Operation Bluestar, which he said would not allow old wounds to heal.\"Reports coming out of London indicate that those who attacked Gen Brar were young and might not have even been born at the time of Operation Bluestar. They must have got provoked and inflamed by the provocative acts of Badal by way of setting up a memorial to Operation Bluestar,\" Amarinder Singh said here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647321", "title": "Unity key to solve crisis: Kolkata Port Trust boss", "text": "KOLKATA: Ahead of Wednesday's meeting with stakeholders, Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) chairman Manish Jain appealed to them to restore normalcy at the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC). For nearly a fortnight now, the situation at HDC has turned volatile, resulting in loss of revenue for the port and delay for shippers. Many port users have already decided to get their consignments unloaded at other ports.\"There has been a downward trend in cargo handling along the entire Indian coastline, especially the major ports which handle dry bulk cargo. While HDC has recorded a 12% decline vis-a-vis the corresponding period of the previous year, Paradip has slid by 13%. Vizag has recorded a negative growth of 15.5% and at Marmagao, this has been over 20%. While this has been the trend at all ports, the question we need to ask is what caused the sudden eruption of incidents at HDC that proved detrimental to smooth port operations,\" Jain stated in his appeal.In its fresh appeal, the KoPT has urged stakeholders to desist from creating impediments in the path of the management that is trying to work out a solution to what it calls a 'socio-economic-politico-administrative' problem.\"We (the KoPT staff and management) need to look into cutting down expenses. We also need to explore &amp; augment other sources of revenue. We should also look into the feasibility of curtailing expenses by means voluntarily suggested by the employees and officers. This will help us to tide over the prevailing recession. This may also send appropriate message to other stakeholders to stand united at this time,\" the appeal stated.The trouble started at the end of August this year after Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd, which has been in charge of mechanized handling at berths 2 and 8 at HDC since 2010, threatened to suspend operations unless KoPT assured them more cargo. An effort was made to sort out the issue, with the KoPT Board of Trustees agreeing to take steps to send in more ships to berths 2 and 8. Even as things started looking up, HBT announced its decision to retrench 275 workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647332", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to upgrade skills of civic staff", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has started a project to upgrade skills of its employees. The PCMC says it will help in better planning and execution of civic works and services.Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said the civic body has prepared a detailed report for the plan which is mandatory under the JNNURM. The report was sent to the state government and later forwarded to the Union government which has approved it. The PCMC will spend Rs 5 crore on the project to be implemented in two phases.As part of the project, civic employees will be directed to conduct case studies. The courses will be held at Yashwantrao Chavan Academy of Development (Yashada), Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI), Hyderabad; All India Local Self Government Bodies and other reputed organizations in the country.\"All employees will get an opportunity to get training and upgrade their skills. Last month we conducted a workshop for conservancy staff who were taught the importance of personal cleanliness, healthy lifestyle, and shunning bad habits. We also held a workshop for deputy and junior engineers about the unauthorized constructions to create awareness about them and the reasons for which they need to be prevented for a planned development of the city. RTI sessions were also held,\" Kadam said. He added that training will be imparted for use of information and technology tools, and e-governance. A separate cell has been started for the training project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648785", "title": "Kids eat Jatropha seeds, taken ill", "text": "BHOPAL: About a dozen children from the Bagh Sewania area were admitted to J P hospital here on Tuesday after they consumed 'ratanjot' (Jatropha curcus) seed mistaking it for cashew nuts. The condition of two children is critical, while the other 10 are likely to be discharged, J P hospital officials said.According to reports, the incident took place in the afternoon on Wednesday. \"It was only after treatment by a local doctor failed that 108 ambulance service was called and the children were brought to the hospital,\" said a doctor. Two ambulances were pressed into service and the children were admitted to the paediatrics ward after they reported nausea and vomiting.All the children are aged between 11-13 years. Hospital sources said that the two critical children may be transferred to Hamidia hospital if their condition does not improve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16649171", "title": "FBI, MI5 plotted drug sting to ruin Rolling Stones, says book", "text": "LONDON: A new biography of Mick Jagger has claimed that secret service spies plotted to ruin the 'Rolling Stones' with a drug sting in order to stop the band from touring the US and corrupting their youth.The explosive biography by Philip Norman says the FBI asked MI5 to enlist hippie Acid King Dave, real name David Snyderman, to supply the band drugs, reported Daily Mail. Norman, quoting British film agent Maggie Abbott, said Snyderman was caught with drugs in his luggage at the Heathrow Airport and expected to be thrown into jail and instantly deported.Instead, British Customs handed him over to some \"heavy people\" who hinted they belonged to MI5 and told him there was \"a way out\" of his predicament. This was to infiltrate the Rolling Stones , supply Mick Jagger and Keith Richards with drugs, and then get them busted.Snyderman's tip-off resulted in the Redlands Drug Bust at Keith Richards house in West Wittering, Sussex, in 1967. Richards and Jagger were both found guilty but freed on appeal and went on to tour the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651818", "title": "Is Veena toeing Bollywood actor Priyanka Chopra's line?", "text": "Bollywood's sizzling actress Veena Malik has now turned international pop singer after she launched her first single album Drama Queen.The starlet came for the press conference in a sizzling red bridal dress. Seems like she is ready for her Band Baja Baraat and she even interacted with media about the married life. Sources indicate that Veena who has never been seen in a bridal outfit before is hinting at her impending marriage.The launch of the album saw a sizzling performance by Veena. And she switched from the shaadi ka joda to a white miniskirt. The starlet sang a song from her album and looked very zesty.Speaking about her album, she said, \" It's a very special day for me, my first single album Drama Queen is launched and I am the real Drama Queen and I think this title suits me well\". The controversial courting starlet even went on to add that she is the only drama queen ever. \"I am going to beat every drama queen in Hollywood and Bollywood to be on the top of all,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646324", "title": "For cops, Telangana leaders absconding", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city police once again declared Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) leaders M Kodandaram, Swamy Goud and others as absconding in the several criminal cases registered in various police stations in connection with the Telangana march till Tuesday. After the earlier Million March too, several prominent leaders including Kodandaram, Telangana Rastra Samithi president K Chandrasekhar Rao were declared as absconding. This, despite the fact that these leaders were very much around and could easily be arrested if the police chose to.City police said that out of the total 32 cases registered in Ramgopalpet and Saifabad police stations, Kodandaram, Swamy Goud, Srinivas Goud and Vimalakka were named accused in 10 cases. In all these cases the four accused were shown as absconding.In connection with the violence at Necklace Road, police registered cases under 147(punishment for rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 149 (unlawful assembly), 435 (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage to an amount of one hundred) of the Indian Penal Code and Section 3, 4 of PDPP (public property) Act against the accused. \"We are waiting for more complainants from the victims of arson perpetrated by the agitators. So the number of cases might increase,'' Ramgopalpet inspector P Shankar Yadav said.Five cases were registered in Saifabad police station against the same four persons along with others.Deputy commissioner of police (Central Zone) Tarun Joshi told TOI that all the four members were named accused since they failed to educate the participants about the conditions laid down by the police prior to giving permission for the Telangana march.\"Kodandaram and others were clearly told about the route course to reach the venue. Despite that, they could not pass on the message nor control people from resorting to violence,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647367", "title": "Demolition drive in Taljai Pathar area continues", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) continued action against illegal constructions for the second day in a row on Satara road on Tuesday and razed illegal buildings spread over 23,000 sq ft area.The PMC started the drive on Monday, exactly a week after an illegal building in Taljai Pathar area collapsed killing 11 people. On Monday, the civic staff had demolished illegal constructions spread over about 25,000 sq ft on Satara Road.PMC's executive engineer (building department) Sudhir Kadam told reporters that though it was a public holiday on Tuesday, the PMC decided to continue with the drive for the second consecutive day.Earlier, the PMC would carry out demolition drives in various parts of the city at the same time. \"This would lead to a manpower crunch. We have now decided to hold zone-wise demolition drives. Accordingly, illegal buildings in one zone will be identified and the entire staff will be deployed to carry out the drive in that particular zone,\" said Kadam.\"On Monday, we selected zone 4 for action. Five buildings were demolished on Monday and nine on Tuesday in the Taljai and Dhankawdi areas,\" he added. The demolition team comprised 100 civic officials and 100 workers, besides 120 police personnel. As many as 12 JCBs, 10 breakers and 10 gas cutters were used.\"The demolition started around 10.30 am and continued till 5 pm. Local citizens opposed the drive and created obstacles at a couple of places. However, the drive was overall peaceful,\" said Kadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16652477", "title": "Chhattisgarh police raid Maoist hideout in Bastar, seize explosives", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh police raided a Maoist hideout in the dense forests of Keejing hills and seized huge quantity of explosives, an electronic voting machine (EVM), bombs and other materials used for laying landmines Kondagaon district in tribal Bastar region.Additional superintendent of police Surjeet Kumar said the raid was jointly carried out on Tuesday evening by the personnel of district force and Chhattisgarh Armed Force (CAF), who raided the hideout following a tip off that Maoist rebels were camping in the area.He said the Naxalites fled the spot before the security personnel could reach the spot. He said 20 pipe bombs, Chinese and Indian made grenades, booby traps, 50 liters of petrol, wires, batteries, explosives and medicines were seized the hideout.Besides, the security personnel also recovered school uniforms and huge quantity of Naxalite literature. It's the practice of rebels in Bastar region to wear school uniforms to escape from the security forces. Kumar said all the seized materials were brought to the district headquarters by a helicopter from the Keejing hills, located in a remote forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16648873", "title": "Indian Institute of Management organizes marathon for a cause", "text": "INDORE: As many as 3,500 persons from different walks of life participated in the fifth edition of 'Indore Marathon,' organized by the students of Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I) on Tuesday. The oldest participant was a 65-year-old professor Nandkishore Malani and the youngest one Bhagyashree Sisodia aged 12-years.While the last year's theme was 'Running for healthy India,' this year the institute decided to keep 'gender equality' as the theme. The 11-km run titled 'Equality Run' started from Dussehra Maidan and culminated at IIM-I campus, Rau. Dream Run, (a 3km run) was organized within the campus.For facilitating the participants the institute had arranged busses which picked the participants from Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology (SGSITS) early morning and dropped them to Dussehra Maidan for main marathon and mini marathon at the institute itself.As a part of the run up to the marathon, the students had organized various promotional activities in shopping malls and public places.Varun Singh Bothiyal, marathon coordinator said, \"Our attempt was to address the inequality that exists in the society. We organized various promotional events to portray what all hurdles women are facing in the despite their growing stature.\"Earlier, students of the institute organized workshops within its campus and in the city schools to make young children aware of the social issue.Top 20 participants were awarded with cash prizes. First prize winner received Rs 20,000 while the second and third prize winners received Rs 12000 and Rs 8000.The top 10 in the women's category in Equality run were Anuradha Singh, Neha, Manju Yadav, Tasleem Bano, Rohini Bilawar, Raza Kausar, Simran Dhingan, Sudha Singh , Anita Verma and Anita Banskar respectively. Ajay Vir Singh, Veerendra Kumar, Ram Milan Singh, Palash Kalanki, Chandramani Singh, Narendra Singh, Rameshwar Nag, Pankaj Pardesi, Rudar Patel and Amit Kumar were among the top ten in men's category.Vikash Thakur, one of the coordinators of the marathon said, \"Most of the runners were either from the CISF Bhopal or Sports Authority of India, Bhopal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16648378", "title": "Mom, daughter take poison; 1 dies", "text": "PANCHKULA: Reena Garg, 32, and her daughter Ameesha, 10, allegedly consumed a poisonous substance at their rented accommodation in Sector 8 under mysterious circumstances on Tuesday. Ameesha, a class IV student of St Kabir School, Sector 26, was declared brought dead at the General Hospital in Sector 6, while her mother was referred to PGI by doctors.Reena, a widow is in a critical condition and is not fit to give a statement.Police recovered an empty bottle of pesticide from Reenas house in Sector 8. Reenas husband, Mohit Garg, was found dead in his car in Leisure Valley, Sector 10, Chandigarh and police had declared it a suicide case around three months ago.Reenas family members told police that she had been under depression since her husbands death and that earlier too she had made an attempt to commit suicide at her residence. Ameesha had made some calls to her relatives in the afternoon.The body of the girl has been kept in the mortuary of General Hospital, Sector 6 and it would be handed over to her family after postmortem on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646711", "title": "Man held for stealing children\u2019s ornaments", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vikhroli police on Sunday arrested Natwar Parmar (37), for allegedly stealing gold ornaments of children. They recovered a gold pendant from the accused, who said he befriended his victims on the pretext of playing with them and stole the valuables. Parmar had been arrested in 2004 for a similar offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647323", "title": "Cops planned camp in victim\u2019s colony on day of murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The murder of another senior citizen on World Elders Day has called into question the security arrangements for the elderly. This is the fifth such murder in the past two months. So far, police have managed to crack only the murder case of a retired income tax commissioner in Rohini. Two more arrests were made in connection with the case on Monday.Police, however, are yet to make any headway in other cases, including the murders at Laxmi Nagar and Geeta Colony.Madhu Mehra, the latest victim, was not registered with the senior citizen cell. But cops were quick with their defence, \"We were supposed to organize a camp in Mehra's colony on Tuesday, the very day she was murdered. We had hoped to find women like her and get them registered, but had to cancel the programme in view of the tragedy,\" said a police officer.When TOI asked the beat constable why cops were unable to track down the woman and supply her with registration papers considering she had been living alone in this house for many years, he said was she was \"not cooperative enough\". This was the same response TOI had got when it put the question to the beat constable of the Laxmi Nagar area where two senior citizens were recently murdered.Even so, police claimed their special ID card registration had been a \"great success\". \"The card, which has details of the doctors referred to by the senior citizens as well as their blood group, has been well received,\" claimed a spokesperson.However, R K Sharma, a Green Park resident, had a different version. \"The constable who came to me was polite. He promised to do rounds of the place but after that day, he's not paid any visit. I do meet him on the roads though,'' he said. Experts say unless the beat policemen meet senior citizens regularly and sensitize them to safety issues, the exercise will not gain credence.At present, 13,500 elderly persons are registered with Delhi Police. Of these, 11,000 have received the new ID cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651998", "title": "Sharab Kharab to introduce Arun Ji", "text": "Desi Dark Records are back with a new single entitled 'Sharab Kharab', which introduces a new singer 'Arun Ji' into the Bhangra industry who has been vocally trained by the one and only Master Saleem.The single will be sure to arouse the attention of today's youth with the up tempo rhythm and get heads bopping. The single also aims to please the UK Bhangra mainstream genre. Lyrics have been written by Mr Mangu Mal who has been responsible for many other famous releases sang by the mid 90's UK Bhangra bands. Sharab Kharab lyrics have been given considerable consideration to try and bring a major twist to how alcohol is typically portrayed and the effects it has on an individual rather than having a track that encourages drink. DDC Records are now privileged to announce the release of the song 'Sharab Kharab' that has again proven the aim of making good music with good vocalists and lyrics that will be hitting the industry in Sept 2012.Fans that have followed Desi Dark Child's music would agree that DDC has consistently maintained showcasing new talent by giving newcomers a platform and those that have been unfortunately struggling financially and politically getting into the industry. Arun Ji is one such singer who grew up with Master Saleem and has been taught and guided vocally by Master Saleem's family learning the values of standing up on his own two feet without taking short cuts by name dropping to get into the industry.DDC Records hope that you will continue to support our music by purchasing it from the professional digital &amp; retail outlets.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647451", "title": "Watchtowers, gate passes to enforce order in Tihar Jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over incidents of violence and unruly behaviour in Tihar Jail, the authorities are planning several steps to maintain control, such as building watchtowers around the periphery and starting a system of gate passes.To reduce crowding in the jail, which houses more than twice its sanctioned capacity of inmates, the jail administration and NGOs have started paying the petty fines of poor inmates to spare them jail terms.These security related improvements are being carried out under the directions of Tihar director-general Vimla Mehra.\"The watchtowers will be about 14 feet high. We will start with the construction of towers near jails 1, 8 and 9,\" said Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta.Officers will have a bird's eye view of the open areas in the jail compound from these towers.CRPF officers manning the entry gates have also been given powers to issue passes. \"Often, when vehicles belonging to visitors enter the jail complex, there are arguments with CRPF staff. Now, they will issue temporary gate passes after speaking to jail superintendents. The gate pass will be returned on exit,\" said a Tihar source.As a disciplinary measure, all inmates will also be required to wear the white prison uniform. \"Earlier, we were trying a liberal approach, but we need to be tough with the inmates who are becoming unruly,\" said the source.As the jail is highly overcrowded \u2014 it has more than 12,000 inmates against a sanctioned capacity of 6,250 \u2014 the authorities have advised superintendents to send more undertrial prisoners to special courts organized inside the jail complex, so that cases are disposed of faster.For the same reason, Tihar authorities have decided to join hands with NGOs and pay the fines of poor convicts who are jailed in lieu of their failure to pay.\"Many poor inmates are unable to pay fines of Rs 1,000 or so, and are left in jail for 10 days or more, and mix with other criminals. In such cases, it is best to extend them a little help and counsel them to never commit a crime again, so that they can go back to their families and live an honest life,\" said a senior jail official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16648155", "title": "Vizhinjam: Forum listens to woes of hoteliers, fisherfolk", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Stakeholders of the tourism industry, members of the fishing community, elected representatives of five panchayats near Vizhinjam and others aired their grievances about the Vizhinjam international container transhipment terminal before a forum on Tuesday.The forum chaired by Dr Isabelle Paris, senior environment specialist (Environment and social development department), International finance corporation and Bhanu Mehrotra, senior investment officer, IFC, Suparnaa Mulick, chairperson, Asian Consulting Engineers (Pvt.) Ltd., CV Sundara Rajan, city office manager (Hyderabad Office and Head- Environment Section) and Ajit S, executive engineer (head - environment) VISL listened to the voices of people who will be directly affected by the project.The session witnessed heated arguments between those who were for the project and those against it. Kerala hotels and restaurants association and South Kerala hotel federation members argued that the site selection for the project was based on false data that only three resorts were functioning at the site while it was actually 31.In response, IFC clarified that the organization cannot be held responsible for site selection as it was done by L&T; Rambol.\"We can only comment on the EIA for the port which is being prepared by Asian Consulting Engineers Pvt. Ltd. We have no legal authority over L&T; Rambol. If the stakeholders have an issue with site selection, they should address it to VISL who had contracted the job to L&T; Rambol,\" Mehrotra said.Fishermen's organizations, supporting and opposing the project, agreed that the fishermen need to be adequately compensated. Janapaksham president Benny Joseph demanded that the fishermen community should be rehabilitated before starting the work.E M Najeeb, said he welcomed the port project and that the cruise terminal would be beneficial. He was supported by others from the tourism industry.\"Our EIA report will be published in full and accessible to the general public,\" Paris said. The EIA report is likely to be completed by December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16648840", "title": "Businessman relieved of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "INDORE: Falling asleep while traveling with cash along landed a businessman in trouble. Miscreants decamped with his Rs 5 lakh while he was asleep in a bus running between Sagar and Indore on Tuesday morning.The incident came to light when Alok Jain, a motor pump and machinery trader, found the lock of his bag open in which he was carrying the amount. On his regular business trips to the city, he had boarded the bus and soon fell asleep. In the morning when the bus reached Geeta Bhawan, he woke up and found his bag open.Jain approached driver and conductor to inquire but in vain. He then approached police station to register his complaint but police turned down his request reasoning jurisdiction limits. Later, he returned with his relatives based out of the city but the complaint was not registered.According to the police, somebody stole his money during the journey. The complaint has been forwarded to the respective police station from where Jain boarded the bus.Truck helper attackedThree unidentified bike-borne miscreants attacked helper of a truck carrying food items to Sikandarabad from bypass area. The incident happened near Lakhani factory where three youth stopped the truck in the wee hours of Tuesday. According to the police, judging it a call for help, helper Keshav stepped down from the truck and asked about the problem but in response the miscreants attacked Keshav in his back and took away Rs 2,000 from his possession. The truck driver pounced on the miscreants but they managed to flee leaving behind their bike on the spot. Driver Nizammudin later reached Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) to get primary treatment. Police are now investigating on the basis of the bike recovered from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16649383", "title": "Amol Muzumdar does a U-turn on Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: With Amol Muzumdar, there are always surprises around. The former Mumbai skipper, who went to Assam, to avoid the embarrassment of being dropped, has once again made a U-turn.Muzumdar, who quit Assam last year and completed the cooling off period to play for Mumbai this year, has surprised all with his decision to play for Andhra Pradesh instead.Talking to TOI on Tuesday, Muzumdar confirmed the move saying the decision was more out of compulsion than choice.\"A lot of youngsters are coming through for Mumbai and the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) had made clear that they are looking for fresh talent. The offer to play for Andhra Pradesh came around the same time and I took it,\" Muzumdar said.Despite holding the record of being the highest run-getter in Ranji Trophy at one time, Muzumdar's travails have been countless. Luck has eluded him in spite of scoring runs in buckets. And now being on the wrong side of 30, most top teams are vying for young legs and planning for the future.\"There's nothing left for (Amol) Muzumdar to prove for Mumbai. He has been an inspiring captain, has scored runs year after year and don't forget he's in the 10,000-run club. The challenge for him lies in playing for the weaker states and promoting them,\" said former India 'keeper MSK Prasad, who's the brain behind convincing Muzumdar to play for Andhra.Muzumdar, who has signed a two-year contract with Andhra, had been named in the Mumbai probables for the 2012-13 Ranji season.\"Muzumdar wanted to play for Mumbai. He was initially reluctant to take the offer but he realized it was a sort of challenge for him to raise Andhra's stock,\" Prasad, who's also an executive member of Andhra Cricket Association, said.Muzumdar and Prasad have been friends since the U-15 level and the latter believes the former Mumbai skipper will be a huge value-addition for their side.\"The Andhra team is young and we have a young skipper in AG Pradeep. Muzumdar's presence will bring the experience and he will have a free hand in team management. We have also hired a coach from New Zealand and hope that they can combine well and improve Andhra cricket,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16649131", "title": "Stolen computersfound in tank", "text": "GONDIA: Two computers which were stolen from the ZP Girls High School at Chutiya near here on August 17 were found in the tank of the village on Monday.The computers were found missing and it was by and large believed that they were stolen by some disgruntled students of the school and were not found. However, some objects were seen in the tank when the release of water started for irrigation. Subsequently, in the early hours of Monday, some objects were seen and soon it became clear that they were stolen computers.When these computers were found, the people reported the matter to the police patil who informed the Gangazari police. Normally Gangazari police should have visited the village and made panchnama. Instead, they asked the police patil to take the computers to his residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647783", "title": "Harsh action likely against BJ Medical College voyeur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJ Medical College authorities are mulling taking exemplary punishment for the orthopedic resident doctor who was caught red-handed recording a video clip of a first year post-graduate ( ENT) girl student who was taking her bath in a common bathroom alongside her room on Monday morning. Officials conceded that these incidents have become rampant and at least three similar incidents were reported in the recent past.\"Officials are mulling a punishment which should set an example. Every male student should think twice before doing such a heinous act with their colleagues\", a senior faculty of BJ Medical College said.It needs mention that the accused, a native of Rajasthan, who got admission on an All India quota, was suspended. He had confessed to his guilt and also submitted a hand written apology. A five member committee has been set up under senior medical faculty Dr Malini Desai who will submit a report and a punishment will be finalized for the boy. The accused has been barred from entering the college and hospital campus till enquiry against him is completedMeanwhile, girl students in the BJ Medical College said that the incident has unleashed constant fear and anxiety amongst them as the construction of the old hostel premises offers opportunities of voyeurism. \"Such incidents have become so rampant here, we feel a constant threat hanging on our heads,\" a PG medical student said. Earlier, a pediatric resident doctor was suspended for six months after he was caught peeping into a resident doctor's bathroom and capturing her on his mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16649379", "title": "Voting to be internet-based in 15 yrs: Young Voters\u2019 Club", "text": "VADODARA: Young Voters' Club (YVC) formed by graduating students of Vallabh Vidyanagar-based SEMCOM has come out with interesting predictions about elections in Indian polity.Based on a survey conducted by the club on 540 young voters between the age group of 18 and 21, the club has predicted that voting will be internet-based in coming 15 years.Interestingly, the young voters believe that a chief minister (CM) who is committed to development, is secular as he works for weaker section and minority community and has the right attributes for the post.Good dress up, appearance and oratory are not the attributes to judge a chief minister, as per the survey results.The college has set up the club to encourage young graduating students to vote for, and participate in the process of governance so that they contribute to a strong democracy and stronger government.Based on the survey conducted on respondents with commerce, management, science and engineering backgrounds, the club has predicted that there will be high turn-out in elections and campaign publicity will be performance-focused and leadership centric.The young voters believe that political parties will be more professional in their approach and research-based. There will be more retail political marketing focusing on past performance. Education, security, safety, industrial and agriculture development and job creation will be the parameters to judge performance.The young voters interviewed for the survey believe that parties will appoint chief ministers, who work for development and produce results as per manifestos.\"This survey throws significant inputs for political parties to chalk out their strategies for the coming years. These young voters will be going in the upper age group of 35 to 40 after 15 years, and new young voters will be added to the block which will set new trends in Indian polity,\" says SEMCOM's director Nikhil Zaveri.\"Our club is very active in educating the young budding graduates to learn to value their votes and undergo proper study and analysis which can deliver good governance in the country,\" adds Binit Patel, who along with Shuvasri Das, Preeti Menon and Priyanka Nair are handling coordination of the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16646691", "title": "PWD to take over 3 national highway stretches", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three stretches of national highways - NH-1, NH-2 and NH-236 - are expected to be handed over to Public Works Department (PWD) for maintenance. These consist of the 16.1km stretch from Ashram Chowk to Badarpur border on NH-2, the 16.1km stretch from Mukarba Chowk to Singhu border on NH-1 and the 7.1km stretch from Andheria More to Haryana border on NH-236.\"We are expecting the handover to take place soon. Street lighting needs to be improved and we will be responsible for its maintenance as well,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.PWD is already maintaining two stretches - the 8.1km-long Wazirabad to Mukarba Chowk stretch on NH-1 and the 11km Dhaula Kuan to Rao Tula Ram Marg stretch on NH-8.Further, two highways - the Delhi-Gurgaon highway and the Badarpur elevated highway - are under private concessionaires. The minister was apprehensive about the upkeep of these stretches, which also have defective street lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16646978", "title": "Wife of accused in Shetty murder case shot at", "text": "PUNE: A 29-year-old woman, the wife of an alleged conspirator in the murder of RTI activist Satish Shetty, was wounded when two unidentified men opened fire while she was riding pillion with her husband on their motorcycle at Dehu Road on Monday night.The police suspect that the bullet was aimed at the husband, Santosh Shinde (35), but instead hit Harshada in the upper arm. Shinde, who was booked on charges of conspiracy along with three others in the Shetty murder case, is presently out on bail. Earlier, he had been acquitted in another murder case.Shetty, a whistle-blower in a series of land scams in and around Talegaon, Lonavla and Pimpri-Chinchwad, was killed by unidentified assailants near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010.Senior inspector Ram Jadhav of the Dehu Road police station said Shinde and Harshada were returning home from Akurdi around 8.30 pm when the men fired at them at Alkapuri. Jadhav has appealed to the public to give information about the suspects. \"We will not disclose the names of informants. They can contact the Dehu Road police station on 27671288,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648377", "title": "Day after hire, servant flees with jewellery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rising crime rate has made it absolutely necessary for every one to immediately get domestic servants and drivers registered with the police, once appointed. Five days after a driver escaped with a luxury sedan from Sector 33, domestic servant Sonu fled with gold and diamond ornaments worth Rs 25 lakh and Rs 35,000 from the house of his employer Naveen Gupta, in Sector 18.This theft took place on September 28 and Sonu was arrested from his native village in Raibareli district of UP on Tuesday. He committed the robbery day after he got the servants job at Naveens home, giving no time to the employer to apply for his servants registration. Cops also rounded up the goldsmith to whom Sonu had sold the ornaments in UP.Sector-19 police station SHO Harjeet Kaur said Naveen Gupta identified Sonu from an album with photographs of criminals, prepared by the crime branch. Sonu had been arrested by crime branch sleuths in a case of theft, around eight months ago. Sonu is being brought from Raibareli in UP and a case has been registered against him at Sector-19 police station.On September 24, newly-hired driver Harit had driven away the car of his employer Brij Bhushan Aggarwal, Sector-33 based businessman. The car was traced at the drivers native village in Shimla, and he was arrested. Aggarwal had not got the drivers police verification done.Check papersDosAlways prefer a domestic servant who has a valid driving licence and identification documents Be sure to register the servant at the local police station on the first day of his joining duty Check the background of hired servant or driver Prefer servants recommended by known personsDontsNever give your car keys, house keys or important documents to drivers and servants Never disclose any personal information regarding your family, cash and belongings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mysore/mandya", "code": "16648000", "title": "Activists to lay siege to KRS today", "text": "MYSORE/MANDYA: Cauvery Hitharakshana Samithi, Mandya, on Tuesday called on farmers and residents of Mandya to show solidarity by sending at least one member of their family for KRS Chalo on Wednesday. Even government and private employees should join us in the Cauvery protest, he said.The samithi plans to lay siege to the reservoir. Samithi head and farmer leader G Made Gowda has appealed to the people in the region to stop paying taxes to the government.On Wednesday too inter-state connectivity took a beating.Buses came to a grinding halt between 7am and 3pm on the Bangalore-Mysore highway following road blocks at various points between Maddur and Mandya. Both KSRTC and private buses were off roads in Mandya.Protesters parked bullock carts on the roads. A health department staff who travels between Mandya and Maddur on his two-wheeler regularly said that he was forced to walk with his two wheeler in Boodanur, Hankere and Gejjalgere, on the SH-17. Southern police range IGP K Ramachandra Rao told TOI we have made elaborate security arrangements to prevent any untoward incident in Mysore and Mandya districts.However, no violence has reported during the protest on Tuesday.Railway services not hitAnup Dayanand Sadu, SWR senior commercial manager, Mysore division, said train services were not affected and all trains ran as scheduled. Passenger traffic in unreserved category was less than 10 pc than the normal days while in the reserved category traffic was full.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648804", "title": "3 more test positive for Swine flu", "text": "BHOPAL: Three more patients tested positive for swine flu in the state capital here on Tuesday. With three new cases, 50 persons have tested positive for the H1N1 contagion in the state capital. Meanwhile, five samples of suspected swine flu cases were sent to regional medical research centre laboratory, here on Monday.District integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) informed that of the three cases confirmed, two are residents of Bhopal . Swine flu has claimed 19 deaths across Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "16652181", "title": "Mentally challenged Dalit woman raped in Jind village", "text": "JIND: The shocking incidents of rape continue to shock the people in Haryana as yet another woman was sexually assaulted by a man in Belarkha village of Jind district on Tuesday evening.This is the sixth rape incident reported in Haryana in past 25 days and second incident in Jind district.According to information, a 30-year-old mentally challenged woman belonging to scheduled caste community and hailing from Gurthali village of Narwana police station area of Jind was taken by a man identified as Dhanwa with him on the pretext of meeting a kin in neighbouring Belarkha village. On way the accused took the woman at a secluded place in the fields and raped her.The sources said that some villages heard the screams of the victim and rushed to her help. They thrashed the accused and handed him over to the police. The victim, a mother of two children, however returned home late night and reported the incident to her husband who works as a daily wage.The SHO of Narwana police station Suresh Kumar informed that the police had registered a case against three persons and arrested the main accused Dhanwa. The SHO said that a woman relative of the victim who lured her to accompany the rapist in a car and the car driver Gurtej Singh have also been booked for criminal conspiracy in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16648299", "title": "'Everpurse': Clutch charges your phone too", "text": "NEW YORK: Now charge your phone by putting it in the purse! A new cute clutch hides cutting-edge technology in the lining that makes it possible to simply drop your phone in the pocket and watch it power up. Imagine a world in which you never have to worry about your cell phone running out of battery again.For women at least, that world is here, thanks to 27-year-old Chicago entrepreneur Liz Ormesher Salcedo, who has invented the 'Everpurse' that charges your cell phone on the go. 'Everpurse', hides cutting-edge technology in the lining of a cute clutch, making it possible to simply drop your phone in the pocket get it charged.Salcedo developed the technology while working as a social worker, where she regularly found herself stranded when her phone ran out of juice. \"Often I wouldn't be able to get through the entire workday with enough charge,\" she told the New York Daily News . \"It became a really big problem, so I looked for a solution,\" she said. Salcedo and her husband Dan, a serial entrepreneur, started experimenting with off-the-shelf parts from an electronics store until they made the first prototype in one of her bags.They would continue to make adjustments until they perfected the 'Everpurse', which they put on a crowdfunding platform in early September in the hopes of raising $100,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16648876", "title": "A date with tradition for 120 years", "text": "INDORE: The students of Government Senior Basic School take pride decked up in this Gandhi 'topi' even today. These children in a non-descript Chhipabad village about 180 km from Indore in Harda district have been wearing 'Gandhi topi' as a part of their uniform since the inception of the school about 120 years ago.\" 'Topi' has been part our uniform ever since we joined the school,\" said Jai Narayan, a Class XIII student talking to TOI over phone, adding that it gives him the feel of being a part of Gandhi's India. There are about 600 students in the school, and almost each of them has made it a habit to wear the topi with the uniform from during the school hours from 10 am to 5 pm.Nagesh Kumar Sangole, a Class VII student, feels that the attire strengthens his sense of patriotism. \"It reminds us of Mahatma Gandhi and his struggle for freedom of India,\" he said adding that by sporting the 'topi', the school students stand out in their village. \"This makes us different from the rest of the schools,\" he said.Another student Chander Singh said there were many schools in and around the village. \"But ours is the oldest and is the only one that can boast of Gandhi 'topi' as part of uniform,\" he added.Principal of the school Santosh Jape said, \"The tradition of wearing the Gandhi caps is as old as about 120 years. The school does not supply the caps,\" he said adding that the children buy it with uniform comprising a khaki pant and white shirt.Interestingly, the principal has seen changes in the perception of some students as they reach higher classes. From 2008, said the Principal, there has been addition of ninth and 10th co-education classes. \"Since girls are also studying in these classes, the some boys tend to shy away from wearing the topis,\" saidJape said the 'topis' are not mandatory. On the eve of Gandhi Jayanti, the students of the school took out a march sporting the 'topis'. The demand for Gandhi 'topi' across the country went up after the anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare launched his movement against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16647503", "title": "Rapid Metro Ph-I trials begin, Ph-II launched", "text": "GURGAON: Though limited to a small area, Gurgaon inched towards having its own metro rail on Tuesday when Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda flagged off trial run of the 5.1 km Rapid Metro network.It connects Sikandarpur Metro station of DMRC with Cyber City, business district of Gurgaon. Once it is made operational in March next year, about one lakh commuters will use the network everyday. The fare structure and timings of Rapid Metro will be similar to the Delhi Metro and commuters will be able to travel in it by using their DMRC smart card/token.The CM also laid the foundation stone for construction of the 7 km phase-II, which goes to densely populated residential localities like Kendriya Vihar, Jalvayu Vihar and Sector 55/56. The second phase is likely to be completed by July 2015 at an estimated cost of Rs 2,100 crore.Another proposal is to expand Rapid Metro to old city across the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway. This will cater to thousands of people working in Udyog Vihar and integrate with the DMRC's upcoming Airport Express link near Maruti Suzuki factory. Hooda promised quick clearance of the Rapid Metro expansion plan.He said the detailed project report of DMRC's Airport Express link will be approved soon. This link will connect IFFCO Chowk with Dwarka Sector-21.Emphasizing the need of a multi-modal mobility plan for Gurgaon, the CM said the pod taxi project will transform the idea of commuting in Millennium City. \"The multi-modal transport plan is ready and ... the project will be launched soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16647152", "title": "Petrol pumps run out of supplies", "text": "MUMBAI: Motorists had a tough time on Tuesday as over 200 petrol pumps in the Mumbai region ran out of supplies by late afternoon. The shortage is likely to continue at over 350 pumps in the region till 1pm on Wednesday as people will be able to tank up their vehicles only after that.\"Nearly 200 pumps which see a huge rush during peak hours dried up at 4pm,\" said Ravi Shinde, general secretary of the Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers (CIPD). This was because the distributors have decided not to buy oil from the oil companies for two days starting on Monday.Over 18 lakh vehicles ply in the region (including Thane and Navi Mumbai) every day. The petrol dealers are demanding hike in their commission over a litre of fuel from the existing Rs 1.60 commission on each litre to Rs 2.15 per litre following the rise in fuel prices.Meanwhile, traffic-goers like Vidyesh Verma and Amit Govilkar who travel in their cars between Nariman Point and Thane daily were inconvenienced as pumps were closed on their way homes. \"Our 'no purchase' agitation is aimed at increasing pressure on the stocking capacity of oil companies which are sitting on their own report recommending hike in commission of petrol pump owners. It is not aimed at inconveniencing the public. From 1pm on Wednesday the supply will normalize,\" said Shinde who is also the president of the Petrol Dealers' Association of Mumbai.\"Over 30,000 petrol pumps out of over 42000 odd petrol pumps in the country took part in the agitation. The state also witnessed a near-total bandh at over 3300 petrol pumps in the state,\" said Shinde. Each petrol pump in the city supplies over 13000 litres of petrol every day.If the oil companies and Union ministry continue sitting on the recommendation for hike in commission, the petrol pumps have already decided to intensify the agitation by operating the pumps in single shifts from October 15. This will be done in order to reduce manpower and electricity costs, said Shinde. Eventually this may force people to plan their purchases accordingly. \"While the evaporation losses will continue to erode the margins now at the enhanced prices, the dealers are left with no option but to reduce manpower and cut down on the electricity due to increased establishment costs subsequent to inflation,\" the CIPD said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16647857", "title": "History wallows in neglect at Khiching", "text": "KEONJHAR: The Khiching Museum, one of the oldest museums in the state run by the district culture office, is in dire straits because of government apathy.Hundreds of ancient relics of the tenth century, excavated from the area, are lying outside in the open and need immediate preservation. These relics are mostly stone engravings and human figurines which were excavated at Kichakgada and Viratgada near Khiching, the erstwhile capital of the Mayurbhanj kings in the medieval period.The area outside the museum where the artefacts are kept is covered with bushes and plants. The museum has does not have a boundary and there is no electricity connection. The museum housed in the temple compound of the Kichakeshwari temple contains several valuable relics like copper plate inscriptions, coins of Gupta and Kusan period, palm leaf inscriptions, ancient idols. But, the museum has appointed two people- a peon and a watchman, to safeguard these valuable items.There is no curator or expert to take care of the museum and guide the tourists about the history of the old relics. The museum was formed in 1922 by Ram Prasad Chand, the then superintendent of Indian museum who had preserved the recovered items during the excavation of 'Viratgada and Kichakagada'.The excavation in Kichakgada was again carried out in the year 1990, but thereafter no excavation was carried out in that area. Several stone engravings of deities like Sun god, Goddess Durga, Lord Vishnu, Lord Maheswar, Goddess Parvati, Kartikeya and Buddha were recovered from that area. Similarly, weapons made of iron and other metals, coins, utensils and the rest were recovered and kept in the museum.However, due to lack of space in the museum, several of the excavated items are lying in the open and being exposed to sun and rain for years now. As a result, the ancient relics are in bad shape. Sources said that the museum was later handed over to the state archeological department in 1948 from the then Mayurbhanj state.\"Due to lack of staff in the museum, there is persistent threat of theft. A single person takes care of both the rooms simultaneously. Hence, there have been instances when tourists have tampered with the relics in the absence of guards. Thus, there is immediate need for employment of more staff to guard the rooms,\" said Jayadratha Mohapatra, the night watchman.Sanjib Barik, District Culture Officer, Keonjhar said \"Two persons have been deployed in the museum for security purposes. We are taking steps to appoint a curator and improve the security arrangements at the earliest. We have written to the government about the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647299", "title": "Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Mahotsav to be held for six days", "text": "PUNE: The 60th edition of the Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Mahotsav, a festival of classical music organized every year by the Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal, will be held for six days this year to mark the diamond jubilee of the prestigious music fest. The festival will be held between December 11 and 16 at the New English School, Ramanbaug grounds.Kirana Gharana maestro, late Pt Bhimsen Joshi, had started the festival in the memory of his guru Sawai Gandharva and was initially known as the 'Sawai Gandharva Sangeet Mahotsav'. The festival was renamed the 'Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Mahotsav' last year after the demise of Pt Joshi.\"The Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal has decided to hold the Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Mahotsav for six days this year in order to commemorate the 60th year of the festival. Last year the festival was held for five days, while in 2010 it went on for four days,\" said Shriniwas Joshi, executive president, Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16648111", "title": "Victim rescued in kidnap for ransom, 3 held", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 29-year-old businessman was kidnapped for ransom by a four-member gang at Nathakattupudur near Uthiyur in Kangeyam on September 28. The gang demanded Rs5 crore from the victim's family which they agreed to pay. Meanwhile, a special team of Tirupur police secured the wife of the mastermind behind the kidnapping on Monday night.Immediately, the gang abandoned the businessman in a farm house near Dharapuram and managed to escape. However, the Tirupur police arrested three persons and seized a double barrel gun, a motorcycle and a car from them on Tuesday.The victim was identified as S Gokul, from RSP Nagar near Dharapuram in Tirupur district. Police said, Gokul, owned motorcycle show rooms at Dharapuram and Kangeyam. On September 28, he was on his way to Erode in a car to attend a business meet. Around 11.15 am, four persons waylaid his car near an agricultural field at Nathakattupudur and forcibly removed him from his vehicle. The gang kidnapped Gokul and fled. However, Kanagaraj, a farmer, had observed the kidnapping and informed the Uthiyur police who rushed to the spot and recovered Gokul's abandoned car.Meanwhile, the gang informed the victim's parents that their son was in their custody and he would be released on receiving Rs 5 crores. Else, they threatened to kill him. Gokul's parents immediately agreed to pay the ransom but wished to see their son first.The culprits shot a video of Gokul and uploaded it onto a pen drive which they placed near a pond in Sulur and informed his parents who retrieved the pen drive and informed Uthiyur police. 12 special teams were formed to rescue the businessman.Tirupur police approached the cyber crime cell of Coimbatore city police on Monday. With their help, they traced the location of the gang. Meanwhile, a special team secured Fathima Banu from Velliampalayam, wife of the mastermind behind the kidnapping.On hearing that Fathima had been secured, the gang released Gokul and fled. The special teams rescued Gokul on Monday night from a farm house, where he had been confined.Police arrested three kidnappers on Tuesday evening. They have been identified as V Rajaram, 30 and his younger brother V Pradeepraj, 24, both hailing from Kannan Nagar in Dharapuram and V Guna alias Gunasekaran, 38. However, Baskar, another culprit is absconding.\"The three kidnappers had hatched the conspiracy at Coimbatore central prison,\" said a police officer who was part of the rescue efforts. \"Our special teams worked well and busted the kidnapping racket,\" said Amit Kumar Singh, SP, Tirupur district.On September 28, S Gokul was on his way to Erode in a car to attend a business meet. Around 11.15 am, four persons waylaid his car near an agricultural field at Nathakattupudur and forcibly removed him from his vehicle. The gang kidnapped Gokul and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16648957", "title": "Five rescued off Baga beach", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Mangalore was rescued by lifeguards at Baga beach on Sunday evening.According to Drishti, lifeguards, who had just gone off-duty after sunset, received information at around 6.50pm that a tourist, Sahil Chandra, from Mangalore, was in distress a little to the south of the Baga lifeguard tower.Lifeguards present in the tower immediately rushed to his assistance and brought him safely to the shore.He was allowed to go after his vitals were found to be stable. Earlier in the day, four other tourists had been rescued after they got caught in a rip current.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16646808", "title": "Jaipur's Walled City gears up for tourist season", "text": "JAIPUR: The Walled City that earlier used to be marked with heaps of garbage now seems quite clean with the commencement of tourist season in Rajasthan. Repeat tourists for a change would find the Walled City a cleaner place without garbage all around.\"We were apprehensive before the season with potholed roads near Albert Hall , incomplete concrete road in front of Hawa Mahal and garbage littered around the City Palace. Travelling with foreign tourists like that puts us in an awkward situation making us cover up for showcasing or talking aloud about the city. But the city certainly is cleaner and if there is anything that the authorities need to look into then it would be educating the public, removing Walled City encroachments and placing dustbins at regular intervals,\" said a prominent tour operator.But on the other hand while the company A2Z has taken the onus to keep the city clean and there is significant improvement, the City Palace staff could be seen bringing out trolleys of garbage from the palace cafe and emptying it on the road. \"They are supposed to be emptying it a little further away in a dustbin but nobody from the City Palace checks them and asks them to dispose of garbage a little away from the Palace School entrance on the road,\" said a spectator.However, away from the city, the Jal Mahal promenade is in bad shape. The sand bags that were used during monsoon to check water are still lying around with sand spilling all over the paved pathway. There is garbage accumulated at regular intervals. Dustbins are limited and in bad shape, water fountains and lights do not function. Vendors have multiplied by the roadside, throwing coconut shells and plastic on the road.And if you are considering driving up to Jaigarh, things are not too good here. A part of hill that crumbled due to rains, still takes up half of the road. Big boulders are lying by the road side and driving up the road is risky with uneven road and barriers broken at several points. Amber of course still has 'lapkas' ready to welcome the tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647830", "title": "Bus mows down cop at Sarkhej", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A police sub-inspector with Ahmedabad rural police headquarters was killed in a road accident near on Sarkhej-Bavla highway on Tuesday evening. Police identified the deceased as V C Yadav.Yadav's motorcycle was hit by a luxury bus when he was passing by Ujala crossroads at 7.30 pm. \"He fell on the road and sustained severe head injuries. Yadav was rushed to the Sola Civil Hospital by an EMRI108 ambulance. However, he did not survive. Yadav was a reserved police sub-inspector with the rural headquarters where he was working for the past three years. A native of Haryana, Yadav is survived by his wife and family,\" said an Ahmedabad rural police official.Sarkhej police officials have registered a case against the bus driver who absconded after the accident.On the fateful day, the rural headquarters had sent Yadav to make purchase goods for the newly-built police colony and children's play area. He was driving towards Makarba when he met with the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "16648112", "title": "Where the Mahatma is no less than God", "text": "ERODE: This is not your regular shrine. The deity who stands leaning on a walking stick with the tricolour beside him is not drawn from Hindu mythology. But the setting and rituals are no less different from any regular temple. How can it be when for scores of people at Salangapalayam about 25km from Erode, Bapu is no less than God?On Gandhi Jayanti, there is a stream of people from neighbouring villages to the Mahatma Gandhi koil (temple) as it is locally known. They stand outside the sanctum sanctorum before a granite idol of Bapu, heads bowed and hands folded. The priest performs the aarti as part of the daily puja for Bapu. Across the Gandhi idol, stands a small bust of Kasturba.\"I prayed to Bapu to make me a good girl and also help me to come first in my class,\" says M Sanghvi, a class 4 student of Appachimar Madam Government School.Apart from numerous children from nearby schools, elders and senior citizens also visit the temple on special occasions like Gandhi Jayanti on Tuesday.\"Generally, we have two pujas for Bapu everyday. On special days like today and on Independence Day and Republic Day we have elaborate rituals like smearing sandal paste, milk and panchaamritham abhishekam,\" says V Kannan Iyer, chief priest of the temple.The temple was built in 1997. Vaiyyapuri Mudaliar, a local businessman and a Gandhian, was instrumental in constructing the temple which is now managed by a trust.\"I personally consider Mahatma a divine person who was instrumental in changing the lives of many others. His sense of sacrifice and humility cannot be followed by ordinary people,\" says Mudaliar. M Kuppulakshmi, a teacher of nearby government high school, says she makes it a point to ask her students to pray at the temple.In sharp contrast, and almost as an insult to the memory of Gandhi, entry to the Mariamman temple that stands across the Gandhi koil is restricted to upper castes. \"Everybody is welcome inside Bapu's temple. But there are some restrictions on the entry of dalits in the Mariamman temple,\" says S P Annamalai, former panchayat president Salangapalayam.Surely, Gandhi, who campaigned all his life would have protested at this discrimination.The most famous Gandhi temple is in Bhatra, a village near Sambalpur in Orissa. This temple built in the 1970s has a dalit priest and reportedly attracts devotees from Orissa and the neighbouring state of Chattisgarh.Interestingly, the Mahatma didn't believe in idol worship though he has said he understood the spirit behind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647682", "title": "Killer cables in Kutch set to go underground", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The killer overhead power lines in Khadir of Kutch district, which had electrocuted more than 400 flamingos last year, are soon going underground. A crucial meeting of the State Wildlife Board will be held on Tuesday. Apart from several other items, on the board's agenda is approval for the proposal to bury the transmission lines.Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Limited had sent the proposal to the Kutch division for laying the transmission lines underground. The forest department had made it clear to the corporation that the high-voltage power lines will have to be laid underground.This was following a report in Times of India on December 1, 2011, \"Flamingos fried in flight\". The report highlighted how over 400 migratory birds, mainly flamingos, had been killed after coming in contact with high-tension cables near their usual breeding grounds. After the report the then principal secretary of forest and environment S K Nanda has asked GETCO to immediately take up a proposal to lay underground cables or replace the open high tension wires with insulated wires.GETCO is all set to float tenders for laying the cables underground once this permission is granted. A proposal, which was sent to the Kutch division, has now been sent for approval to the wildlife board. Once cleared by the board, the proposal will be sent to the National Wildlife Board for final approval.Sources said that the recently concluded survey has estimated a cost of Rs 8-10 crore for laying of underground cables. Surveyors have already decided the exact spot from where the lines will go underground. The cost of laying the underground cables was approximately Rs 1 crore per km. The total area which has been in the eye of storm was about 7.8 km.A GETCO said: \"After the incident, the department had decided to go underground in the nearly eight kilometer. A survey was ordered and now that it has been completed, the corporation has written to the forest department seeking permission to lay underground cables in the area which is under the jurisdiction of that department.\"The transmission agency will take at least 12 months to complete the underground cable work from the day the work order is issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16649130", "title": "Dist primary teachers begin hunger strike", "text": "GONDIA: The Gondia district unit of the Maharashtra state primary educators' organization has began a hunger strike from Monday in front of the office of ZP Gondia to press their various demands including mainly the payments of arrears and regular Monthly salary.The ZP primary teachers said that they have not received salaries for the month of July, August and September. This is not the first time that there has been a delay in payment of salary. The delay is preventing the teachers from meeting their day to day needs. With the increasing inflation and low salary their lives have become very tough.They also pointed out that the reimbursement of the expenses towards procurement of raw material for the mid day food and also honorarium of the cooks working at the Ashramshalas, are also getting delayed. The teachers said that even though their union had been negotiating with the ZP authorities there has been no positive outcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647858", "title": "Three nabbed for stealing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ranip police arrested 3 men for stealing valuables of passengers awaiting bus at BRTS depot and GSRTC stand near RTO circle. The trio has confessed to have stolen more than six mobile phonesin past two months.According to Ranip police officials, they got a tip-off that a group comes to the circle at regular intervals to pick pockets and steal mobile phones. Working on the information, the team kept a watch and nabbed Mukesh Gor, 26, a resident of Memco, Yashpal Marwadi 20, a resident of Vastral, and Santosh Rajput 27, a resident of Amraiwadi were arrested.\"The trio's body search fetched four mobile phones that they confessed to have stolen from the passengers awaiting the bus. Talking about their modus operandi, they stated that Mukesh owns an auto. They come in his auto near the circle where two others mingle with the crowd and at the opportune moment, steal valuables from the passengers and flee from the spot in the auto. So far, they have confessed to six thefts. We suspect the number to be more,\" said a police official.Officials said that the trio used to sell mobile phones in half the price to get money for their leisure activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16648044", "title": "Chakka bandh called off in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Minibus and Trekker Co-ordination Committee of Guwahati has withdrawn the 48-hour 'chakka bandh' in the city scheduled to begin from 5 am on Wednesday following a request from the state transport department. The strike was called to press for increasing fares in the wake of diesel price hike.The co-ordination committee called off the \"chakka bandh' after receiving a letter from state transport commissioner Beni Madhab Doley on Tuesday morning. He requested the transporters to withdraw the bandh and pledged that the state transport department will soon address their grievances.\"The state transport commissioner told us that the strike will cause inconvenience to commuters. He has given us a written assurance to address the issue of hiking fares of buses and share taxis within a reasonable timeframe,\" said Pradip Das, the general secretary of Guwahati Transport Association (GTA). He added that if the state government does not hike the fares by October 10, transporters will take a decision on their own.\"We don't want to make people scapegoat. We will have to hike the fares since we are incurring huge losses everyday after the Rs 5 hike per litre hike in diesel price,\" added Das. The co-ordination committee wants to increase the minimum fare of city buses in Guwahati to Rs 6 from the existing Rs 3.50 and the minimum fare of share taxis from 6 to Rs 8. Likewise, it is also seeking fare hike depending on the distance covered.At present, over 700 city buses and around 1200 share taxis ply in different routes of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16649356", "title": "Despite police complaints, stray cattle roam freely on Vadodara roads", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) was hoping to control cattle menace in the city by filing offences against cattle owners after their cattle was impounded from roads in the city. But, this hardly seems to be working as a deterrent as bovines still keep moving around freely in the city.The decision to register offences was taken in a meeting between the VMC officials and city police earlier this year. The move was amongst a series of steps planned including that of impounding cattle at night when they are on the roads in large numbers.The VMC began registering FIRs against cattle owners since April. After a bovine is impounded, the person who comes the civic body to pay the charges for it to get it released is now asked to get a FIR registered against himself on the basis of the receipt issued in his name for the charges he pays. Only after this is done, the cattle are released by the civic body. The city police register an offence against the person under Gujarat Police Act.\"So far, we used to simply collect the amount from the owner and release the cattle. The new procedure was expected to ensure to act as a deterrent, but even offences do not seem to work,\" said a VMC officer. He added that the civic body and the city police could not seize the cattle permanently as the law did not allow this and there were specific directions against this by Gujarat high court.The official added that on a suggestion by the city police, the civic body had cancelled all licences for all cattle stables in the city. \"It now means that all the places where the cattle are kept in the city illegal,\" said the officer. However, it remains a fact that such places do exist even in places like Gotri and one gets a telltale stench when one passes on roads near them. The VMC officials say that only the police can act against the owners of such premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648782", "title": "Declared dead in MP, arrested in Chhattisgarh", "text": "BHOPAL: Kailash Singh - an accused who was declared 'dead' during trials of a 1999 poaching case of Bandhavgarh tigress 'Sita' in Umaria lower court - has been caught 'alive' by the Chhattisgarh police.The baffled Madhya Pradesh police, in order to get his custody from Chhattisgarh police, arrested him under Arms Act and brought him to Umaria on Tuesday. Sources said, Kailash, 45, was arrested by the Podi police in Koriya district of Chhattisgarh under Section 109 of IPC during a routine patrolling drive on Saturday.During interrogation by Podi police, he identified himself as Kalyan Singh and said that he was living in Chhattisgarh since last 10 years after being acquitted in a case registered against him at Manpur police station of Madhya Pradesh's Umaria district.On suspicion, when Podi police emailed his picture to Manpur police, it was found Kalyan Singh's face resembled to the 'legally' dead Kailash Singh.\"We have arrested him from Chhattisgarh under Arms Act. Once his identity is confirmed we will take him on production warrant from the Podi police station for trials in the poaching case,\" Umaria superintendent of police (SP) Manohar Singh told TOI. It seems that he had faked his own death to escape the trials and conviction, said SP.In 1999, Kailash Singh was arrested by the Manpur police along with three others - Singhar Singh, Ragvendra Singh alias Jhallu and Ram Milan alias Millu in connection with an idol theft case.They allegedly confessed to their involvement in poaching of 'Sita' (tigress known globally) and the hide was also confiscated. All four were charge sheeted by the Manpur police (No 80/2000) under relevant sections of Wild Life Protection Act. Interestingly, the forest department had also filed a separate chargesheet (POR 160/2000) in the same case as remains of the tigress were recovered from within the Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve. So both cases were merged by Umaria chief judicial magistrate (CJM).While three of the accused were convicted, Kailash's name was removed following submission of his 'death certificate' by his relatives. An appeal by the convicts is pending before the MP high court.An NGO titled 'Tiger Trust' had made intervention in the case under ''Hunting the hunter project'' for motivating witnesses in the case. It was probably the first case where in tiger poachers were convicted, says Rishi Bhatt, a wild life activist and ex-member of Tiger Trust.\"We had inputs that Kailash was alive, but we had no authorization to challenge the 'death certificate',\" Bhatt told TOI adding persons who issued the fake death certificate should also brought to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16649544", "title": "Record entries for Jodhpur dirt track", "text": "MUMBAI: For the second year on the trot, the historic city of Jodhpur will be hosting a round of the Gulf Dirt Track National Championship.The third of the five rounds of the FMSCI National Championship will be run this Saturday and Sunday (October 6 &amp; 7). The previous rounds were held in Mangalore and Aurangabad.A record 174 entries -- from Nashik, Pune, Mumbai, Bangalore, Mysore, Aurangabad, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Jodhpur and Hyderabad -- have already been received by the organisers, Mumbai's Sportscraft.The two-day event will be staged at the Polo Ground, near Panchbatti circle, in Ratnada area of the city. There will be a total of 14 races -- nine Championship and five Open class races.The Open foreign class is for privateers only while two local classes will be held for Rajasthan riders. There will also be a special, additional class for local Jodhpur riders.While Bangalore-based TVS Racing riders R Natraj, Pramod Joshua, Harith Noah are the main contenders in the glamour class of the event (Foreign Motorcycles upto 250cc), there are some new challengers from Delhi, Mumbai, Pune and Hyderabad all of whom could throw up a few surprises.Leading the points table in the above-mentioned category is R Natraj, who has 68 points from the previous two legs. Harith Noha and Joshua, also from Bangalore, follow Natraj with 61 and 57 points, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16648171", "title": "Small diamonds going places", "text": "SURAT: If gadget geeks are flashing diamond-studded kindles and executives flaunting smart phones encrusted with gems, a number of small diamond makers in Surat are laughing their way to banks. Micro diamonds, cut and polished by small diamantaires in Surat and some villages in Saurashtra, are going places with consumers fast lapping up notebook computers, pen drives, wrist-watches, neck-ties, lingerie and shoes studded with these small gems.As a result, the demand for small gems, up to 0.0003 carat, has doubled within a year.Raj Dholakia, director of Bhavani Gems, which specializes in micro-diamonds said, \"We have been supplying small gems to the bling jewellery designers in Paris, London and New York, who work for the big companies in the luxury segments like Apple, Samsung, Nokia etc. and that the new products launched in the market are encrusted with diamonds for the marketing purpose\"The annual production of small diamond in Gujarat is pegged at Rs 25,000 crore per annum and is expected to touch Rs 40,000 crore mark by 2015.Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association (SDA) said \"A couple of years ago, these diamonds were used only in wrist-watches, but now they are used in every luxury goods and fashion wear.\"Industry sources said that these diamonds from 0.1 carats to 0.0003 carats are the most preferred ones by the international jewellery design houses to embellish the bling jewellery and accessories\"The micro and small diamonds are the USP of the skilled diamond workers in Surat and the small diamond cutting and polishing centre in Saurashtra region. In U.S, Europe, Hong Kong, China etc, the trend of encrusting the luxury gadgets with diamonds is fast increasing. Since Gujarat supplies 100 per cent of the micro and small diamonds to the world, the small manufacturers are literally controlling the prices,\" said Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association (SDA).Industry experts said that only 20 per cent of the small and micro-diamonds are used in jewellery and that the rest goes into giving a flashy look to the luxury gadgets, home decors, lingerie and cars. Naran Gabani, a manufacuturer of small diamonds said, \"Unlike average size diamonds, the processing of micro-diamonds is quite a lengthy job. It takes about 15 to 20 days for the worker to cut and polish a 0.0003 carat diamond and these diamonds are encrusted in the luxury gadgets like cellphones, etc. Every year, we supply Rs 150 crore worth of diamonds to New York and London.\" Lalit Shah, a diamond trader dealing in small diamonds said, \"The price of small and micro diamond segment is have appreciated by almost 150-200% in the past one year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16648429", "title": "Probe into Arunachal Pradesh's public distribution system scam nearing completion", "text": "ITANAGAR: The special investigation cell (SIC) constituted by Arunachal Pradesh government to investigate the infamous PDS scam has entered the final stage of its probe.This was revealed by chief minister Nabam Tuki in written reply to a question put forward by Trinamool MLA Laeta Umbrey during the just concluded assembly session. The SIC has found 64 persons to be involved in the case so far and chargesheets have been submitted against them. The original case, along with five offshoot cases, have been investigated based on the PIL of 2004.Further, the chargesheets have been already submitted and trial is under process in the court of special judge-cum-district session judge, North Lakhimpur, in neighbouring Assam, said Tuki.The SIC is headed by an officer of SP rank and is assisted by two deputy superintendents of police, five inspectors, two sub-inspectors and six constables. Tuki added that all expenditure related to SIC was being met out of normal non-plan budget of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16654891", "title": "Liv Ullmam\u2019s film premiered in Oslo, Indian team praised", "text": "Oscar-winning sound designer Resul Pookutty is just back from Oslo from the premiere of Liv &amp; Ingmar in which he is one of the prime architects. So moved was the legendary Scandinavian actress Liv Ullman by Resul's dedication to realizing her dream that she acknowledged him as her son in public.Resul, however, couldn't attend the film's New York premiere. His hands are currently filled with three projects. \"I had to skip the New York premiere of Liv &amp; Ingmar because I had to rush back to finish the sound mixing of English Vinglish . I grew up adoring and hero-worshipping Sridevi. To be closely associated with her comeback is a dream-come-true for me.\"Resul is just back from Oslo, excited about the premiere of Liv &amp; Ingmar . \"Though it is a documentary it has been released across Scandinavia like any big film. I am hoping to get it released in India too , even if only for a limited run. Let's face it; Ingmar Bergman is not as big in these parts as he is in Europe.\"Resul modestly admits that his participation in Liv &amp; Ingmar was a first for an Indian technician in European cinema. \"It has opened a completely new window in the West for Indian cinema and technicians. My proudest moment was after the after-party following the premiere when Liv said if I'd have her as a mother. I was deeply moved.\"Legendary Scandinavian actress Liv Ullman who shares vivid glimpses of her life with the celebrated filmmaker Ingmar Berman in the documentary called the director Dheeraj Akolkar, editor Tushar Ghogale and sound designer Resul Pookutty on stage after the film and acknowledged that the film, her life's dream project, would not have been possible without the Indian crew. But will the film get a theatrical release in India? That's the question which haunts not just the film's Indian director, editor and sound designer but also Liv who is very keen that her film be screened in this part of the world.The problem is, Liv &amp; Ingmar is a documentary film. And documentaries don't get a theatrical release in India, or for that matter in any part of the world. Says Resul, \"I don't know what the future of the film is in India.But I do know that the director Dheeraj and I are very proud of what we've achieved in the film. People who've seen it say it's not a story of two celebrated film people but of two human being desperately in love. It opened in New York this week. It releases in Brazil next week.As for India, I have my fingers crossed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16648646", "title": "Mystery fever claim three lives in Jhajjar", "text": "ROHTAK: The death of three persons due to fever in the last fortnight in Samaspur Majra village of Jhajjar district has finally woken up health authorities in the district from their slumber. A team of health officials was accordingly rushed to the village on Monday to conduct a health check-up of villagers while the administration authorities have also taken samples of drinking water for testing.Villagers complained that three persons had died due to the fever during the last two weeks and many other residents were in the grip of fever, some of them having been admitted to hospitals in serious condition. Those who died were identified as Rani (50), wife of Mange Ram, Dhanpati (53), wife of Randhir Singh and Sheela Devi (40), wife of Sombir Singh. Many other persons are under treatment and a youth, Satish Kumar , was rushed to Jaipur Golden Hospital in Delhi as his condition started deteriorating two days ago, villagers said.Jhajjar civil surgeon Dr Ramesh Dhankar said that a team of doctors, led by deputy civil surgeon, had visited the village on Monday and collected medical records of the deceased. \"Preliminary reports with us indicated that one of the three deceased had died of fever while the other two were suffering from some chronic decease. We have sought detailed medical reports about the deceased persons so as to establish the exact cause of death\".The civil surgeon admitted that there are still some cases of fever, including malaria cases, and that health teams have launched a drive to carry out fogging and spraying of insecticides in the entire village. The deputy civil surgeon has been camping in the village to attend to fever patients, he said. Supply of contaminated water for consumption could be the reason behind the spread of decease, health officials said.\"We have urged public health officials to check the water supply system as it appears that contaminated water is being supplied in the village\", a health official said. Additional deputy commissioner Pushpender Chauhan has also stated that public health authorities have been asked to take samples of drinking water being supplied in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16647747", "title": "Gandhiji's ideals still thrive in this school", "text": "HUBLI: Mahatma Gandhi's philosophy is now limited only to books or to his true followers, rued chief minister Jagadish Shettar in Bangalore on Tuesday.But in Gandhi Grameen Gurukul, a residential school for boys in Hosaritti village, Gandhian thoughts and principles are kept alive by GenY.The school, about 90 km from Hubli city, is tucked away in a small hamlet, Hosaritti of Haveri district. This school was established by freedom fighter Gudleppa Hallikeri in 1984 to impart education to poor children. Gandhi is still the source of inspiration for the school. It has a strength of 232 students . Children from various districts of North Karnataka learn about Gandhian principles along with their regular state syllabus. Students and staff wear khadi uniforms. The school holds prayers twice a day while and every day a lesson on Gandhi is read out at prayer time.There is a quiz on Gandhi's life and his achievements every day. Students get vocational training in weaving, spinning, planting, agricultural activities, horticulture so that they are encouraged to be self-employed.\"Lectures and seminars on Gandhi's works are part of the daily activities. To get admission, students must be aware of Gandhi and his works. We have an oral test on Gandhi's life at the time of admission. Boarding facilities are free of cost for poor rural children,\" R S Patil, headmaster of the school, told TOI.M G Hiremath, teacher, says that take extra classes on teaching Gandhian thoughts on special occasions.Students inspiredSpeaking to TOI, Girish Ganiger a class X student said, \"I am quite impressed with Gandhian principles particularly Gandhi's love for khadi and his path of non-violence. I have already taken an oath to lead the rest of my life on Gandhian principles by wearing khadi clothes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16650043", "title": "Salman Khan\u2019s new business model!", "text": "The actor has come up with a new diktat - The producers of his films will now get a fixed remuneration like the rest , while Khan will get to keep the profitsSalman Khan , after back-to back blockbusters Dabangg , Ready , Bodyguard and Ek Tha Tiger , has somewhat become synonymous to 'success' as far as the box office is concerned. Needless to say, producers are ready to put up with the actors reported set of 'rules and regulations' - be it regarding the music directors, shoot schedule, time of reporting and also the heroine's costume. And TOI has learnt that Salman has added yet another rule to his ever expanding list. The actor has adopted a new business model wherein,the producers will receive a fixed remuneration amount (much like the cast and crew). This may vary from Rs 15-20 crore. And after paying for the production costs, Salman will get to keep the remaining amount to himself. According to sources, this new rule has been decided upon in the last week of September.Justifying Salman's new stance, a source told TOI, \"Though many may think that Salman's decision smells of over-confidence, the new rule makes a lot of sense. One needs to understand, that by agreeing to pay the production costs and a fixed amount to the producers, Salman is taking a huge risk. In case a film fails to generate expected returns, he will lose a lot of money.\"However, according to insiders, producers working with Salman in the near future may feel the pinch. \"Over the last couple of years, Salman's films at an average made around Rs 140-150 crore. And with this new rule, the producer will stand to get only Rs 15-20 crore apart from the production costs. A big amount that would have earlier gone to the producers would now be taken by Salman,\" said the source.When contacted, trade analyst Amod Mehra said that he was aware of Salman's new business model. \"If I am not mistaken, Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and even Akshay Kumar have adopted this model earlier. Then why not Salman?\"Trade expert Taran Adarsh said, \"Salman deserves this. Just by agreeing to do a film for any producer, he is doing a big favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649136", "title": "80-year-old woman among five held for property fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: Dhantoli police have on Monday registered an offence of fraud and cheating against five, including an 80-year-old woman. A property dealer was duped of around Rs 3 lakh and all five accused have been arrested.The culprits named in the fraud have been identified as Shama Kumbhare (80), Dolly Joseph (30), Nikhil Kale (27), Shabbir Khan (31) and Ghanshyam Sharma (37). The five, arrested immediately after registration of offence, were produced before the court, which remanded them to police custody till October 5.The plot of land in question is located at Guruchaya Co-operative Society at Somalwada. It has come to fore that Shama posed as Vasudha Dakne, the original owner of the plot, to fraudulently sell off the property to real estate dealer Uttam Mendhe.Dakne is a resident of Gondia district. Mendhe had initially failed to realize the conspiracy against him. He entered into the agreement assuming it to be a above board deal. While Shama posed as Vasudha, Dolly acted as her daughter.The racketeers convinced Mendhe that the plot was registered in the name of Shama. Mendhe paid cash Rs 28,000 and Rs 2,72,000 through three cheques to the culprits at the office of Swaraj Party in the NIT building. Later, Mendhe realized that he had been cheated after going through certain documents and land revenue records. He approached Dhantoli police, who promptly arrested the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651596", "title": "Shweta gears up for Telugu", "text": "After playing important roles in films like Paramathma, Sandalwood starlet Shweta Pandit is now gearing up to play lead roles in not just Kannada films but also in Telugu.\"My film Theatrelo is all set to release soon. This film is different because our director has also chosen to put forward the message of anti-piracy through this film. It is a suspense drama featuring me and four other men, and has elements which can be enjoyed only in a cinema hall,\" says Shweta.The youngster has also bagged a role in Mahesh Rao's Case No 18/9 , which is a remake of the hit Tamil film Vazhakku Enn 18/9 . \"I play an urban school girl in this film. Just for my audition, I'd to lose weight. I stayed off salt for three days,\" reveals Shweta. She also adds, \"My director has asked me to closely study the body language of school girls. It is a tricky role as we tend to get more sophisticated with the body language once we grow up. So, I'm unlearning a lot of things. I'm observing the walk, talk and also how the hormonal changes affect the girls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16647924", "title": "Public money spent on advertisements for private hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has kicked off a controversy by releasing advertisement on behalf of an upcoming corporate hospital in the city by spending public money at government approved rates. The authorities defended the decision saying that the healthcare institution will benefit the state.The health department on September 29 sent the advertisement about the foundation laying ceremony of Narayana Hrudayalaya Group's proposed 1000-bed hospital in the city to media houses through a private advertising agency for publication on September 30.\"The bill in respect of the advertisement, as per the information and public relations department rate, be submitted to us for necessary payment at the earliest,\" said the order issued by deputy secretary (health department) Kulamani Mishra.Five of seven media houses where the advertisement was sent, however, chose not to publish it at government rates, which is far lower than those charged to corporates.The advertisement mentions the group's vision to make it the largest private hospital group in India and its plan to open hospitals at six locations in the three states of West Bengal , Maharashtra and Odisha.Government authorities defended the decision of issuing the advertisement. \"This (the hospital) is going to be a very good thing for the people in Odisha. It is the duty of the government to tell people about it. Newspapers should have published it,\" health minister Damodar Rout told TOI.Rout said the government has collaborated with the super-speciality hospital, which has committed to providing free and subsidized treatment to certain number of below poverty line (BPL) and economically weaker section (EWS) people. Notably, such a provision exists for all private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "abuja (nigeria)", "code": "16648933", "title": "46 students killed in Nigeria hostel", "text": "ABUJA (NIGERIA): At least 46 students were killed and several others injured when unidentified gunmen wearing military uniform attacked a hostel in northern Nigeria on Tuesday. The massacre has taken place on Nigeria's 52nd Independence celebration.Gunmen invaded the hostel of Mubi Polytechnic in northern state of Adamawa, killing 46 students, police sources said. A lecturer said that the gunmen wore military attire and told the students to identify themselves by name.According to him, some of them were spared after mentioning their names but no reason was given by the assailants for the identification process. The invaders used guns and knives in killing the students.Danjuma Aiso, a student at the college, said assailants attacked rented accommodation outside the campus between 10 pm on Monday and 3 am on Tuesday and that he fled to the university campus.He said students were recently warned to leave the college in a statement suspected to have been written by the radical Islamist sect known as Boko Haram. The attack follows the killing Saturday of three students outside a university campus about 100 miles away in Maiduguri, Boko Haram's spiritual home.The spokesman of the oilrich African country's National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) Yushua Shuaib said he cannot say whether the assailants were members of any violent sect. \"I also do not have the total casualty figure but would make it available soon,\" he said. A curfew has been imposed on the city but that did not deter the frightened students from fleeing the place in droves.Several killings in the state have been carried out by a Muslim militant sect called Boko Haram which wants to convert the people of northern Nigeria to Islam by force and install a Sharia government. The oil-rich African country's 150 million people are equally divided among Muslims and Christians.The group is against Western education and influence and has been carrying out its violent activities since 2009 when its leader, Muhammed Yusuf was killed by police.But police were also looking at whether the killings might have been part of a political feud inside the college. Police said the shootings may have been prompted by a fallout between rival gangs over a student union election on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16649019", "title": "Met: Monsoon may linger awhile before withdrawing", "text": "PANAJI: The Southwest monsoon may not intensify much during the month, but it will take a while for it to withdraw from the state.The low pressure area has shifted from the Bay of Bengal to Telangana and its neighbourhood in Andhra Pradesh. \"The withdrawal of the monsoon may take some time due to the low pressure area in Telengana,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological centre, Altinho, said.The monsoon has started withdrawing, but the line of withdrawal continues to pass through Kheri, Kanpur, Guna, Ratlam, Porbandar. \"It has not advanced towards south for some days,\" a Met centre source said.Overcast conditions prevailed in the state for most part of the day and a few light showers occasional in some parts.The forecast for Panaji and neighbourhood is generally cloudy skies with one or two spells of rain or thundershowers.Heavy rainfall is likely to occur at a few isolated places during the next 24 hours.The Met centre recorded 2.1mm of rainfall in the city during the 24 hours ending at 8.30am on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647579", "title": "Fertilizer crisis looms over kharif crops", "text": "KOLKATA: In a development bound to have manifold repercussions, some of it political, a group representing the estimated 40,000 fertilizer distributors, dealers and retailers in Bengal went on an indefinite strike starting Monday. They have refused to acquire and disburse fresh fertilizer stocks till the state government meets their demands.However, its immediate impact can't be gauged in the critical kharif season for most of the crops have already been sown. But if not resolved soon, its fallouts could be enormous in a state where skyrocketing fertilizer prices have already affected the agricultural output.The Pashchimbanga Krishi Upokaran Babsayee Samiti claims they were forced to take this decision after successive pleas of intervention fell on deaf ears. The state agriculture department had tried to bring all stockholders on board through the Fertilizer Association of India, but the stalemate couldn't be solved.The samiti has put forth a three-fold demand and wants the government to initiate talks with fertilizer companies and ask them not to cross sell non-fertilizer products like seeds and pesticides along with fertilizers.They also want the state to ensure that the freight costs are catered to by the fertilizer companies, thereby relieving distributors and dealers from the overhead costs. They claimed the government has left them in a lurch after it decided to act against retailers and dealers for trying to push sell non-fertilizer products to the end users (read the farmers).\"The government has little to do as prices are mainly a fallout of the Centre's policies and fertiliser companies,\" a finance department official said. The distributors' claim where any trade gives a profit operating margin of 10-12%, they've been already working at 1.5% to 2% and if the state doesn't take up their demands, the trade will be unviable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648802", "title": "Local boy makes it to Guinness Book", "text": "BHOPAL: Computer has always fascinated Ojas Sisodiya, an engineering student from the state capital, since his childhood. Ojas' fascination with the keyboard helped him his realize his dream when he was included by Microsoft in a team that carried an exercise in Bangalore on September 21 that secured a place in Guinness book of world record.Ojas was among the 2,567 students from across India selected by Microsoft Appfest who participated in a software development marathon at one location- developers coding non-stop for 18 hours.The event hosted by Microsoft aimed at encouraging developers to build, design and test applications (apps) for the Microsoft's Windows 8, the new version that is likely to be unveiled later next month.\"Coding on computers has been my favourite topic since school days. During schools, I had little information about coding and decoding. The real journey came after joining the computer science classes in bachelor of engineering,\" IES engineering college student, Ojas said.Talking about his selection for the Microsoft event, Ojas said he submitted his idea online. \"They liked my idea of reducing time while downloading website and data. They invited me to be part of the mega event organised in Bangalore, earlier this month,\" Ojas said.Calling the event as his best ever experience, the 20-year-old Ojas said the team comprised highly qualified professionals, students from IITs and NITs.\"I was there to present my skills. Later, I got to know about the world record,\" said an elated Ojas after receiving the certificate of recognition.Ojas has just not stopped his work and said, \"I have a long way to go. Becoming a part of the Guinness world records is a motivation to attempt better in the field of computers in the future. I am working on some other projects too,\" he said.Haling her students' achievement, Prof Aishwarya of computer science department said, \"His keen approach to learn new things during classes and practical studies have brought such unique distinction.\" Director of IES, Prof Sunita Singh and other staff members congratulated Ojas for his achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648566", "title": "Blinging up smiles with a glint of diamond", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dental jewellery is becoming a fad among young Ludhianvis who are getting their teeth capped with synthetic diamonds to jazz up their smile with a twinkle.Says Dr Vivek Saggar, an orthodontist, who runs a clinic said, \"We receive at least ten young men and women who inquire about dental jewellery procedures. Mostly women going in for dental jewellery are in their twenties and thirties, while the men are in their twenties. Though the trend started about seven-eight years ago in the city but at that time only one person would come in a month. Since then there has been more than 10% increase almost every year.\"He pointed out, \"Dental jewellery is fast becoming a fashion statement in the city, with young boys and girls getting it done to grab eyeballs. The trend is more among young women than boys, the ratio being 7:3.\" It's mostly the upper canine or lateral incisor that people get gems put on.Dr Priti Kaushal Vohra, a dentist who runs her private clinic at Civil Lines said, \"The gems used are synthetic diamonds or sapphires. Though the white coloured synthetic diamonds are mostly used in dental cosmetics, other colours including red, green and pink are also used depending on personal choices. The shape of the synthetic diamond or sapphire which normally we glue on to the tooth is round or star-shaped but the round ones are the preferred ones\". She added that the cost of getting a dental jewellery procedure done including the material used ranges from Rs 2,000 to Rs 3,000.Dr Sameer Kaura of the oral surgery department at Baba Jaswant Singh Dental College, said, \"Capping of a gem is a five minute procedure. It doesn't need much care and one can brush teeth normally after the procedure. Synthetic diamonds are the preferred choice, though gold is also used sometimes depending on the choice of the person getting the procedure done.\" He added that the trend started in Ludhiana at the same time when it was initiated in metros and was also popularized by non-resident Indians (NRIs).Dentists at Christian Dental College and Dayanand Medical College and Hospital said they don't do such procedures and stick to specialized dental procedures only.Daljeet Kaur, 37, a fashion designer at Kitchlu Nagar who got a star-shaped white synthetic diamond capped on her upper canine said, \"Dental jewellery has become a fashion statement in the city with many people going for it. I too went in for a diamond capping on my tooth for a bit of glitter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16648869", "title": "Cop surrenders in gang rape case", "text": "INDORE: A police personnel, co-accused in the gang rape of a woman in a roadside Anmol dhaba at SR Compound on February 22, surrendered before the court on Tuesday. The court directed police to remand him in custody.According to the Lasudia police, the accused policeman Raghuveer Sikarwar was wanted in the infamous case. On the day of the incident, the victim who was with her husband, was raped by a group of six to seven persons at the dhaba. The husband of the victim was held hostage while the accused took turns to rape woman. Among the accused was Sikarwar who was absconding since February 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16648761", "title": "Paramedics go on hunger strike demanding permanent service", "text": "RANCHI: Paramedics from all 24 districts under the banner of the All Jharkhand Para Medical Association went on a hunger strike demanding job regularization on Tuesday at the Morhabadi grounds.\"Last year (2011), we had been assured of regularization by the minister during the assembly sessions but the issue is still pending. We are demanding that the government regularize our services by November 14, and on November 15 we should be given the appointment letters. Today things have become so costly and the honorarium which we used to get in 2005 is still the same, whereas the auxiliary nurse midwives (ANM) get Rs 7,276 and the lab technicians and pharmacists get Rs 8,175. How far is the same amount justified in today's time,\" said president of the association Dharmendra Kumar.He added, \"The other demands are that the female paramedics should also be given six months' maternity leave with salary and males should get 15 days paternity leave. There are many paramedics who die accidentally. Their family should also get compensation. The demands of contract doctors who were recruited along with us settled recently, then why not our demands be fulfilled,\" said Kumar.The president said if their demands were not met, they would gherao and demonstrate before the secretariat on October 5. \"If our demands are not heard even after that, we will be compelled to take some extreme steps which may lead to breakdown of the medical services and closure of health centres,\" he said.Kumar said they had been providing services since the past eight years and in all these years they had been given only assurances.Paramedics are the backbone of the health services which include the ANMs, lab technicians, pharmacists and others. Various other organizations like the Jharkhand Medical Laboratory Technologists Associations, Pharmacy Associations, Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) Nurse Associations are supporting us in our demands.Principal health secretary K Vidyasagar said, \"The issue of regularization needs formation of service rules which is still not in place and now we are trying to formulate them. So once the rules get the cabinet nod, things definitely fall in place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16648653", "title": "Gandhi Jayanti: Drunk men garland Gandhi's statue with bottles", "text": "SHIMLA: On Gandhi Jayanti, the statue of Mahatama Gandhi was insulted in Shimla following which police have registered a case against unknown people on the complaint of deputy commissioner. Incident has left people shocked as this is for the first time when the statue has been abused by garlanding it with whisky bottles.The shameful incident took place at The Ridge where the statue is installed. Cops feel that some drunk men must have done this at night. Incident has exposed the lack of police vigil in the city once again. Shimla deputy commissioner Arun Kumar Sharma reached at The Ridge around 5.15am to inspect the arrangements for \"prabhat pheri\" when he noticed the garland of bottles. It was the same venue where Chief Minister Prem Kumar Dhumal and other dignitaries had to gather to pay tributes to father of nation.Initially, deputy commissioner with the help of his own staff tried to remove the bottles, but couldn't do so as the statue is very high. On this, the DC informed Shimla SP, who sent cops. Later, with the help of ladder the bottles were removed from the statue.The deputy commissioner told TOI that \"prabhat pheri\" programme was scheduled at 5.30am and he was shocked to find bottles garlanded on statue. \"I was informed that a cop was deployed by the statue on night duty, but he was missing. It might have taken miscreants 10-15 minutes to tie the bottles with statue. I have submitted a written complaint to police for action,\" he said.Based on the complaint filed by the DC, a case under section 295A (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings or any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs) at sadar police station. In his complaint, the DC has alleged that during the night some unknown miscreants, anti-social elements have garlanded the statue of Mahatma Gandhi with the whisky bottles and have outraged the religious feelings of citizens.Himachal Pradesh Governor Urmila Singh and Chief Minister Prem Kumar later paid tributes to the Father of Nation on his 143rd birth anniversary at the same venue.He first came here in 1921Before Independence, Mahatama Gandhi had visited Queen of Hills, Shimla, on several occasions. Gandhi, accompanied by Madan Mohan Malaviya and Lala Lajpat Rai had first reached Shimla on May 12, 1921, by travelling in the Kalka-Shimla rail, to meet the then viceroy, Lord Reading. He then had stayed at Shanti Kuti in the Chakkar area. Between May 2-14, 1946, Gandhi had participated in the Cabinet Mission in Shimla and had discussed on Cripps Mission as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16646741", "title": "Helpline for women in distress", "text": "JAIPUR: A helpline meant to help women in distress, is now functional across the state. In a unique initiative, the Rajasthan State Women's Commission has started a helpline number where female victims can call and speak to the experts in various fields ranging from law, sociology and psychotherapy for counseling.The service was started with an aim to protect women's rights in the state and ensure justice for victims.Commission's chairperson Ladkumari Jain told TOI that the helpline was introduced early in September. \"As of now, we have a regular seven-digit landline number-0141-2744596. We will soon get a four-digit toll free number,\" said Jain.Jain added the helpline service is open 24 hours and seven days a week. \"We have appointed counsellors who are experts in various fields including law, sociology and psychotherapy. These counsellors work in shifts and are available even during the night hours,\" she said.To know more, TOI called the helpline number, where a counselor Santosh Sharma said the service is becoming a real-time solution to problems faced by women in the state.\"We get calls even from rape victims, following which we immediately take action. If a woman is a victim of domestic violence, we speak with her husband and family members. If the issue can not be resolved by talking, we even advise the women to take the legal course. Women can also register complaints if the police or other authorities fail to respond to their complaints,\" Sharma said.The chairperson also said the victims often hesitate to approach the police and other law enforcement agencies fearing it might boomerang. \"In most cases, they don't get proper response also. Besides, they have to go through several legal formalities. But the helpline provides swift solutions to their problems,\" said Jain.She added that woman can also seek assistance on how to register their complaints on the helpline, \"We take cognizance of the women's complaints and initiate action on our own,\" said Jain.However, the helpline service is getting a lukewarm response even a month after its launch because most people are unaware of its existence. Counselors are getting only 3-4 calls every day. spread awareness regarding the number\"We are waiting for the four-digit toll-free number which will be introduced within a few days. We will popularise the service after that,\" said Jain.Service at a glance- Helpline number - 0141-2744596- Four-digit toll free number in the offing- The service is available 24x7- Access to various experts from fields like law, sociology and psychotherapy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647230", "title": "Pune to host Australian cultural festival", "text": "PUNE: The Australian cultural festival, Oz Fest, which starts on October 16 and concludes on February 5, will have several highlights for Pune, including the Australian indigenous cricket team playing local Indian teams in one-day and Twenty20 matches as well as the Melbourne International Comedy Festival.The Australian government has joined hands with 24 government, business, institutional and production partners to present over 100 events in 18 locations across India as part of Oz Fest.\"During the next four months, Oz Fest will showcase Australia through major events focusing on Australian music, art, food, films, literature, dance, sport, ideas and much more,\" said Australian high commissioner to India Peter Varghese.Celebrating the 100th anniversary of Indian cinema, a major highlight of Oz Fest will be a live music and film show focussing on the films of Australian Bollywood actor Fearless Nadia. The show, created by Australian and Indian artists, will be staged at the deco Liberty Cinema in Mumbai. The National Film Archive of India (NFAI), Pune, and the National Films and Sound Archive, Australia, will take up a joint restoration project to revive one of Nadia's films.Oz Fest's highlights in Pune include: the Australian Indigenous Cricket Team playing local Indian teams in one-day and Twenty20 matches; the Melbourne International Comedy Festival Roadshow, which will feature five comedy acts and a 'RAW Comedy' competition to find the best new Indian talent; Australian bands playing at 'The Aussie BBQ' at NH7 Weekender Festival; and an art exhibition called 'Message Stick - Indigenous Identity in Urban Australia' featuring significant works by artists active in contemporary urban art scene in Australia.Australian Consul General in Mumbai Steve Waters said, \"The range of events in Oz Fest reflects Australia's vibrancy and diversity and will have particular appeal to young adult audiences in Mumbai and Pune.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16649422", "title": "A website to help elders find jobs", "text": "BANGALORE: A second innings for elders is just a click away. The Nightingale Empowerment Foundation has launched a portal to help senior citizens looking for a job. Governor HR Bhardwaj inaugurated the portal www.nightingalesjobs60plus.com on World Elders' Day.\"There are people from other states and districts who look for job opportunities . This portal will enable them to find jobs. Employers can also check out profiles of candidates,\" said Radha S Murthy, managing trustee, Nightingales Medical Trust, parent body of the foundation.Realizing that economic empowerment can be the most effective way to solve the various challenges faced by elders , the foundation was set up in April this year. Till date, 754 seniors have attended interviews and 157 employed; 155 have completed their computer training at the foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648753", "title": "30-year-old knocked to death", "text": "BHOPAL: A 30-year-old man was knocked to death by a speeding truck near 1100 Quarters here on Tuesday evening. Irate crowd assembled on the spot after the incident and damaged the truck and also caught its driver.The police said, the deceased Sanjeev, a resident of Bawa Nagar in Shahpura, was heading on a bike with his cousin Manoj when the truck (MP04-GA-0552) hit the bike from behind.Police said, Sanjeev who was riding pillion, sustained grievous injuries in the incident and succumbed to his injuries on the spot while Manoj escaped unhurt.A mob gathered on the spot later damaged the truck, broke its glasses and also attempted to torch it. Police reached the spot and managed to pacify the situation. The truck driver, Amar was also roughed up by the protestors and later handed him over to the police.Further investigations are underway, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16649047", "title": "US professor rants, strips in class; arrested", "text": "WASHINGTON: A US university professor was taken into protective custody after he took off his clothes in front of the class and started shouting at the students.A call came in to the local police dispatch centre \"about a man in the Michigan State University engineering building shouting in the hallway\" , a statement posted on the university website said.\"MSU police responded and took the man, a university professor, into protective custody and transported him to a local hospital,\" the ABC News quoted the University website as saying. \"No one was injured and the professor is not being charged with a crime,\" it said.Students posting on social media named the professor , but the university spokesman did not confirm the man's identity.A student from the university posted a photo on a social media website with the comment, \"My math teacher just stripped naked during class and was arrested! Go MSU!\"\"Half way through class he started screaming at us, swearing left and right,\" said a student.\"He started slamming his hands on the window and pressing his face against it, still screaming. He walked out and down the hallway to the end. He then came back and took off his clothes, except for his socks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652000", "title": "Jackie one of the finest Bollywood actors, says Anjum", "text": "Cover Story, the soon-to- release Bollywood film directed by Dutch filmmaker Laurens Postma, tells the story of an actor who is at the peak of her career.It is a suspense thriller and the story happens in one night. Anjum feels that role she plays in Cover Story is a role to 'die for'. \"I wouldn't settle for any other commercial movie which has little for the girl to do. It is difficult to pull audience in to the character in such a short time,\" says the actor who did not watch the English version of the film, Interview , as she did not want to 'copy anybody'. She goes on to add, \"I found it different from other Bollywood films.\"And it is interesting to note that Anjum got to work with a director of international repute in her first film itself. Talking about it Anjum says, \"It was great working with Laurens, I learnt a lot from him. He is very strict, disciplined and supportive.\" Going on to talk about Jackie, the much experienced actor opposite whom Anjum is debuting, she says, \"He is finest actor in Bollywood - he is so real and such a good co-star. I was really taken by surprise with his attitude.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16649579", "title": "It's been a great season: Paul Di Resta", "text": "Paul Di Resta pulled off his best race for Force India, finishing fourth at the Singapore Grand Prix earlier last week. He speaks about his super run and life so far...You were so close to a podium miss. Must be hurting...Yes, it hurts to have missed it by a whisker. I've always said that I want to win races. I'll enjoy this fourth-place finish first and hope that I can pull off something special in one of the remaining six Grands Prix.Would you call this your best race for FI to date?Of course. This has been the closest I've come to the podium so you have to call it that. However I believe I can do much better than this. I would say this was one of my toughest races. Most of the credit for this performance must go to the team. I am glad we could collect a few points. Our closest rivals didn't score so it's really special for us.How has the season been for you so far?It has been a good season for me, as well as the team. We have had a few good races and collected good points too. We have good cars and we are improving with every race.Do you feel more confident now?Well, I have always been confident about myself and my driving. I hope to keep up the momentum and do even better.You must be looking forward to the Indian Grand Prix?Well, we are going to be the home team and I know there will be huge expectations from us. We would like to put up a great show out there.How would you rate Sahara Force India as a team?We are a good team, no doubt. We don't have great facilities (in terms of cars, for example), especially if you compare yourself with teams like Red Bull or Ferrari. But we have managed to make the best of what we have.Your plans for the future?Yes, I would like to be part of a team that wins consistently. I would like to think I am capable of stepping up to one of the bigger teams. I have raced against the top drivers in the past and have had great battles with them. I have even beaten them. But I'm not getting carried away. When the time is right hopefully someone will step up and give me that chance. As of now, my loyalties are here with the current team.How is Mr Vijay Mallya as team owner?Oh! Vijay is a great man. He is always supportive and encouraging. On days when we don't perform well, he cheers us up with his jokes and asks everyone to just chill and relax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16649244", "title": "School under scanner for student\u2019s death", "text": "PURNIA: The mystery behind the 'death' of a Class XI student of Navoday Vidyalay at Garbanaili under Kasba police station in Purnia district, whose body was found near a river canal outside the school campus on Monday, has been resolved.The Navodaya student Piyus Pratik died of asphyxiation due to drowning in a river canal outside the school campus on Monday and it was definitely not a case of murder, police said. Purnia SP Amit Lodha, quoted the post-mortem report and said Pratik was drowned in a river canal near the school campus at Garbanaili. He categorically ruled the possibility of murder.The SP, however, said the school administration is under the scanner and wondered how the student could walk out of the campus and take a dip into the canal. Many people are being quizzed in this regard, he added.According to informed sources, Pratik, 15, who was a resident of near-by village Kasba, had come out of the school campus during the lunch-break on Monday. Later, his body was found near the canal on Monday .The deceased's parents, Santosh Prasad Sah and Rajkumari Devi, however, suspect that their son was killed. Navodaya School Principal BK Tiwari, in a report to the Purnia DM, has put the blame squarely on the laxity of teachers, who allowed the boy to walk out of the campus, and 'fell a victim to the incident'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647189", "title": "Suburban residents demand repeal of ASI Act", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 3,000 residents on Tuesday staged a day-long fast in Pallavaram demanding repeal of the Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment) Act, 2010 that prohibits new constructions and repair of existing structures near such sites.The protesters came from Pallavaram, Tambaram, Kadaperi, Sembakkam, Madras Export Processing Zone (MEPZ) and National Institute of Siddha took part where many archaeological remains dating to the Palaeolithic age (around one lakh years ago) are located. To protect such sites, the Centre brought in the Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1956 and amended it in 2010 with restrictions on building or going in for repairs near such sites. \"Neither repair or expansion of our houses can be done as the Act prohibits them. We want the state government to represent our plight to the Centre to repeal or at least ease the provisions of the Act,\" said V Santanam of Chromepet.More than 70% of the 163 megalithic (dating to the iron age) sites in the state are in Kancheepuram district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16650740", "title": "Taliban will face a very strong Afghan force in 2014: NATO", "text": "WASHINGTON: Undeterred by the recent spurt in insiders attacks in Afghanistan, NATO has said Taliban will miscalculate the situation if they think their situation will be better by the end of 2014, because they will be faced with a very strong and capable Afghan security force.\"They will not be in a stronger position. When we (will) stop our combat mission, a very capable Afghan security force will take over. We are building up the number of Afghan security forces and by 2014, we will have 352,000 Afghan forces. And more importantly, quality-wise they will be very capable,\" NATO secretary general Anders Fogh Rasmussen said.In an interview to popular Charlie Rose show of PBS News, Rasmussen said he was very \"impressed\" by seeing Afghan forces in action during his last visit to the country.Asserting that NATO's security transition in Afghanistan remains on track and there is no change in its strategy, Rasmussen said NATO has outlined a clear roadmap for a gradual handover of responsibility to the Afghan security forces.\"We have 50 countries in our ISAF coalition -- 28 NATO allies and 22 partners -- and we have agreed on a roadmap according to which we will gradually hand over lead responsibility to the Afghans,\" he said.He stressed that the attacks will not derail its strategy in Afghanistan, but termed them as matter of \"great concern.\"\"People ask, and legitimately so, why is it that we send trainers to help the Afghans and they turn their weapons against the very same trainers? These insider attacks threaten to undermine trust and confidence between foreign troops and Afghan security forces,\" he said.NATO commanders on the ground have introduced some temporary measures to prevent the attacks under which NATO forces will not conduct joint operations with Afghan security forces, Rasmussen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651316", "title": "Meet the leading ladies of Chaitanya's next", "text": "When Shubha Punja signed Slum Bala, KM Chaitanya's Aa Dinagalu was the film she watched as a reference point. \"And needless to say, I was completely bowled over by the story. It was such a well-made film that I began harbouring dreams of working with its director,\" confesses Shubha.Even though it took some years for her dream to be realised, the actor is nevertheless happy that she's finally got an opportunity to work in Chaitanya's upcoming Parari .\"When I was offered the film, I was stunned because I couldn't believe I was going to work with Chaitanya. Until I formally sat down with him for a script-reading session it hadn't sunk in. He is such a fab story teller and that helped me a lot in grasping the nuances of my character,\" shares the actor.Although she did have apprehensions if her dates would permit in taking up Parari , Shubha is glad that everything's worked out to her advantage in the end. \"That's because I'm also committed to Meenakshi and it has a 45-day schedule. Parari also goes on the floors on October 11, so I was in a fix. But finally, I'm glad I was able to adjust my dates and sign the film,\" says Shubha.And the actor is kicked about playing a television star in the film and says it's the first time she will be essaying her real-life profession on screen. \"I think every heroine dreams of playing such a role. I agree that some films exaggerate the life and times of a heroine, but people should also realise that we too lead normal lives,\" observes the actor.Parari will also be her first fullfledged attempt at comedy. \"I've done Golmaal earlier but I didn't have too many comic scenes in it. I'm happy that I'll be exploring the genre to the fullest extent in this project,\" wraps up Shubha.I'm aiming at honing my skills under Chaitanya's guidanceAs a teenager, Jahnavi Kamath was introduced to the small screen by Chaitanya in the daily soap Mugilu . Now, years later it's once again Chaitanya who's introducing her to Sandalwood. And that sure makes Jahnavi a happy girl.A theatre artiste, Jahnavi has dabbled in numerous plays and dramas and is thankful for the experience as it laid the basic foundation for acting. \"Even in my hometown Mangalore, I was quite active in the theatre circuit. My exposure improved once we moved to Bangalore,\" she says.An acting course at Anupam Kher's institute helped polish the raw talent in her and soon she was offered her first film. \"It was called Chitranna but is languishing in the cans. So Parari is my first official entry to Sandalwood,\" shares the newbie.Jahnavi maybe new to Kannada but is no stranger to the arclights. \"I've already done two Tamil films and I'm enjoying my stint as an actor. But it's always nice to be appreciated on home ground as well and I'm excited about my Sandalwood debut,\" says Jahnavi adding, \"I'm aiming at honing my skills under Chaitanya's guidance. Parari will be my big ticket to fame.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16646421", "title": "Police chowki stoned after boy's murder", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Rued over alleged police inaction on the kidnapping and murder of a 12-year-old boy, enraged locals of Vijay Nagar in Ghaziabad pelted stones at a police chowki and damaged public property. Additional police force was deployed to quell the disturbance.The boy, Ankush Singh, had gone missing from his Kailash Nagar home. When his family reported the matter to police, no action was taken. Later, a ransom call was received by the family. The boy's body was found late at night near the Military Grounds.\"Ankush went missing after he went outside to relieve himself at 6am. We waited for hours and then decided to file a missing report. When we approached the police, they seemed reluctant to register our complaint and told us that he would return. In the afternoon, we received a ransom call demanding Rs 1.5 lakh,\" Rampal Singh, the boy's uncle said, adding that the kidnappers threatened the family to stay away from the police or they would kill Ankush.On Tuesday morning, angry family members first blocked the road near the Gaushala Police Chowki and later attacked the chowki, pelting stones and bricks. Police said, \"No injuries have been reported. The stone pelting lasted for 10 minutes in which the chowki damaged.\"Cops added that a kidnapping and murder case has been registered at Vijay Nagar police station. \"We are tracking the mobile phone from which the ransom call was made,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "sopore", "code": "16648559", "title": "Ek tha Mukhtar, the forgotten agent", "text": "SOPORE: At first glance, the small box item in the morning paper announcing the death of Riaz, shot \"by unidentified gunmen while out for a stroll in his village\" seemed innocuous. In Kashmir, nameless gunmen have done away with many people in 22 years. But what's not known is that this 22-year-old school dropout was engaged in a secret war in the Valley. Riaz was a special police officer, paid a token amount every month for assisting cops. He was a foot soldier in the secret war.Branth, a village on the outskirts of Sopore, would be called \"picture postcard\" had it been anywhere else in Kashmir. But in Sopore, it's a collection of spread out houses, has a shrine, its own orchards and paddy fields. The Mughal era canal has been nudged into obscurity by quainter locales.On September 9, a phone call drew Riaz away from a wedding feast. Picking up a friend, Riaz hurried away to meet someone. The two followed the canal as it meandered through the ripening paddy. There they met with another group of young men. Greetings were exchanged. Riaz offered to escort them to the wedding. Then, as he turned his head, a 9mm bullet fired from inches away hit him in the cheek, exiting from the back of his head. Riaz's companion was shot in the chest. The three men ran away. It was 3.30 in the afternoon. There were witnesses.In the police headquarter in Sopore, an \"asset\" had been terminated. Riaz was part of an operation to try and lure a Pakistani militant, but his body lay floating in the canal. The militants had won this round.\"It takes special kind of man to do such work. Some do it for money, some for vengeance, and every now and then, someone who just relishes the thrill of it. Behind many newspaper headlines of an encounter lies a faceless man who made it possible,\" said a police officer.Within the force, these men get the sort of awe generally reserved for film stars. Often they don't even deal with lower rank officers, confining their briefings to their controllers in the higher echelons. These are men who started like Riaz, graduating to higher things, penetrating deeper, delivering scores of unsuspecting men to lonely deaths on windswept ridges and cozy barns.As spring turned to summer in 2012, the Kashmir police grappled with a crisis that shook it to the core. The world first came to know of this crisis through another box item in the morning paper. The police had held four cops for links with militants. The story put out was concise. Four \"constables\" were found involved in \"illegal activities\".For the cops who arrested them, though, Mohammed Abbas, Riyaz Ahmed, Mohammed Khan and Mukhtar Sheikh, were no ordinary mortals. They were heroes they had talked about in hushed tones \u2014 the men who had penetrated militant organizations and made it possible for a senior officer to inform a stunned Army general the exact time and place of an attack on one of his outposts the next day. The men who guided fidayeen to selected houses where they were shot dead.Let's take Mukhtar Sheikh, the man who penetrated the Lashkar so deep that the outfit sourced the Indian SIM cards they used in 26/11 attacks from him. Sheikh was picked up by the special cell of Delhi Police, who tracked him for weeks without realizing he was a cop. Outside the loop of normal hierarchies, it was his mentor and controller who faced up to the might of Delhi Police and the IB, and saved him. But Mukhtar is still in jail, exposed as a traitor.Ripples of this storm reached the public. From sudden changes in the security details of top officers, to reports in Delhi about Kashmir Police's diffidence in allowing central agencies to join the interrogation, to speculation in Srinagar about in-house rivalries. But these pinpricks didn't bother the police. For, when they talked to the four men in dank cells, the question was: which tool of enticement made the betrayal possible \u2014 money or revenge? But what hurt the most was that time and again the question passed down to the interrogators was if they were \"ideologically compromised\".\"Ideologically sound\". These two words in this battle are heard again and again in Kashmir from those who fight. For the police, it means taking on people who use religion as a weapon \u2014 a religion that one lakh policemen share. A betrayal out of weakness is less hurtful than a blow struck by someone who betrays out of conviction. Since July, even as they realise that a major part of their intelligence network has collapsed, as other organizations like the Army and CRPF are deeply suspicious about inputs provided by the police, the force has had more treachery to confront. In August, another policeman was arrested for a series of attacks in Srinagar. His victims included five former and serving cops.The battle within and against militancy continues. Pawns like Riaz shall continue to fall. Knights like Mukhtar shall continue to turn and men shall continue to be betrayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16646300", "title": "Good harvest may reduce fruit, vegetable prices", "text": "THANE: Fruit and vegetable prices, which soared by 15% following a rise in diesel rates, were likely to see a dip, albeit slight, given the good harvest this season, market watchers said.\"It is not that there is a glut of vegetables or fruit in the market. But unlike earlier, when a substantial percent of the crop were destroyed in heavy rain, this season saw no such damage and the output has been very good,\" said Shankar Pingle, director (vegetables), Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC), Navi Mumbai. Echoing him, joint secretary of Kalyan APMC Yeshwant Patil said, \"Rainfall has just about been enough in the cultivation pockets and the crops have been harvested before nature could wreak havoc on them. The good supply of fruit and vegetables will help steadying the rates.\" He added that the steady stream of the produces could lead to a small fall in the rates and the consumer can look forward for a price reduction in their salads and apples.\"With the supply of produces remaining steady in the past couple of weeks, the rates have also more or less stabilized. Fruit purchase and sale at Navi Mumbai APMC market is close to 400 tonne a day. A steady supply of apples, pomegranates, chikoo and sweet lemon is being sourced from Nashik, Jalgaon, Pune, Sangmaner, Satara, Sangli and even from the neighbouring states of Karnataka and Gujarat,\" Pingle told TOI. According to him, with the supply stabilizing, traders will not be able to manipulate the rates and so, farmers will be able to get their due share.The stock at the Kalyan APMC market has also been good, with over 30 tonne fruits being offloaded daily there. The Kalyan APMC market, Patil said, had been getting close to 100 tonne vegetable stock. The market in Vashi receives 750-plus trucks of vegetables daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16649102", "title": "Goa to provide Rs 1k monthly assistance to married women", "text": "PANAJI: As India's food inflation is expected to remain high, the state government tried to bring some cheer to housewives from the middle, lower-middle and poor sections of society. The Griha Aadhar scheme, launched on Tuesday, will provide financial assistance of 1,000 per month to women to run the household.Launching the scheme, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said he is fulfilling an election promise. The government has made a budgetary provision of 150 crore for the current financial year for the scheme. Distribution of applications will commence from October 24 at taluka offices of the directorate of women and child development.Speaking to media persons on Tuesday, Parrikar said the scheme is meant for married women residing in Goa for the last 15 years and whose gross income, including that of the husband, does not exceed 3 lakh per annum. He clarified that married women includes widows and divorcees, whose gross income does not exceed 1.5 lakh per annum.Parrikar also said the woman's husband should not be a beneficiary under the Dayanand Social Security Scheme (DSSS).\"A widow and DSSS beneficiary with a child shall be eligible for the Griha Aadhar scheme till the child attains 18 years of age,\" he added.\"The beneficiary shall submit a life certificate every year in October,\" Parrikar said.The government expects 1.5 lakh applications and has decided to print 30,000 applications every month of which 15,000 will be cleared. \"Over the span of ten months, the government will cover all 1.5 lakh housewives under this scheme\", Parrikar said.Doorstep withdrawal facility for eldersThe state's senior citizens will soon be able to withdraw cash from their bank accounts at their doorstep. The government has decided to engage youths on a commission basis to provide the service by using a hand-held equipment for the withdrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16649564", "title": "Neglected Agaram is no one\u2019s ward", "text": "BANGALORE: Austin Town is a picture of contrasts: while the pavement on one side of the road is swept clean, the other side is littered with garbage. The road separates two wards - - Neelasandra and Agaram --and is a reflection of the work done by the corporators.Rubina Khan (name changed), who lives in a BDA flat on the Agaram side of the road, said she has never seen a pourakarmika before her apartment for over a year and blames the corporator for it. \"The corporator is not concerned about waste collection. We've made several complaints to her, but nothing has helped. The other side of the road comes under a different ward and that corporator is proactive. Our MLA, too, has been of little help,\" Rubina added.In Agaram ward, the BBMP campaign on segregation of garbage at source holds no meaning for the public as no pourakarmika has turned up to collect waste. \"Sometimes , we ourselves take our garbage bags to a huge container near Police Quarters as we have no choice,\" said BN Acharya, a resident.\"We have no problem segregating waste at source. We can keep containers for dry and wet waste in our blocks. But there should be regular collection of waste. A year ago, waste collection was happening but it was irregular, and garbage was picked up any time between 8am and noon,\" said Kusuma N, a resident of the BDA apartments . The residents watch with anger as pourakarmikas go about their routine on the other side of the road.Agaram corporator Sarita Mohan could not be reached. Instead , her husband Mohan P spoke. \"My wife won't be available for comment. There is no problem in her ward. Shortage of pourakarmikas and the lack of a landfill have affected all parts of the city and our ward is no exception. The residents of BDA flats had said they would keep the premises clean themselves. If there is any problem , we will look into it,\" Mohan said.Park or dumpyard?Ten years ago, the government had earmarked a sprawling area to form a park in front of BDA's MIG flats on Austin Town Main Road. But to date, it is barren land, with no patch of green. A board announces that the plot is a park -- instead, there are heaps of garbage, and miscreants use the place for gambling. The only positive is that children use it as a playground.\"This open space is in the middle of the city and must be developed as a lung space. Instead, it has become a hub for anti-social activities like drug peddling,\" said GR Vidyadhar, a professor living in the BDA flats. Garbage tippers enter the park and unload waste with impunity. The park falls in Neelasandra ward limits. Ward corporator Lokesh Nayak's number was 'not reachable' for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16647801", "title": "Koragappa Naik to be the next zilla panchayat chief", "text": "MANGALORE: BJP has chosen K Koragappa Naik, a member from Ujire and belonging to ST category, for the post of president of Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat. The election will be held at Nethravathi auditorium of the zilla panchayat here on Wednesday.The election was necessitated as the 20-month term of incumbent president KT Shailaja Bhat ends on October 7. The government, in a gazette notification on September 14, had reserved the post of president for a candidate from scheduled tribe and that of vice-president for a candidate from backward class B category. The elevation of Koragappa to the post is all but a formality given that the opposition Congress has no ST members in their ranks.The ruling party has chosen Rithesh Shetty for the post of vice-president, which is reserved for Backward Class B category. The Con may field a candidate for the post of vice-president. DCC president B Ramanath Rai said that they are yet to take a decision on choosing a candidate for the post of vice-president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16651753", "title": "Sri Lanka to continue to train its military personnel in India", "text": "COLOMBO: Notwithstanding stiff opposition from political parties in Tamil Nadu, Sri Lanka on Wednesday asserted that it was \"very firm\" on continuing the training programme of its defence personnel in India and ruled out sending them to countries like China.Sri Lanka's powerful economic development minister Basil Rajapaksa, also the brother of President Mahinda Rajapaksa , said his country looks at India in a \"much bigger way\" than China.During an interaction with visiting Indian journalists, Rajapaksa admitted that the recent attacks against Sri Lankan citizens in Tamil Nadu has \"hurt\" their feelings, but said no one in his country had any \"hard feelings\" for India or its people.\"No. We have never (thought about it) because in our long history since the days when we moved from British shoulders all training (to army personnel) were done in India or in Pakistan,\" he said.The minister was responding to a question whether Sri Lanka was reconsidering the training programme for its military personnel in India and possibly get them trained in countries like China in the wake of protests in Tamil Nadu.Dwelling on the issue, he said it has been the practice for any new batch to be sent to India for training and that Sri Lanka has no plans to change the tradition.\"There can be various opinions, but we can't (shift the programme). We are very firm on that and we have confidence (that it will continue). We have not even thought about,\" he said when pressed further on whether Sri Lanka would stop sending its personnel to India.He noted that starting from the defence secretary to army commanders, everyone has been trained in India. \"Everyone go to India first and only then they are sent to other countries like USA (for training),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647545", "title": "Fancy Numbers: Lieutenant governor seeks public view", "text": "NEW DELHI: Refusing to give the go-ahead to the government's plan for auction of fancy car registration numbers, lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna has asked it to seek suggestions and objections from the public before implementing the new proposal.The transport department had sent the file to Khanna in August following an approval by the Delhi cabinet to the long-pending proposal.\"We will now seek suggestions and objections from the stakeholders to the new policy,\" said a senior official of transport department.As per the proposal, fancy registration numbers will be allotted for four-wheeled private vehicles through auction of available numbers of specified categories on fortnightly basis. The department had kept a reserve price of Rs 5 lakh as minimum fee for first category of VIP number with 0001 in each series.The reserved fees for other single digit number from 0002 to 0009 has been fixed at Rs 3 lakh, while third category of double digit numbers like 0010 to 0099 has been be priced at Rs 2 lakh. The minimum price for registration numbers such as 0786, 1000, 1111 and 9999 has also been priced at Rs 2 lakh.Numbers such as 0100, 0111 and similar numbers upto 0999 will cost Rs one lakh. Similarly, numbers like 2000 and 8888, 0101, 0108, 1008 and 1313 will also cost Rs one lakh. Other fancy numbers may be obtained at a cost of Rs 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16647990", "title": "Traders vow to vote against UPA in 2014", "text": "TRICHY: The Tamil Nadu Vanigar Sangankalin Peramaippu has taken strong objection to the Central government's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail. Its secretary, Dr Ve Govindarajulu, said his organisation would work hard to defeat the UPA's electoral prospects in the 2014 elections. The federation has around 350 local trade organizations under its wing and staged a demonstration in front of Trichy's Khadi Craft against the entry of foreign retail organisations.Attacking the Congress-led UPA on Gandhi Jayanthi, Govindarajulu said, \"The mahatma wanted foreign goods banned from India, but the Congress is shamelessly disregarding its cherished leader's vision. This is nothing but double standards.\" Govindarajulu expressed concern over the possible damage FDI could do to a place like Trichy where there are a large number of retail outlets. He said, \"We are displeased with the Congress because its decision on FDI will put 20 lakh small traders in Tamil Nadu in a crisis. We have decided to vote against the Congress in the next general elections.\" When told that it was up to the state governments to allow foreign retailers into the land, Govindaraju said, \"We are well aware of what governments have done in history.\"Trichy region president of the federation, M Tamil Selvam, told TOI that it was not only the case that traditional retailers would lose out to foreign giants, but foreigners would bind our farmers into deathly contractual traps from which there would be no escape. Just like Coca-Cola and Pepsi stifled our traditional Vincent, Bovonto and Kalimark, the entry of foreign retailers would edge out local retail outlets once and for all. To make matters worse, an obliging state government might end up giving foreigners round-the-clock electricity and land at subsidized rates, warned Tamil Selvam. According to him, the Food Safety and Standards Act of 2006 that came into force across the country in August last year, was a ploy to root out traditional Indian retailers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16648789", "title": "Villagers oppose hydel project", "text": "SHIMLA: In a bid to save their water resources from being ruined by a hydel project, villagers from Saal valley of Chamba district are again up in arms against the government and company executing the project.Condemning efforts of the state government to favour the 3.8 MW Hul hydro-electric power project at Jadera village, protesting villagers said construction work was stalled after an incident of attack on local people in 2010 but the company again started work at the site this month. The project was surveyed in 2002 and the residents had been opposing it since then. Guman Singh, coordinator, Himalaya Niti Abhiyan, said diversion of water from Hul river for power generation for the project would damage the natural source of irrigation water for people residing in Saal valley.Saal Ghati Bachao Sangharsh Morcha president, Rattan Chand said the company resumed work at the site this month and the administration was informed by the villagers about it last week. \"The reality is that local mountain communities are mainly dependent on small rivulets rather than big rivers for water usage like drinking, irrigation, fishery and to run water mills. these small power projects threaten the existence of these rivulets,\" he said.Jadera gram panchayat president Man Singh said Himachal Pradesh government in its cabinet decision in June this year decided to withdraw permission to all those hydro electric projects which were being opposed by local people but the policy was not being put to practice.Members of the Saal Ghati Bachao Sangharsh Morcha and Himalaya Niti Abhiyan have demanded scrapping of the project and threatened to launch an agitation if action was not taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16649559", "title": "GM Gopal outsmarts Kidambi", "text": "KOLKATA: Three players -- Grandmaster GM Gopal, Grandmaster Neelotpal Das and IM Swapnil Dhopade -- shared the lead with full points after two rounds of the Tata National Premier Chess Championship which is being played at the Khudiran Anushilan Kendra.On a rather insipid day, most of the games went along expected lines. The only exception, though, was Gopal's thriller against GM S Kidambi which kept both the players and spectators on tenterhooks. Gopal and Kidambi lit up the board in a complicated game of the French Tarrasch.Kidambi unknowingly followed a line opted by Surya Sekhar Ganguly four years earlier, against Gopal in USA. That game had ended in a draw. Gopal, incidentally, was well prepared this time, and in control of the complications throughout the game. He went on to win the game in 28 moves.WGM Mary Ann Gomes went down tamely against GM Neelotpal Das in a Reti Opening. Mary Ann's weak opening play allowed Neelotpal to gradually build up his position and he had little difficulty in winning the game thereafter.Bitan Banerjee, an Electronics students of Jadavpur University held veteran GM Praveen Thipsay to a draw in an advanced variation of the French defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16652274", "title": "There is no political cell within ISI, Pak govt tells SC", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's defence ministry on Wednesday told the Supreme Court that there is no political cell within the ISI, adding another twist to a case regarding the powerful spy agency's alleged efforts to influence national politics.A military official representing the defence ministry told a three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry that no political cell was operating in the ISI.The bench was hearing a petition filed by former air force chief Asghar Khan about the distribution of money among politicians by the ISI in 1990.The chief justice reacted to the official's remarks by saying that a letter submitted to the apex court on June 26, 1997 had stated that a political cell was functioning within the ISI.The official told the court that the defence ministry had confirmed the information regarding the political cell with the ISI before submitting its response to the bench.The bench directed the official to submit the ministry's reply after getting it signed by the defence secretary.The bench also summoned the interior and defence secretaries to appear before it later in the day.The court had earlier sought a report from the interior and defence ministries after attorney general Irfan Qadir told the bench that the notification issued to create the ISI's political cell was missing.The apex court recently resumed hearing the petition filed by Asghar Khan in 1996. Khan has accused the ISI of providing Rs 140 million to politicians to create the Islami Jamhoori Ittehad and prevent the Pakistan People's Party from winning the 1990 general election.The then ISI chief Asad Durrani has acknowledged that he distributed the money on the orders of former army chief Mirza Aslam Beg. A banker named Yunus Habib has testified in the apex court that he arranged Rs 1.48 billion for the military.Habib said millions of rupees were distributed among politicians linked to the army-backed Islami Jamhoori Ittehad in a bid to prevent the PPP from coming to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646451", "title": "For every murder, 6 senior suicides/month", "text": "MUMBAI: Crimes against the elderly such as murders and burglaries frequently hit the headlines. But loneliness and depression have crept in as silent killers in this demographic group. For every senior citizen murdered in the city every month, there are more than six elderly people who take their own lives. Police records show that 79 senior citizens committed suicide in 2011 alone.Geriatricians say the worrying statistics signal the extent of loneliness stalking the silver-haired brigade. It underlines the need for a more multi-pronged approach towards elderly in terms of social security benefits, forging stronger ties with the police and implementing laws such as the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007.\"Many senior citizens live alone and feel isolated, while others believe they are neglected even if they live amidst family members. This builds up frustration. Many also battle worries about whether they are a burden,\" explains Prakash Borgaonkar, director of voluntary organization HelpAge India. Longevity is increasing but at what cost, he wonders.A global report 'Ageing in the 21st Century' released by UNFPA and HelpAge on Monday points out that lack of pension and social security compound old-age problems. This holds true for many seniors here given that the government's scheme, the Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme, entitles those above 60 years and below the poverty line to a pension of Rs 200, a paltry sum in times of spiralling inflation.Geriatricians point out that medical bills soar with age and the triple burden of illness, income security and aloneness drive elderly into a vicious cycle of depression as seen in recent suicides reported in the city. Police point to the case of a 61-year-old Dahisar man who was so fed up with his multiple ailments that he killed himself by consuming toilet cleaner.Sujata Sriram, professor of human ecology at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, rues that the state has absolved itself of all responsibility when it comes to senior citizens. \"But for the police helpline, there are no support services available to them,\" she says.Sheilu Sreenivasan, founder of voluntary organization Dignity Foundation, worries that the actual number of suicides could be higher. \"We have often seen that police figures are underreported,\" she says. Sreenivasan believes the focus needs to rest on suicide prevention as ageing problems are a deeply ingrained social malaise which cannot be dealt with merely through laws. \"There is a long series of activities that society, the government as well as family members need to undertake to deal with such incidents, in terms of reaching out financial, physical as well as emotional support to the elderly,\" she suggests.Geriatricians cite the instance of Singapore, which financially incentivizes young couples who look after their parents and say similar suggestions have been made to the Centre's committee which is currently reworking the national policy on older persons. On their part, seniors need to adopt active ageing mantras to keep their mind and body fit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16648406", "title": "Auto fare hike not official yet, but drivers start charging more", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport (MMRTA) is yet to ratify the proposed hike in autorickshaw and taxi fares, but commuters have complained that some three-wheeler drivers have started charging the revised tariff.Last Friday, the state government issued a resolution recommending a hike of Rs 2 for autorickshaws, Re 1 for taxis and Rs 2 for cool cabs in the city, Thane and Navi Mumbai. For every subsequent kilometer, the fares were revised from Rs 7 to Rs 9.50 for autos and from Rs 10.50 to Rs 12 for taxis.The MMRTA is yet to ratify the proposals and announce a date for implementation of the revised tariff, but this hasn't stopped a section of auto drivers from demanding the new fares. Roy Jacob, a Ghatkopar resident, said: \"I travel from Kamani to Kurla every day to give tuitions. The auto fare usually does not exceed the minimum slab of Rs 12. However, on September 30, the driver demanded a fare of Rs 14. I later realized that the new tariff was yet to be implemented.\"Another commuter, Sheetal Pandya, said: \"I took an auto from Andheri station to Juhu Circle. The journey usually costs around Rs 20, but the driver asked for Rs 25. He argued that the fares had been hiked.\"Consumer activist Sunil Mone said the state had only issued a GR recommending the hike. \"The MMRTA has to take it up for discussion and approve of the proposed hike. After that, the transport authority has to issue a fare chart. The revised fares will come into effect only after that,\" he explained, adding that he got several complaints of drivers charging the new fares. \"Many auto drivers are known to increase fares on their own as soon as the government drops a hint of an imminent hike.\"Union leader Shashank Rao admitted that he, too, had received information about some drivers overcharging. \"This is due to lack of awareness. Commuters should tell such drivers that the new fares will come into effect only after the revised tariff card is printed. We will also ask our members not to charge the new tariff till the MMRTA ratifies the recommended fares.\"Asked about the matter, transport commissioner V N More said the government has only approved the formula based on which the fares have to be calculated.\"A final decision on the fare hike is yet to be taken. The date for its implementation, too, has not been decided,\" he added.Times View: Crack the whipSome autorickshaw drivers seem to be back to their unscrupulous worst. The time has come for the government to take a fresh look at its carrot-and-stick policy of giving fare hikes and also making penal measures (for violation of rules) more stringent. What always happens is that the fare hikes come into immediate effect; the penal measures often stay on paper. The government, before agreeing to fare hikes, should extract some written commitment from unions, which champion drivers' causes, that the drivers would honour their share of the deal. Commuters don't ask for much; no refusal, no tampering of meters and no fleecing would be enough to make them happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647259", "title": "Shetkari Sanghatna seeks audit of irrigation projects", "text": "PUNE: The Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna, a farmers' organization, on Tuesday demanded technical and financial audit of dams sanctioned in the state in the last few years. The Sanghatna said that resignation of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar was not sufficient. All those involved in cost escalation of dams should be duly punished, the organization said.Kolhapur MP and founder of the Sanghatna Raju Shetty held a rally in support of Vijay Pandhare, chief engineer and a member of the state-level technical advisory committee of state water resources department, who wrote to the chief minister about the alleged irregularities in irrigation projects.The association's state unit president Sada Khot, Shiv Sena MLA from Purandar Vijay Shivtare, Prithviraj Jachak, a senior leader from Pawar's hometown Baramati, team Anna aide Vishambhar Chaudhary, Ajit Abhyankar, district secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist), and hundreds of farmers from western Maharashtra and Marathwada participated in the rally which started from Gandhi statue near Pune railway station and culminated at the Council Hall.Shetty said that a vicious campaign is on to target Pandhare who did his duty honestly. \"The irrigation scam has not only siphoned off tax payers' money but also deprived farmers of their basic requirement of water. The Sanghatna will intensify its agitation if Pandhare is targeted,\" he said.Shetty, who is an independent MP from Kolhapur, has decided to take forward his agitation against irregularities in cost escalation. He launched his 'Sangharsh Panyacha, Panchnama Bhrasthacharacha' (struggle for water, audit of corruption) campaign on Tuesday. Shetty said that awareness campaigns on irrigation scam and its connection with rural as well as urban people will be held across the state in the coming days. The stir will continue till December this year to force the state government to launch a probe into the scam.Vinay Pandhare under pressure but not unstable: KinShridhar Pandhare, the nephew of Vijay Pandhare who wrote to the CM about the alleged irrigation scam, also participated in the farmers' rally on Tuesday. \"My uncle, Vijay Pandhare, is currently at home and under tremendous pressure. Police protection has been provided to him. He is under pressure but not mentally unstable, as a section of political party claims,\" Shridhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hindupur", "code": "16646305", "title": "Telugu Desam Party chief begins padayatra", "text": "HINDUPUR: Telugu Desam Party president N Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday evening began his ambitious 117-day-long padayatra 'Vastunna Meekosam' from Hindupur in Anantapur district. He reached Hindupur at around 6 pm, one-and-a-half-hour behind the original schedule, and offered prayers at Suguru Anjaneya Swamy temple along with his family and brother-in-law N Harikrishna.\"This yatra is for the people and not for power. Hindupur is like a temple for the Nandamuri clan,\" Harikrishna said before Naidu embarked on his yatra. Senior party leaders Devendar Goud, Errabelli Dayakar Rao and Gali Muddukrishnama Naidu wished Naidu all success. The TDP president took a flight to Bangalore from Hyderabad and then reached Hindupur by road in a huge convoy.His family also performed Sri Laxmi Ganapathi homam at his ancestral home in Naravaripally in Chittoor district. The party's students' wing offered 108 coconuts to Lord Balaji while the mahila wing workers offered special prayers.Before proceeding to Hindupur, Naidu accompanied by wife Bhuvaneswari and son Lokesh, visited the NTR ghat in Hyderabad and paid floral tributes at the samadhi of his late father-in-law. Later, he garlanded the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at MG Road in Secunderabad on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647721", "title": "Directorate of Revenue Intelligence seizes sandalwood worth Rs 7cr", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A large cache of sandalwood which had cleared the Gujarat waters from Kandla port for Dubai was called back by Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials on Monday. The officials unearthed 26 tonnes of red sandalwood worth around Rs 7 crore inside two containers which were being passed off as marble slabs.Sources said that the containers were exported to Dubai on September 17 by a Surat-based company which also has an office in Jodhpur. However, days later DRI officials got a tip-off about the smuggling of sandalwood and the containers were called back.Sources said that the exporter from Surat had recently got a new import-export code and used it to smuggle the banned commodity. The international prices for red sandalwood, which is procured from forest in Andhra Pradesh (AP) and smuggled to Dubai and China, is pegged at over Rs 25 lakh per tonne.The exporter had declared the consignment as that of marble slab. However, as it is difficult to examine all the cargo, the containers left the Indian waters. Later, DRI received intelligence about the smuggling bid and the containers were called back from Dubai. In the last few years, Gujarat ports have become vulnerable for red sandalwood smuggling. DRI, customs and state agencies have in the last three years seized over 150 tonnes of red sandalwood which smugglers were trying to export to Dubai or China.Sources said that earlier red sandalwood export consignments were being shipped from companies in Mumbai or south Indian cities, but now exporters in Rajasthan and Delhi are using Gujarat port to smuggle out the banned wood.\"The sandalwood consignments are mostly declared as that as of sanitary ware, ceramic artifacts, wooden furniture or marble. Red sandalwood is smuggled out of forest in AP in trucks laden with different fruits or vegetables. Later it reaches Gujarat or other ports to be smuggled out,\" said a senior customs official.Officials said that till the exit routes at AP forest are sealed its difficult to thwart the smuggling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "16648110", "title": "Mahatma Gandhi held hostage by BS Yeddyurappa-KS Eshwarappa feud", "text": "SHIMOGA: Even Mahatma Gandhi is forced to take a back seat when the two big guns of state BJP, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and deputy CM KS Eshwarappa, continue their slug fest. Their running, increasingly bitter battle, resulted in the inauguration of the Gandhi Park in Shimoga on Tuesday to be postponed.As per the plan, Yeddyurappa was to open the 24-acre park on Gandhi Jayanti Day as he had sanctioned a sum of Rs 10 crore during his tenure for it and was closely monitoring the works. The Shimoga district administration had invited Yeddyurappa to inaugurate the park and invitations had been printed.It is learnt that Eshwarappa, who is also Shimoga district in-charge minister, opposed the move and ordered postponement of the inauguration, insisting he should be inaugurating the park in his capacity as district minister.Enraged by this, Yeddyurappa, who was in Shimoga, vowed that he would not share the dais henceforth with Eshwarappa for any programme. \"All is not well in the BJP. I will wait till December to take a decision on my political future. The people and my supporters are with me and I will tour the state once again,\" the former CM said.Declining to comment on the developments, Eshwarappa said the city municipal council would take a decision on the park's inauguration. Unperturbed by the leaders' tussle, the public thronged the park to garland Gandhi's statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648046", "title": "CIC: Update info on mercy pleas\u2019 status", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CIC has asked the President's office to update information on the status of mercy petitions on its website expressing concern over the \"anxiety\" of petitioners. In an order CIC Satyananda Mishra directed the Central Public Information Officer to place the order before the competent authority to make appropriate provisions for disclosing, possibly on the website, the progress made in the case of each mercy petition.Hearing the plea of Odisha-based Siva Sankar Chaini, Mishra said, \"It is likely that there is no single record containing the reason for any mercy petition pending for a period longer that what is reasonable. However, the anxiety of the citizens can also be understood when any particular mercy petition keeps pending for an unreasonably long period.\" Mishra said it would be necessary to publish, from time to time, the progress in the case of mercy petitions. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647221", "title": "Durga idols return to tradition", "text": "KOLKATA: After two decades of experimenting with ideas and themes, Durga Puja is returning to its traditional roots. Artisans crafting idols at Kumartuli said 90% of idols this year followed the tradition style, marking a return of the features and colour schemes that dominated pujas till the early 1990s. Thereafter, the theme bug bit organizers who demanded innovations in the idols as well.\"It's the grand comeback of traditional idols and a return of the craft that was passed down generations.The Goddess will once again sport wide eyes. A single backdrop or 'ekchala' will embrace Durga as well as her children Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ganesh and Kartik. The colour scheme will be traditional as well,\" said Ranjit Sarkar, secretary of Kumartuli Mritshilpa Sanskriti Samiti, a forum of artisans and artists who craft 70% of idols.With less than three weeks to go for Puja, most idols have already taken shape. Artists are now adding colour to the clay's gray and infuse life into the idols. A peek into the ramshackle studios crammed with idols reveals that age-old expression in Durga's face - a curious mix of anger and serenity - as she slays the evil demon. The Asura with blood curdling eyes and weapon raised to strike also looks more menacing than the near-human devil in idols crafted for theme pujas.Durga Puja became a popular community festival in the city in the early 20th century. Since then, the style of idols remained unchanged till mid-1990s when the urge to be different to attract crowds led to theme-based Pujas. Initially, organizers stressed on innovation in pandals only. Before long, organizers started demanding innovations in the idol as well to suit the theme. Thus, if a north Indian temple was showcased, the Durga idol resembled Ma Jagdamba. If a puja committee recreated a temple in west India, the idol was painted white with hairline cracks to give it a marble effect. If the pandal was on the lines of a fort or dilapidated house, the deity acquired an ancient dark hue to match the period.\"The idols specially crafted for theme pujas are artistically more challenging and perhaps qualitatively superior than traditional idols that are life-like. But it is these idols that invoke a sense of piety while one could walk through a theme pandal without feeling anything beyond admiration for the artistic excellence,\" said samiti executive committee member Biswanath Dey.Over the years, there have been some pujas like Bagbazar Sarbajonin and Shimla Byam Samiti who have stuck to tradition while others have returned after flirting with themes for a decade or more. According to master artisan Naba Kumar Pal, it is in search of uniqueness to attract more pandal-hoppers that lead to changes in the style of idols.\"The quest for new is not just restricted to fashion and apparel. It extends to the idols as well. When a puja committee created a theme and grabbed eyeballs, others followed suit. By 2005, one in every community Durga Puja had become a theme. This trend remained till a couple of years ago. Then, they realized there was an overdose of theme. This year, the demand for thematic idols has plunged to one in 10. I firmly believe tradition cannot be discarded,\" said Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649216", "title": "Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme takes off in state", "text": "NAGPUR: If the increasing number of projects being completed and the money spent on them is any indication, Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS), a central government scheme, which was not being implemented well until a few years back in state, is emerging as a boon for the rural poor. In last financial year, the total expenditure in state touched Rs1525 crore, the highest ever covering 2,68,680 projects.This year, in six months since March alone, this figure has touched Rs900 crore. Officials say the expenditure in 2012-13 could reach Rs2500 crore. This change has occurred mainly after the state government created a MNREGS commissionerate (Maharashtra) with headquarters in the city last December. The expenditure on various projects under the scheme in state was just Rs310.36 crore in 2010-11 which has shot up almost five times in past one year and is likely to rise by eight fold in the next.Sharing some of the new additions in the scheme this year and future plans, the MNREGS deputy commissioner Uday Patil told TOI the state government has recently included 'farm ponds', both small and big, under the scheme. The main beneficiaries of the farm ponds are scheduled castes, below poverty line (BPL) residents, Land Reform schemes, Indira Awas Yojna, marginal farmers (below 5 acres of land) who are beneficiaries of the 2008 loan waiver and the Scheduled Tribe and other traditional residents (recognition of forest rights).The scheme has provision of nine different sizes ponds for these beneficiaries beginning from 10X10X3m to 30X30X3m. \"The scheme picked up after the state took it up as a priority. The GR including farm ponds in MNREGS came just last month on August 21 based on the decision taken by the government on December 14, 2011,\" said Patil. The deputy commissioner gives the credit of success of the scheme in the last one year to V Giriraj, principal secretary of EGS in Maharashtra who has been relentlessly working for betterment of the scheme and expanding its reach.For the largest size pond government spends Rs 1.43 lakh in all areas except hilly areas where the cost has been reduced to Rs1.30lakh. The other main works expected to guarantee at least 100 days employment to the beneficiaries include wells, internal rural roads and horticulture plantations. The subsidy under the MNREGS has been increased from Rs35,000 per hectare to Rs 99,000/ha for horticulture plantations.Patil said the state government is launching a massive awareness campaign about different projects and who could be the beneficiaries from October 2, Mahatma Gandhi's birthday. The benefits of the scheme are more visible in Gondia, Chandrapur, Gadchiroli and Bhandara districts as these districts were covered in the first phase while others were covered later.Projects completed and cost (in Rs cr)* 783 flood control structures- 9.18* 26,664 rural connectivity roads- 476.91* 96, 593 water conservation and water harvesting structures- 462.5* Renovation of 17,024 traditional water bodies- 69.75* 61,016 drought proofing structures- 192.44e-muster to bring in greater transparencyTo make the scheme more transparent, the state government has introduced an e-muster. The initiative tried successfully first in Wadwa tehsil in Sangli district will be replicated in all 32 districts from October 1. Training of staff is already on. \"E-muster basically is aimed at preventing any tempering of records to avoid corruption,\" said Patil. It involves entering the names of all applicants demanding jobs under the scheme in advance for a week digitally by the gram panchayat and panchayat samitis staff at tehsil places. The worker has to, however, just fill Form 4. Only those registered in advance will be given the job with no additions or deletions.No names can be added at backdate or after the names have been fixed for a particular work. The wage list will be also prepared based on the e-muster. The wages (Rs 145 per day) will be directly deposited in the worker's account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648602", "title": "South Africa assures CBI chief all help in Denel arms case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major reprieve for CBI, director A P Singh, who met officials of department of public enterprises (DPE) and South African defence secretary last week, has been assured by authorities there that they will provide all the necessary information to the agency in the seven-year-old Denel arms case. Denel, the South African state-owned enterprise, had entered into a contract with a British agent for supplying 1,200 bunker-buster anti-material rifles to India in 2003, but CBI registered a case after irregularities were found.Agency sources say that several Letter Rogatories (LRs) had been sent to South Africa in past few years, but they never replied. \"In our meeting last week, the DPE officials of South Africa have assured us that they will reply to our LRs,\" said a senior CBI official. Agency sources say that they would be able to file a charge sheet in the case soon.Another senior CBI official had accompanied Singh on his trip to SA.The case of alleged payoff by Denel to a British agent - Isle of Man-based Varas Associates \u2014 to secure an Indian rifles contract during the NDA regime in 2003 was given to CBI in June, 2005.According to the agency, Denel was to supply 1,200 rifles and ammunition, but only 300 rifles were delivered. CBI had found during preliminary investigations that commission was paid to some middlemen for giving contract to Denel.The ministry of defence (MoD)) had found that Denel paid 12.75% of the deal value as commission to Varas Associates for securing the contract. It was alleged that Denel had paid about Rs 20 crore to obtain confidential documents from the MoD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646638", "title": "Did victims of double murder know killer?", "text": "MUMBAI: Cellphones of the two women killed in a Bhayander flat on Monday night are believed to be missing.The bodies of Flora Rodrigues (44) and her friend Shilpa Gandhi (38) were found in the former's first floor flat at Hema Kunj, Bassein Catholic Bank Road, Bhayander (W), when Flora's son Nigel (20) came home to meet his mother at around 9pm on Monday.Though the police have ruled out robbery as a motive, the cellphones of both the victims are missing from the flat. Cops are ascertaining whether the killers were known to the victims as there was no forced entry into the house.The women were brutally assaulted on the chest, head and body with a sharp weapon. Flora used to stay alone as her husband was working in the United Kingdom . Nigel used to stay with his maternal grandmother in Vasai. His younger brother Chris was staying in a hostel outside the city.Flora and Shilpa had recently joined a health club and used to go for morning walks together. Shilpa stayed with her two daughters and husband in her Shashikant Nagar apartment, located just across the road where Flora resided, the police said.Neighbours said the women were close friends. Shilpa had been staying in Flora's flat since Sunday.A case of murder under Section 302 of the IPC has been registered against unknown persons. The police are awaiting the post-mortem report to ascertain the time and cause of death. Flora's husband Patrick is expected to arrive from abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16646816", "title": "Wives lose their charm with age, remarks Jaiswal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Yet to rub off the Coalgate scam, Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal got embroiled in another controversy by saying wives lose their charm with the passage of time, triggering a tsunami of criticism from women's groups, social organizations and political parties alike. Although Jaiswal beat a hasty retreat, apologizing for the \"light-hearted comment\", the controversy is far from over.Speaking during a kavi sammelan (gathering of poets) at KK Girl's College in Kanpur on Sunday evening, Jaiswal stopped midway on hearing celebratory fireworks after India beat Pakistan at the T20 world Cup. Unable to resist a dig, Jaiswal said, \"Nayi jeet aur nayi shaadi ka apna mahatva hota hai. Jaise jaise samay beetega, jeet ki yaadein purani hoti jayengi; jaise samay beet-ta hai, patni purani hoti jati hai, voh maza nahi rehta hai.\" (A new victory and new marriage have their own importance. With time, memories of victory dim. With time, wives lose their charm, there's no enjoyment.)The comments were aired on TV channels on Tuesday, and women's activists as well as NGOs demonstrated outside his house, burning his effigies. His photographs were garlanded with shoes and slippers. National Commission of Women slammed Jaiswal for his \"unfortunate, abusive and insulting\" comment and sought an apology.\"The comments were almost abusive. He said that for all the women of this country. It's extremely unfortunate that somebody makes such comment after reaching such stature in politics. This is wrong and we will write to the Congress high command about this,\" said NCW chief Mamata Sharma.BJP demanded Jaiswal's removal from the Union cabinet with Nirmala Sitharaman saying, \"We can judge Congress's standards on the basis of these utterances, how low it can go.\"Jaiswal said, \"There is humour, satire in a kavi sammelan, it must be seen in that context. I am a member of the Congress, which respects women, mothers, sisters. I don't want to comment on those adding political colour to this. However, if I have even remotely hurt their (women's) sentiments, I apologise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16649329", "title": "Pracharak blooms, Parivar wilts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When a pracharak took over reins of Gujarat, already dubbed as the laboratory of Hindutva, everybody believed that the Sangh Parivar would grow stronger in the state. But, 4,000-days Narendra Modi rule has scripted a different story. While Moditva has blossomed, Hindutva outfits have taken a beating.The membership of most Sangh-affiliated outfits has plummeted. The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS), which ran about 1,500 shakhas in Gujarat until 2001, when Modi took centre-stage, manages just about 1,000 shakhas today. Attendance is down by an estimated 50 per cent.Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS), Durga Vahini, Bajrang Dal, Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, Vanvasi Kalyan Parishad, among other parivar's branches, have withered.Ten years ago, ABVP had a membership base of 94,000 students. Today, it has halved. BKS, which had 22.5 lakh members in 2003, when the body fought tooth and nail against Modi government over the issue of electricity to farmers, is the worst sufferer with the membership having shrunk to just over 6 lakh.Senior Sangh functionaries say the trend is not just limited to Gujarat. \"But Modi has not patronized Parivar outfits at all. He built his own brand but damaged other organizations,\" says Ranchod Bharwad, general secretary of VHP.There have been conflicts between Modi and the various Sangh Parivar outfits. Bharwad says VHP is upset with Modi government over the issue of demolition of illegal temple structures, allotting grazing land to industrial houses and cow slaughter.The BKS was forcibly evicted from their Gandhinagar office building by the state government in 2005.\"We could pressurize Congress governments through strong agitations but Modi has reversed all that,\" says Mangalbhai Patel, former organising secretary of BKS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16648637", "title": "Two drown in Garhwa's Tulsi Damar mines", "text": "GARHWA: Two persons got drowned in a gorge of Tulsi Damar mines, which was full of rain water, in Nagar Untari police station area of the district, 40 km from the district headquarters at around 10am on Tuesday.The deceased were identified as Mukesh Yadav (15) son of Sitaram Yadav and Ravi Yadav (20) son of Gudum Yadav (both of the same family) of Daheria village under Nagar Untari police station area.Sources said that both had gone to take bath into the gorge as most people do.Tulsi Damar mines was left abandoned after digging out limestones from there.The mine gorge has been inundated with rain water.Villagers living nearby use to take bath there. The bodies of the deceased were fished out after a two-hour search.Police have sent the bodies to Garhwa Sadar Hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "the medical education cell of the goa medical college (gmc), bambolim, in association with the plastic surgery unit of gmc's department of surgery, will conduct a workshop on burns on october 4 and 5. the faculty for the workshop will comprise dr s m keshwani, director, national burns centre, airoli-navi mumbai. this educational activity will include a special opd for burns patients on october 4 at 2.30pm and an operative workshop on october 5 on management of burns deformities, followed by a lecture on 'what's new in burns' at 3pm in gmc's library auditorium. screening of cases for the workshop will be in the plastic surgery opd (ph", "code": "16648956", "title": "Workshop on burns at Goa Medical College", "text": "The medical education cell of the Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, in association with the plastic surgery unit of GMC's department of surgery, will conduct a workshop on burns on October 4 and 5. The faculty for the workshop will comprise Dr S M Keshwani, director, National Burns Centre, Airoli-Navi Mumbai. This educational activity will include a special OPD for burns patients on October 4 at 2.30pm and an operative workshop on October 5 on management of burns deformities, followed by a lecture on 'What's new in burns' at 3pm in GMC's library auditorium. Screening of cases for the workshop will be in the plastic surgery OPD (Ph: 2495327) on Thursday between 9am and 11.30am. This programme will be coordinated by Dr Yuri Dias Amborcar, plastic surgeon from GMC. The CME is organized by medical education cell and Dr S M Bandekar.Seminar on 'urban farming': Krishi Vigyan Kendra of ICAR Research Complex, Ela, Old Goa, has planned a day-long seminar on 'Urban Farming' on October 6, at the complex's training hall. Experts will deliver lecture-cum-demonstrations on home gardening, green building, terrace gardening, pot culture, vermicomposting, herbal garden, backyard poultry, solid-waste management, organic farming, etc. For registration contact Raj Narayan, programme coordinator, KVK, (Ph: 9766448827) or V Y Gaonkar, subject matter specialist (horticulture) (Ph: 9422643739), on or before October 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646473", "title": "Chicken fest against Gandhi\u2019s \u2018ahimsa\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a symbolic protest, dalit and OBC students of Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University held a 'chicken festival' at Triveni Hostel on OU campus as a mark of their disagreement with Gandhi's 'ahimsa'. The festival was held in protest against ban on non-vegetarian food in the mess on Gandhi Jayanti. Students, who attended the function, stated that Gandhi by upholding 'Manusmrithi' had inflicted a form of violence against certain sections of the society.The festival, which was attended by 100 students, was meant to reiterate the criticism levelled against Gandhi's 'casteist' ideas by B R Ambedkar. The programme was organised by Madiga Students' Federation (MSF), Bahujan Students' Front (BSF), SC/St Vidyarthi Sangham and Telangana Students' Association. The meeting was attended by students from OU and Eflu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16653261", "title": "Maoist leader, couple surrender in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Fed up with Maoist style of functioning, a senior Naxalite leader and a rebel couple on Wednesday surrendered before the police in Rajnandgaon district of Chhattisgarh .Rajnandgaon district superintendent of police Dr Sanjeev Shukla told TOI over telephone that Murli alias Budkar Hidami, a member of outlawed CPI (Maoist) area committee and commander of local operating squad (LOS), surrendered along with two other Maoists.Another Maoist Shantilal and his wife Deema Salami also surrendered before the police, expressing their desire to return to the political mainstream. \"The surrendered Naxalites did not bring any weapon. All the three Naxalites will get the benefits as provided in the rehabilitation policies both of the centre as well as the state government,\" he said adding that the state's surrender policy provides for giving financial help to them to earn their livelihood. He said the police would make arrangements to provide them necessary training.Quoting the surrendered Naxalites, a police spokesman said Murli was a close aide of Naxal leader Diwakar of Tipragarh area divisional committee.Murli got fed up with Maoist activities and their style of functioning after Diwakar was killed by Naxalites from Andhra Pradesh. Woman Naxalite Deema Salami was an active member of Chetna Natya Manch, the cultural wing of the Communist Party of India (Maoist).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16649364", "title": "Farmers to lay siege to KRS dam today", "text": "BANGALORE: On Gandhi Jayanti day, the farmers of the Cauvery basin resolved to launch a 'non-cooperation movement' protesting against the release of water to Tamil Nadu .The agitators, who continued to block the Bangalore-Mysore highway and hold protest marches across the basin areas, have decided to lay siege to KRS dam in Mandya district on Wednesday. After a meeting, Cauvery Hitharakshana Samiti chief and former MP G Made Gowda announced that the people of the region would defy the government by refusing to pay taxes.The Samiti has called upon the people to send at least one member from their family for the 'KRS Chalo' agitation on Wednesday. The farmers of Mandya are also angry with the people of Bangalore. Upset with the poor response from Bangaloreans over the release of water, hundreds of people stormed the TK Halli pumping station (from where water is supplied to Bangalore city) and forced the officials to stop the pumps.Gowda said, \"We staged a symbolic protest near the water station on Tuesday demanding that water pumping be stopped. We want Bangaloreans who get Cauvery water to join us in the protest to put pressure on the government against release of water. We will lay siege to KRS dam on Wednesday after converging at Belagola.''Pontiffs put pressurePontiffs Sri Balagangadharanatha Swamy of Adi Chunchanagiri Mutt and Sri Shivarathrishwara Deshikendra Swamy of Suttur Mutt held a meeting with the politicians, farmers' leaders and activists and urged the state government to stop the release of water immediately. The MLAS from the region, Mandya MP N Cheluvarayaswamy, actor and former Union minister M H Ambareesh and Karnataka Rakshana Vedike president T A Narayana Gowda, were among those who were present at the meeting. The meeting resolved to intensify the stir in all the districts of the basin.G Made Gowda said that a delegation led by him would meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and request him to review his order . Forest minister C P Yogeshwar , who was also present in the meeting, said that it would not be possible to stop the release of water, as it is a SC directive.Cloud-seeding sopThe state government, which has planned to file a review petition before the Supreme Court on Wednesday, tried to defuse the escalating tension, but in vain. To appease the farmers, the government announced that it would implement cloud-seeding in the Cauvery basin for water. \"We have earmarked Rs 5 crore to harvest clouds. The tenders will be called shortly,'' water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai said.The minister along with chief secretary S V Ranganath held discussions with former PM H D Deve Gowda and sought advice to handle the crisis, both on the ground and in the apex court. He also met Sri Balagangadharanatha Swamy and Sri Shivarathrishwara Deshikendra Swamy to seek their support.Bus services haltedOn Wednesday too inter-state connectivity took a beating. Buses came to a grinding halt between 7am and 3pm on the Bangalore-Mysore highway following road blocks at various points between Maddur and Mandya. Both KSRTC and private buses were off roads in Mandya. Activists on Tuesday outwitted security agencies and paramilitary forces by entering Kabini dam on coracles to protest against the release of Cauvery water.Will move Supreme Court: Chief ministerKarnataka will appeal to the Supreme Court seeking review of the Cauvery order, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said on Tuesday . He said the government had no choice but to abide by the apex court's order. \"We had approached the Cauvery River Authority, chaired by the Prime Minister, seeking justice over the issue. We had to abide by the SC order and accordingly we have released water till today. We are hopeful of resolving the issue,\" he said. TNNSeers ask Bangaloreans to join protestAt a meeting held by pontiffs Sri Shivarathrishwara Deshikendra Swamy of Suttur Mutt and Sri Balagangadharanath Swamy of Adi Chunchanagiri Mutt with politicians, farmers' leaders and activists, the seers asked the people of Bangalore to participate in the agitation.Other speakers expressed their anguish over the poor response of Bangaloreans to the movement. Some pro-Kannada organizations suggested that water supply to Bangalore be cut off. The seers assertion came even as scores of protesters laid siege to the TK Halli pumping station that supplies water to Bangalore city. The protesters were residents of Hadli and other villages. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16648221", "title": "Infrastructure development going skyward", "text": "SURAT: Commuting in some of the most congested places in the city will become a tad easier.Surat Municipal Corporation ( SMC) is drawing up a plan to build skywalks and skybridges in several high-density areas.\"Looking ahead, we have to think in terms of segregating vehicular traffic from the pedestrian traffic. Till now we have made huge provisions and work is underway in building infrastructure for vehicular traffic. The next stage is for making space for pedestrian traffic to easily move along in high-density areas,\" said Bhimji Patel, chairman, standing committee of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC).The ruling party is planning building skywalks and skyway bridges in few areas where walkers choke for space like railway station, Ring Road and highly-developed Athwalines and Surat-Dumas Road too.\"We plan to connect all the textile markets of Ring Road with skywalk or bridge facility,\" said Patel.A detailed note in this regard has been sent to the bridge cell.Textile market stretches for 6.4 km on Ring Road and houses more than 120 markets. These markets are located on two sides of the road. At present, during the day, the traffic density on this road is more than 25,000 vehicles per hour.The human movement is also very high with labor pulling hand carts and even shouldering huge sacks of materials on their back, resulting in heavy congestion.\"Provisions will be made in the next year's budget to initiate the project,\" he added.In high-density areas of railway station too, skywalks on the lines of Mumbai are being planned. Mumbai has constructed 36 skywalks in many of its suburbs. It has country's and one of the world's biggest skywalk of 1,395 metres in Borivali west.\"We need people to go safely and without wasting time once they get out from station junction. Eight different directions are most commonly used and we think skywalks of 200 to 500 metres could serve this purpose,\" said a top official of bridge cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16647877", "title": "Govt readies records for Shah panel scrutiny", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tainted by the mega mining scam, the state government has piled all records for scrutiny by the B M Shah judicial commission that is scheduled to reach here on Wednesday.The six-member team of the commission will stay for a week during which all relevant records pertaining to nearly 143 iron ore and manganese mines are likely to be examined thoroughly, officials said here. This would be the commission's second visit to the state. It had visited mines areas in Keonjhar district and heard the public there during its first visit in December last. \"We are not aware whether or not the commission would visit mines this time. Those details would be worked out after its arrival here,\" said a senior official in the mines department. \"The mines in Koida area of Sundergarh district, which the commission could not go last time, would most probably the destination this time in case it wants to make spot visits,\" the official pointed out. Different political parties, civil society organizations and concerned individuals are likely to visit the commission and present their views on the mining scam in Odisha.The mining scam is one of the major allegations of corruption hanging like a Damocles' sword on the Naveen Patnaik government. When the scam surfaced the government ostensibly to sweep the issue under the carpet tried its best to project it as an opposition conspiracy and denied the charges. As the public outcry showed no sign of abating, the government finally admitted to illegal mining, but refused to respond to widespread demand for CBI probe. The government instead handed over the investigation to the state vigilance department, strengthening public suspicion that it was in no mood to nail the culprits. The government thus far has not come out with any concrete estimate on the volume of illegal mining done in the state. But unofficial estimate put the magnitude of the scam between Rs two lakh to Rs three lakh crores.In the last 10 years 545 million tons of iron ore were raised in Odisha as against 326 million tons from 1947 to 2000, an official said quoting a complaint lodged before the Shah commission. The worst affected districts are Keonjhar, Sundergarh and Jajpur from where thousands of trucks looted the precious and unobtainable ore for over five years. Though district administration, police, mining department squads, Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM), forest officials were all present, every agency mysteriously chose to close their eyes as the ore smugglers continued their looting. They even printed their own way bills and other documents to dodge possible checks. Allegations have been made that siphoning of ore in this scale could not have been possible but for the connivance of people in power. Cases seeking among others CBI probe have since been pending in courts.With the state government not paying heed to the repeated demands for action against the culprits, hopes for justice revived in public when the Central government on 22nd November 2010 announced constitution of the judicial inquiry commission with the mandate that it would probe illegal mining in different states including Odisha. The official notification stated 'the regulation and development of all natural resources including minerals are vested in the state as a matter of trust' and observed that 'illegal mining has taken place in large scale' flouting all rules. It attributed the illegal mining to 'inadequacies in the regulatory framework'.The state government apparently perturbed by the Central government's move has in the meanwhile banned transport of ore by road and announced measures like formation of a state task force headed by the chief secretary saying that it is keen on bringing transparency in the mining activities. But officials admitted ore theft had been continuing as before. Ahead of the shah commission's visit the task force met here two days back to take stock of the situation, where it was revealed that between May to August the sate enforcement squads conducted 65 raids and seized 71,790 tons of iron and chromites. The squad realized Rs 13,65,792 towards compounding fees and penalty, indicating that the ore mafia network is still active. \"Whatever measures the state government may claim to have put in place now, the culprits responsible for the looting of ores worth lakhs of rupees need to be identified and punished. We hope the commission to address this issue seriously,\" said Rabi Das, who took the mining scam to the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16648118", "title": "Low-cost rocket engine test in March", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The country's first air-breathing propulsion system (ABPS) will be tested in March in Kerala. The air-breathing technology, still in its early stages of development, will engine the ambitious reusable launch vehicle (RLV) programme.The RLV programme aims at cutting down space budgets by using the same vehicle for subsequent launches. The RLV, sources said, would bring down the launch cost by 1/10 of the existing expenses.At present, the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) incurs between Rs 80 crore and Rs 110 crore for its workhorse, the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle. Together with the cost of the satellite, each launch costs the space agency anything above Rs 500 crore. Similarly, the Geo-synchronous Launch Vehicle (GSLV) costs in the range of Rs 175 crore-230 crore.\"Apart from bringing down the cost, the reusable concept also reduces weight of the rocket. This would help us launch heavier or multiple objects and attract other nations looking for cheaper launch options to India,\" sources said. At present, India charges about $20,000/kg to $24,000/kg for offering satellite launches. Isro would be able to bring this cost down considerably once the RLV technology is proven.Being developed at the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC), the air-breathing system, as its name denotes, uses atmospheric air as oxidizer. In short, rockets will have to only carry the propellant on board instead of tanking fuel and oxidizer adding to the total weight.Isro is planning to place the ABPS on a sounding rocket in Rohini series, RH 560, for the test flight. The ABPS will suck atmospheric air into its system during the flight on RH 560. Thus, by the time the RLV leaves earth's atmosphere, its engine (or ABPS) would have filled itself with enough oxygen that would power its flight to the designated orbit. The RLV will then re-enter earth's atmosphere and land either like a conventional aircraft or with the help of a parachute. \"After an initial test flight, it will be used in RLV,\" VSSC director P S Veeraraghavan told TOI.The development of advanced ABPS is still in nascent stages in many countries including Australia, Japan and China, except the US which had carried out an in-flight experiment of supersonic combustion, said scientists at VSSC. \"Our RLV would take another year before it is test flown,\" said VSSC associate director and head of technology transfer group John P Zachariah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16649487", "title": "Growth experts debate what next in Bihar", "text": "LONDON: You may call it a coincidence, but experts at the Growth Week 2012 conference at the London School of Economics ( LSE) and Political Science hotly debated 'what next in Bihar' last week - around the same time when chief minister Nitish Kumar was sweating buckets to mobilize support for 'special state' status to Bihar which the economists refer to as the 'south of south'.\"A state of 103 million people 82% of whom live in villages... Bankers say there has not been much entrepreneurship to lend to...,\" recalled LSE's professor of economics Robin Burgess about his recent visit to Bihar as he asked the participants to ponder over the state's journey ahead.The participants included the who's who of the world's academia, especially from the south, and 'Bihar-India' was the topic of one of the sessions at the event organized by the LSE's International Growth Centre. University of California , San Diego (UCSD)'s assistant professor Karthik Muralidharan made a presentation on the findings of a study done by him and University of Connecticut's Nishith Prakash on 'Cycling to School: Increasing High School Enrolment for Girls in Bihar' while Queen Mary University of London's Prof Sushanta Mallick revealed the findings of his study on 'Financial Intermediation and Economic Growth in Bihar'.Muralidharan's study covered the \"drawbacks\" of the bicycle scheme, including media reports on fake enrolments, and still talked about \"suggestive evidence\" of 20% increase in enrolment and reduction of gender gap in enrolment by 25% as a result of the scheme.As against the national average credit:deposit (CD) ratio of 73%, 109% in Tamil Nadu , 90% in Maharashtra and 80% in Rajasthan between 2004 and 2010, the average CD ratio in Bihar has been less than 32% during the period, found Prof Mallick's study while assessing the effectiveness of banking sector's contributions to the development of Bihar. The study, however, noted the government's interventions to ensure distribution of Kisan credit cards and opening of new bank branches were positively impacting per capita income in the state.\"Bihar's transformation has captured the imagination of people across the world,\" said LSE's Prof Maitreesh Ghatak who found nothing wrong in Bihar \"exporting\" skilled people to all across the globe. \"They are earning handsomely,\" he pointed out and added the agri sector back home, however, \"remained feudal which dampened productivity\".Agri sector and local entrepreneurship must be given emphasis, sort of chorused almost all the experts from India who included ex-bureaucrat T Nanda Kumar, International Centre for Information Systems and Audit DG Govind Bhattacharjee and ADRI's Shaibal Gupta and P P Ghosh. While they underlined the positive signs such as the Kumar government's stress on the road, health and power sectors as well as fast-bettering agri scenario, many of them regretted urbanization hasn't happened beyond Patna .\"But to grow further, we do need special state status... because the cognitive world of the people in coastal regions like Gujarat is different from that of the people in landlocked regions,\" said Gupta, and the participants nodded.[The writer was in London last week at the invite of International Growth Centre]", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16648959", "title": "Lokayukta team must be of impeccable integrity", "text": "The Goa government should have no role to play in the selection of staff for the Lokayukta. It should be the Lokayukta himself who should screen and select the entire team of officers and staff that will work under him, so as to prevent persons with political connections from infiltrating into the Lokayukta machinery. The team ought to be of impeccable integrity and extraordinary ability otherwise it would be an exercise in futility if it ends up like another politically controlled and manipulated vigilance department. As per the Goa Lokayukta Act, the Lokayukta would be empowered to investigate all complaints of corruption and maladministration. While the Lokayukta should be speedily appointed he needs be a person of caliber, character, moral strength and conviction to remedy the rampant corruption and maladministration that Goa continues to find itself enveloped in.Aires Rodrigues Stand fast Mr chief ministerMr chief minister, you do not have to give in to the truck and barge lobby. When the going was good these people made obscene amounts of money transporting illicit ore. Trucks used for transporting ore can very well be used for other purposes. The only reason these truck owners are idling is because transporting ore was a very lucrative business. All business goes through ups and downs. Like everyone else did during the recession, these folks are going to have to find temporary use for their assets or sit tight until the fair winds resume. Do not hurry your decisions and betray the trust the ordinary people have bestowed in you.John D'Costa Hurrah for the shacks policyAt last there is a shacks policy and if implemented, it will be a welcome change to safety and law and order against a free for all chaos and corruption. Most upright tourists will welcome this change and the people of Goa will have got back some of their beach. The money making racketeers and touts will of course be sore, and so will some of the police and other official scroungers. The Supreme Court has laid down guidelines and chief minister Manohar Parrikar is following them in letter and spirit. The tourism authorities and local MLAs must not bow to gain cheap popularity by bending these rules but see that the policy is indeed implemented.John Eric Gomes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647205", "title": "Cabbies take Kolkatans for a ride", "text": "KOLKATA: Travelling by taxi has suddenly become more expensive in Kolkata even without a fare hike. Cabbies who earlier asked for a tip are now demanding a 'surcharge' on the metered fare to offset their loss from the diesel price hike. In areas not connected by the Metro network, the extra charge is as high as 40-50% of the regular fare.Baguihati resident Sangeeta Sarkar has suddenly discovered that she was spending far more on taxi rides than she had been till a month ago. Every time she hopped into a taxi to reach her office in Esplanade, the driver invariably charged Rs 30-50 above the fare. In her hurry to reach office in time, she had been obliging without protest. \"For the first few days, I didn't take note. But then I realized that ever since the fuel price hike, cabbies have been charging arbitrarily. They refuse to go unless you agree to pay the extra amount. A fare hike would actually have been cheaper,\" said Sangeeta, who switched to buses last week.Sangeeta may not be off the mark. A taxi ride from Baguihati to Esplanade, about 13km, would cost around Rs 150 (including halting charge at traffic stops). If the government had agreed to the cabbies' demand (Rs 30 for the first 2km and Rs 2.50 every 200 metres thereafter), her fare would have come to around Rs 175. But Sangeeta ends up paying Rs 180-200 these days.The fleecing is worst in the peak hours and on the Esplanade, Howrah, Sealdah and Salt Lake routes. Behala residents are among the worst affected as they end up paying up to Rs 60 more per ride.The unofficial fare chart, drawn up by drivers, has hit Kolkatans hard in the pre-Puja season. Rana Chakrabarti, a private firm employee, said he was charged Rs 150 above the fare for a ride to Shibpur from AJC Bose Road. \"I have never come across anything like this. This is not fleecing, it's plain robbery,\" he said.Drivers argue that they wouldn't have to charge more if the government had agreed to their demand for a fare hike. The diesel hike has set them back by Rs 60-70, which they have to recover from commuters. \"Earlier, we managed to take home around Rs 200-250. Now, we can barely make Rs 150. In most cases, we charge reasonably. Passengers should understand that we are not fleecing them, but are merely trying to make up the loss,\" said Lalbahadur Singh, who has been driving a taxi in Kolkata for 24 years.Ashok Kumar , another driver, pointed out that fuel prices have been hiked nine times since the last taxi fare revision in August 2009. \"We realize that it's not fair to ask passengers for extra money but we have no option. Our earnings have dropped by 20-30%. Prices of essential commodities have been going up, too. How can we survive?\" he said.Bengal Taxi Association president Bimal Guha said it was difficult to prevent drivers from charging extra unless a fare revision was effected. \"It's high time that the government raised taxi fares. If drivers don't charge extra, they will have to stop driving and look for other ways to earn,\" said Guha.However, Bimal Pandey a taxi driver on SN Banerjee Road, argues that an operator can manage without charging extra. \"If I don't refuse passengers, I can earn Rs 1,100 to Rs 1,200 by the end of the day. I have to give Rs 400 to the taxi owner as batchit (rent for the day). The fuel costs Rs 350 to Rs 400 and I can take home Rs 300 to Rs 400,\" Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647829", "title": "Three surrender, one held in film producer murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Three men on Tuesday surrendered at the magistrate's court in Egmore, claiming to have been part of a 20-member gang that hurled country-made bombs at the car of businessman-film producer P P G Kumaran and killed him in Sriperumbudur on Monday.Police had on Monday arrested one of the assailants, Praveen Kumar , 25, of Madurai. Investigators said Kumaran had been murdered over business rivalry.Gouse Batcha, 29, of Vyasarpadi, Kalaimani, 26, of Perambur and Samson, 26, of Kundrathur appeared before the 13th metropolitan magistrate in Egmore on Tuesday and said they had taken part in the deadly attack. The court informed the Sriperumbudur police about the surrender.The magistrate remanded the three men in judicial custody. \"We will take them into custody for interrogation. We have asked the court for custody of the suspects,\" said Sriperumbudur police inspector B Nagalingam.Eyewitnesses told police on Monday that at least 20 men were involved in the murder. Investigations revealed that Kumaran and Vairavan of Kundrathur were doing business together, procuring and selling spare parts from various companies. \"The partnership ended bitterly and Vairavan, blaming Kumaran for the failure of the venture, wanted to take revenge on him,\" a police officer said.Vairavan is currently lodged in Vellore prison, after he was arrested in the murder of an AIADMK member, Anbu, and his son Madan of Sirukalathur near Sriperumbudur a year ago.\"Investigations have revealed that Kumaran's murder was plotted due to business rivalry,\" Kancheepuram superintendent of police S Manoharan told TOI. Police suspect that Vairavan masterminded the murder from prison.Around 20 men attacked 35-year-old Kumaran in front of the Sriperumbudur town panchayat office on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16648841", "title": "Cop surrenders in gang rape case", "text": "INDORE: A police personnel, co-accused in the gang rape of a woman in a roadside Anmol dhaba at SR Compound on February 22, surrendered before the court on Tuesday. The court directed police to remand him in custody.According to the Lasudia police, the accused policeman Raghuveer Sikarwar was wanted in the infamous case. On the day of the incident, the victim who was with her husband, was raped by a group of six to seven persons at the dhaba. The husband of the victim was held hostage while the accused took turns to rape woman. Among the accused was Sikarwar who was absconding since February 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647285", "title": "Shiv idol near IGI likely to lose height", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Shiv idol that left almost a third of IGI airport's new runway unusable is likely to be reduced in height. A proposal has been sent to Airports Authority of India suggesting that the foundation of the statue be lowered so that the statue's height can be decreased by 12m. The project is expected to get clearance within this month.The new runway, touted to be Asia's longest at 4,430m, came under criticism for its location when it was being constructed as the Shiv idol located on NH-8 fell in its flight path. \"In order to clear this obstruction, aircraft had to glide a longer distance before landing. Another 300m has to be left from the start of the runway before they can touch down. The effective length of the runway thus available was only 2,970m,\" said an airport official.\"Secondly, in low visibility, flights require the runway visual range (RVR) machine at three points of the runway \u2014 start, mid and end. Because the new runway's threshold is displaced, the first RVR machine is located at 1,760m from the start of the runway. Another machine was recently placed at the start as well, and now the entire runway can be made available for big aircraft,\" said the official.The height of the statue is 19.81m, 11m more than the length specified in the no-objection certificate issued by AAI. The proposal by L&T; has suggested deepening of the foundation by 12m. Jayashree Trust that is in charge of the complex where the statue is located said that they had agreed to the proposal and were waiting for AAI to give them clearance to start work. \"The statue is hollow and cannot be moved. This is why it was decided to simply lower the foundation. Once AAI gives the green signal, work on the project can start,\" said an official.The pedestal on which the statue is located is 3.66m high and its foundation is 2.44m below the ground level. \"The new foundation will be 12m below the statue. The statue will be kept on a temporary platform and held in place using beams and temporary towers till the present foundation is dismantled and the new foundation is cast. Great care will have to be taken to ensure the statue is not damaged as it is not very strong structurally,\" said a source.Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd officials said that a substantial part of the new runway would be made available for use but AAI would have to conduct a study to know how much of the runway will finally be restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16648629", "title": "Bokaro administration accuses Electro Steel Limited of encroachment", "text": "BOKARO: At a time when Electro Steel Limited (ESL) -- the state's first Greenfield steel plant, is preparing to begin production in Chandankyari block of Bokaro -- it has been accused by the Bokaro district administration of encroaching on government and forest land to set up its infrastructure.In fact, ESL is at loggerheads with the district administration and Chandankyari legislator Umakant Rajak over the land issue. Both the district administration and Rajak have accused ESL of encroaching over 900 acres of land including gair majurwa (aam and khas) and notified forest lands. ESL has, however, claimed that it has not encroached even an inch of land but has purchased it legally from land owners.ESL is coming up with a steel plant on about 2,000 acres of land in Siyaljori and Bhagaband areas.Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar, while conducting a review meeting with Chas SDO Sanjay Singh, Chas DCLR Sundeep Ranjan, revenue magistrate (in-charge) Vijay Kumar Gupta and other officials concerned on Monday, issued a two-month deadline to submit a report with authentic figures and facts of the land encroached by the company.Kumar and other officials have swung into action following directive issued by revenue minister Mathura Mahto to the Bokaro administration to submit a detailed report related to land encroached by ESL. The state government is planning to take stern action against the company in case it is found to have illegally encroached land for its plant.The DC said, \"The figures will be verified once again. This time I have directed the officials to verify every inch of land in which ESL steel plant has come up at Chandankyari. The report will be sent to the government for taking suitable action.\"Gupta, however, said there was a mismatch in the figures related to land encroached by ESL between the forest department and district administration which would be verified. The forest department has been claiming that ESL has encroached 104 acres of its land while the circle officer, after assessing its own records, claimed 144 acres of forest land was under encroachment.ESL joint general manager C P Pandey said all allegations related to land encroachment was baseless. \"ESL purchased private land and registered it. It has not encroached any government or forest land. We have valid documents related to the lands and this can be verified,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16648955", "title": "Assistance under PM's employment generation programme", "text": "The government of India's Prime Minister's Employment Generation Programme is a credit-linked subsidy scheme that helps states across the country generate employment in both rural and urban areas. This scheme is implemented in rural areas by the Khadi and Village Industries Commission and the Khadi and Village Industries Board. In urban areas, the scheme is implemented by the district industries' centres. The scheme functions by providing financial assistance to the eligible sanctioned units in the state. This week we go through the procedures of accruing benefits under this scheme.EligibilityThe minimum age eligibility for an individual under this scheme is 18 years Only new business units are eligible to seek assistance under this scheme Self-help groups, who have not availed assistance under any other scheme, are also eligible to apply for assistance under this scheme Organizations must be registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860Documents requiredApplication form, available at any of the contact offices mentioned towards the end of this column 2 photographs Copy of proof of residence Project report Copy of provisional registration certificate (if applicable) Documents for premises or site where the unit is to be located (NOC from the owner, if applicable) Construction licence or estimates for workshed (if applicable)Applicant's qualification certificatesNOC from the panchayat Clearance from Goa State Pollution Control Board (if applicable) FDA licence (if applicable) NOC from the state health department (if applicable)Quantum of assistanceUnder this scheme, the bank releases 90-95% of the total project cost loan amount. The 10% of the project cost, in case of general category, and 5%, in case of special category borrowers, is borne by the beneficiary as own contributionProcedure for applicationThe applicant has to submit the above-mentioned documents along with the duly filled application form to the designated officeFollowing the scrutiny of the application, the applicant is interviewed by the district task force committee before the proposals are recommended to the banks concerned. The chief executive officer of the Goa Khadi and Village Industries board is the convener of the task force for both districts in the stateThe banks appraise the proposal on technical and economic grounds before allowing sanctionFollowing the bank's approval, the beneficiary undergoes an entrepreneurship development programme (EDP) training. In Goa, this is held at the EDP institutes at Agnel Technical Education, Verna and AssagoaAfter completion of the training, the beneficiary deposits his/her own contribution, following which the bank releases the first installment of the loanPoints to rememberIn line with RBI guidelines, no collateral security is required for projects with a value up to 5 lakhThe maximum project size that can be sanctioned under this scheme holds a value of 25 lakh for the manufacturing sector and 10 lakh for the service and business sectorsSanctioned units undergo 100% physical verificationCertain unit operations are not covered under this scheme, a list of which is available at any of the contact offices mentioned belowAddress/Contact detailsThe State Director, Khadi &amp; Village Industries Commission, Cedmar Apts, Swami Vivekanand Road, Panaji Goa - 403001 Phone: 2223676The Chief Executive Officer, Khadi &amp; Village Industries Board, 2nd floor, 2nd lift, Junta House, Panaji Goa - 403001 Phone: 2221452If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji - 403001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16652455", "title": "MNS goes with Shiv Sena in Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation", "text": "MUMBAI: Amidst growing speculation of a political reconciliation between Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray and Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray, the sole MNS corporator in the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) has joined hands with the Sena in the civic house.MNS corporator Arvind Thakur who had gone with the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alliance to form the ruling party in the MBMC has now extended his support to the Shiv Sena for the standing committee election. A letter expressing his support to the Sena has been sent to the Konkan Commission.While the Congress and NCP had fought the MBMC elections on August 12 independently, they formed an alliance to prevent the Sena-BJP from forming the government. Thakur along with the three Bahujan Vikas Aghadi (BVA) corporators supported the Congress-NCP during the mayoral and deputy mayoral elections on August 28. Despite emerging as the majority party with 43 seats, the Sena-BJP alliance had to be content with sitting in the opposition.With lobbying on for electing the standing committee members and chairperson, the calculations of the parties have again changed with Thakur supporting the Sena. In the 16-members standing committee, both the Congress-NCP and Sena-BJP now have eight corporators.Raj Thackeray on Monday met his ailing uncle Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray and Uddhav fueling speculation of reconciliation ahead of the 2014 general elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16649254", "title": "Agricultural road map focuses on road, green, power", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar in a bid to fulfill his promise of drastically improving the power scenario before 2015 assembly polls and making Bihar a 'green state', got two components incorporated \u2014 power and tree plantation \u2014 in the second agriculture road map, which will be formally unveiled by President Pranab Mukherjee here on Wednesday.During several rounds of meetings held for finalising the second road map, the CM had asked officials concerned to add as many components as possible which directly or indirectly affect the agriculture sector. The need for a separate power feeder for setting up tubewells was felt during these meetings and the same incorporated in the road map.As per the road map, a copy of which is with TOI, the state government will set up a separate feeder for operating tubewells with electricity within 10 years. This will help curb the use of diesel in agriculture sector.Under the Hariyali Mission, 24 crore trees will be planted in the next five years to increase the forest cover of the state from 9% to 15%. 'Vriksha Palaks', who will be selected from the weaker section of society, will look after the trees and, in return, get the benefits of the tree produce.The road map also talks about inter-linking of rivers and irrigation through surface water, in which water will be shifted from one river basin to another.The state government has also decided to complete the process of consolidation of land holdings in the next five years. In the next three years, a survey will be conducted covering the entire agricultural land of the state and a map prepared with the help of photographs taken from an aircraft for the consolidation purpose.\"Last year, we had a record production of food grains, which was more than the national average. If it continues, we will have a major storage problem. Keeping this in mind, the road map has fixed a target of 65 lakh tonnes storage capacity in five years, which will be extended up to 82 lakh tonnes in the next 10 years,\" said deputy director, agriculture (information), AC Jain.The road map has also fixed a target for cold storage capacity. At present, cold storages have the capacity of 11 lakh tonnes, which will be extended up to 75 lakh tonnes in five years and 100 lakh tonnes in the next 10 years.The state government has also made an elaborate plan to help farmers shift from chemical fertilizers to green fertilizers. Provision has been made for distribution of green fertilizer, vermi compost and bio-fertilizer for five years, aimed so as to lessen the use of chemicals in agriculture without affecting production.The entire road map involves an expenditure of Rs 1,52,511 crore, said Jain. \"The government has formed a resource management group under the leadership of chief secretary, which will take recourse to various Central schemes, Nabard and other agencies to generate necessary fund,\" he added.The road map also mentions that villages with a population of over 250 will be connected with pucca roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647832", "title": "Gujarat University asks colleges to conduct practical tests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) has directed colleges to conduct practical exams and send them the marks. Till now, the GU used to conduct the practical exams. Officials said that the decision follows the introduction of the semester system by the GU due to which two university exams are conducted instead of one. \"The university is highly burdened because of the semester system. If the GU conducts practical exams as well, the exam work will continue for four months in each semester,\" said a GU official. The colleges have been directed to conduct the practical exams and send the marks to GU. GU has also decided to discontinue the practice of considering a certain percentage of first and second year while computing the final percentage obtained after the third year exams. tnn \"From henceforth, marks obtained only in the fifth and sixth semester of the third year will be considered\", said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16648018", "title": "Bangaloreans must join protest, say farmers", "text": "MYSORE: A bunch of farmers on Tuesday protested near Thorekadanahalli water pumping station in Mandya district, from where Cauvery water is supplied to Bangalore demanding that water stop being pumped to the capital city. They demanded that Bangaloreans who get Cauvery water also join the protest to put pressure on the government.Police said a strong group of 400 farmers led by former MLA Madhu Made Gowda came to the station and demanded that the officials stop work. But they left after police intervened.Sources claimed that water station authorities suspended water pumping for a short while and resumed operation as soon as the protestors left the site. The protestors were there for about an hour from 2.30 pm.Madhu Made Gowda, a member of Cauvery Hitharakshana Samithi, told TOI: \"We staged a symbolic protest near the water station on Tuesday demanding that water pumping be stopped. We want Bangaloreans who get Cauvery water to join us in the protest to put pressure on the government against release of water.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16653479", "title": "Jokes not vulgar on Comedy Circus: Sargun Mehta", "text": "Actor Sargun Mehta seen in shows like 12/24 Karol Bagh, Geeta and Phulwa, recently debuted on Comedy Circus along with ace comedian Kapil Sharma.Like any actress who is experimenting with her performances, Sargun also looks for approval from close ones. \"Usually whenever I do a new show, I text my family and close friends to watch it and give their honest feedback. But this time I have not told them anything! When my family watched me on the show this time, they were surprised.\" But Sargun is very nervous about this debut as she feels doing comedy is a big challenge for her.But it's her co-contestant on the show, Kapil Sharma that makes all the difference to their act together. \"Undoubtedly it's been a very unique experience! I always treat my new show as a training ground so it's the same for Comedy Circus Ke Ajoobe. I learn new things everyday and also learn new ways of doing comedy.\" Sargun adds, \"He is the best comedian we have in recent times and I am happy to be paired with him. Kapil is effortless in his performances. His comedy has special punch lines and his expressions are too funny.\"And it is this pairing that Sargun is confident about, \"I'm not feeling any extra pressure as Kapil has won the last two seasons but I'm slightly feeling it as I have to perform well with him. I can never outdo him with my performance. I have to match up with him and that is my primary concern. I am not thinking of winning right now\". Sargun feels she will take some time to develop the chemistry between her and Kapil. \"Right now I am just watching a few episodes of Kapil on You Tube and trying to get some tips.\"And the pretty actress justifies the double meaning jokes on the show. \"I don't think that the jokes are vulgar. We can't spoof on a wall and we need a certain medium to do that. What's wrong in that?\" Sargun gets critical with herself when she says, \"I would rate myself two out of ten because there is still a long way to go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647479", "title": "Sealdah control room to go hi-tech soon", "text": "KOLKATA: The next time you are on a train and it makes an unscheduled stop at a signal, don't blame those in charge of the nearest station. Your train is being controlled by someone sitting in a control room at a major station like Sealdah several kilometres away.Till now, the communication between the station and cabin staff and the controller is manual. If things go as per plans, data loggers at stations will upload data to the system soon at Sealdah. This will not only make things a lot easier for the controller, the chances of errors will be reduced. It will also be easier for senior officers to fix responsibility in case an accident occurs or the schedule goes haywire.This system has not yet been introduced anywhere in the country, officials said. Sealdah, may become the first railway division to implement it. For this, data loggers are already being installed at stations.\"As soon as a train starts from Sealdah or one enters a section from another division, the controller starts receiving information about its movement from stations. This is done through our own telecommunications network,\" said S K Das, divisional railway manager, Sealdah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16646667", "title": "Jeje, Rocus among India probables", "text": "NEW DELHI: National coach Wim Koevermans has named a 31-member probable list for India's International Friendly against Singapore scheduled to be played on October 16 in Singapore.The final list of 20 players would be announced after the 1st round of the I-League matches. Striker Jeje Lalpekhlua has found his way back to the probables after missing the Nehru Cup because of injury. Midfielder Rocus Lamare also makes it back to the fold.The probables:Goalkeepers: Subrata Pal (Prayag United); Karanjit Singh (Salgaocar SC); Subhasish Roychowdhury (Dempo SC); Arindam Bhattacharya (Mohun Bagan).Defenders: Nirmal Chhetri, Syed Rahim Nabi, Khelemba Meetei (all Mohun Bagan); Gouramangi Singh (Prayag United); Raju Gaikwad, Gurwinder Singh (both East Bengal); Denzil Franco (Churchill Brothers); Mohanraj (Pune FC); Shouvik Ghosh (Pailan Arrows); Prateek Chowdhary, Mohanraj Pradeep (both Air India).Midfielders: Anthony Pereira, Clifford Miranda, Romeo Fernandes (all Dempo SC); Mehtab Hossain, Sanju Pradhan (both East Bengal); Jewel Raja Shaikh (Mohun Bagan); Alwyn George (Pailan Arrows); Lenny Rodrigues (Churchill Brothers); Francisco Fernandes, Rocus Lamare (both Salgaocar SC); Lalrindika Ralte (East Bengal).Forwards: Manandeep Singh, Robin Singh (both East Bengal); Sunil Chhetri (Sporting Lisbon); Joaquim Fernandes (Dempo SC), Jeje Lalpekhlua (Pune FC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16653290", "title": "Rushil Decor sets up MDF factory in Chikmagalur", "text": "BANGALORE: Rushil Decor Limited, a laminate and panel board manufacturing company has started full-fledged production of medium density fiber (MDF) board at their Chikmagalur factory. The plant will cater to the entire south Indian market .The company will manufacture MDF boards of various thickness ranging from 6 mm to 25 mm from wood waste available in Chikmagalur and nearby districts. It already has four other plants in Gujarat that manufacture particle boards.Rushil Decor expects its revenue from MDF boards to cross Rs 40 crore in the next couple of years. The potential of this market is really huge. Currently, some 80% of the country's total requirement of MDF Boards is met through imports,'' said a company communique.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652831", "title": "Venkatesh thrilled with Shadow", "text": "The first look teaser of Venkatesh's next flick Shadow has been the talking point among Telugu cinema lovers on the social media. The first look was launched amidst much fanfare yesterday and it has generated a great response in general. Director Meher Ramesh is a very happy man. \"I am over whelmed with the response to the trailers. I have been inundated with congratulatory calls from friends and well wishers,\" says Meher Ramesh.Venkatesh also sounds very upbeat about playing a mafia don for the first time in his career. \"Well when I heard the script from director Meher Ramesh, I got very excited. The director has taken pains to give me a radical new look in the movie. This film is going to be a universal action film that can be enjoyed by audiences of all age groups,\" says Venkatesh.The cast and crew of the film are all set to fly to Malaysia for a fresh shooting schedule set to start from October 8. The cast and crew have been shooting some action sequences in Ramoji Film City.Taapsee Pannu and Madhurima are also acting the film along with Srikanth who is playing a cop. The film is gearing up for a grand release in Pongal next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647458", "title": "Khan Market revamp splits traders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two traders' associations in Khan Market are divided on the redevelopment plan of the market. While the first-floor association approved the proposal presented by New Delhi Municipal Council, the ground-floor traders' association said it is not feasible. It has submitted its objections to NDMC.The Khan Market Traders' Association \u2014 association of the ground-floor traders \u2014 said the redevelopment plan will only add to their problems. \"If the essential services are shifted to the front, they will spoil the facade and also inconvenience the shoppers. We can't have a metal box outside our shops with all the utility cables. The wires should be tucked away in the back lane, which is a service lane,\" said Sanjiv Mehra, president of the association.Further, traders say it is not possible to accommodate all important services, including ducts and electric cables, inside the premises. \"How will we shift all the wiring inside? There are PNG pipelines, which can't be taken inside the building. We can instead cover all the services with a false facade,\" he said.\"The other suggestions would require extensive work and the traders are not ready for it. We suffered huge losses when the market was upgraded for Commonwealth Games . We don't want a mess like the one created in Connaught Place. Redevelopment should cause minimum inconvenience to the traders and shifting of services is a mammoth task. We have roped in an architect to help us chalk out an alternative plan,\" added Mehra.However, Sudhir Vohra, urban planner and consultant architect for the redevelopment project, said the middle lane is not a service lane.\"The main entrance to the first floor is from the middle lane. So, services have to be shifted to the front. The first-floor traders have agreed to give space to those on the ground floor for installation of airconditioning units. Cables and other services also have to be taken inside. The facade has to be clean. Fire safety of upper floors, urban order and a standardized architectural elevation control are the three main legs on which the redevelopment plan has been conceptualized. All stakeholders are discussing things to find a solution,\" said Vohra.However, the proposal has found favour with the Khan Market Welfare Association \u2014 association of the first-floor traders (mostly restaurateurs). They met recently to discuss the proposal in detail.\"The market needs a revamp. The plan cannot keep everybody happy. The market was not built by us; it has been here for decades. Some suggestions may not be agreeable to everyone, but things can be worked out. We had a meeting with the ground-floor association regarding the proposal recently,\" said Arjun Kapur, president of KMWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16648854", "title": "Workers begin satyagraha on Gandhi Jayanti for pay hike", "text": "RANCHI: Over 10,000 unorganized sector labourers resorted to 'satyagraha' to attract government's attention to their problems on Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary on Tuesday. A group of 1000 villagers sat on a day-long hunger strike-cum-agitation under the Morhabadi ground statue. Smaller groups did the same at district headquarters under the Jharkhand Janshakti Majdoor Union (JJMU) banner.JJMU president Uday Shankar Ojha, who led the Gandhi-like protest, said over 35 lakh workers of the unorganized sector live like slaves in our country. \"We chose the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi to attract attention to their causes. It is condemnable if our own brothers are living in such a condition,\" he said.Leaders of the labourers said in mining industries, steel company, and manufacturing units labourers are exploited. A company pays Rs 20,000 to a regular worker while it pays only Rs 3000 to an unorganized sector worker. No one would accept this difference, said Sanjay Singh Paramar, vice president of JJMU.The union would submit a memorandum to the government on the issue soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647278", "title": "SGS mall gets one year time to clear Pune Cantonment Board's dues", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court on Wednesday directed the SGS Mall in Pune Camp, which was sealed in August for non-payment of property tax, to pay the dues of Rs 4,60,13,506 crore to the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) in a year's time.Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar granted permission to the mall to pay dues in quarterly installments between October 1 and September 30, 2013.The mall at the time of removing the seal was asked to deposit Rs 1,12,40,083 crore before the court. On a plea filed by the PCB, the court permitted them to withdraw the amount.The PCB had issued a notice to the mall to pay property tax of Rs 4,60,13,506 crore with interest on December 28, 2011. The mall had challenged the notice by filing an appeal before the court.The mall's lawyer filed a plea for seeking a year's time to deposit the dues for reasons as it was suffering from financial crisis and that time was required for borrowing money from financial firms.The PCB lawyer said the mall is required to pay tax of Rs 6,11,79,011 crore with interest. The court then gave time to the mall to pay the dues as the amount was huge after the taxes were revised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16648187", "title": "Small diamond units to get modern technology", "text": "SURAT: In an important development, Surat Diamond Association (SDA) and Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to empower diamond workers in Surat in particular and Gujarat in general with social security cards and to provide cutting-edge technology to small diamantaires in 13 diamond polishing centres across the state on Monday.Surat's diamond industry has become the first unorganized sector in the country to implement social security cards for the diamond workers. The cards were distributed to the workers at a function organised at City Centre at Vesu.About 25 social security cards containing details about diamond workers like their names, address, blood group, department of work etc. were issued in the presence of GJEPC chairman, Rajiv Jain, and other stakeholders in the industry.Jain said, \"The social security cards would empower the diamond workers to get relief and benefits under various government schemes. The cards will give a separate identity to them. The council has earmarked Rs 1.75 crore worth of fund for the project. Over eight lakh diamond workers in the state will be issued the social security cards free.\"Dinesh Navadia, president, SDA, said \"We have already prepared 50,000 cards and intend to complete the project in the next one year.\"GJEPC and SDA also announced the launch of common facility centres (CFC) in Ahmedabad, Amreli, Bhavnagar, Botad, Visnagar, Junagadh, Jasdan, Deesa, Mahuva, Palanpur, Palitana, Gariyadhar and Savarkundla.The Central government has approved Rs 40 crore for the CFC project in Gujarat, which aims at providing cutting-edge technology to small diamantaires.Chandrakant Sanghavi, regional chairman, GJEPC, said, \"Surat's diamond industry is using the most advanced technology in diamond cutting and polishing. Small centres do not have this. The CFC project will provide an opportunity to small diamantaires to show their expertise on modern equipment and give better yield.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16648611", "title": "Widow hangs self after suffering from depression", "text": "RANCHI: A 40-year-old woman hanged herself from the ceiling fan in her bedroom on Tuesday morning.A widow with no children, Meena Devi used her sari to hang herself after prolonged depression cycles. Her husband Shyam Kumar Singh, who was in the army, had died in 2010. Since then she was living alone in her Jagarnathpur residence. Neighbhours said the woman hardly used to come out of her house . An FIR of unnatural death has been lodged with Jagarnathpur police station. Arvind Chaudhary, the inspector of Jagarnathpur police station, said, \"The woman had distanced herself from the world and hardly spoke to her neighbhours.\" No suicide note has been left behind by the deceased.In another incident, suspected Naxalites on Tuesday shot dead 25-year-old Mohan Mahto in Burmu block, 40km from here. Rural SP A V Minz said prima facie it appeared to be a result of group clash. Mahto had been in jail earlier.Police sources said a group of suspected armed rebels shot at Mahto's head and feet in Dedli village. People's Liberation Front of India members ruled the roost at the village. \"An investigation is going on to nab the criminals. Police have also conducted raids,\" said Minz. Local police are, however, finding it difficult to conduct search as villagers are not opening their mouth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16653554", "title": "Happy that I am in position to select scripts: Sridevi", "text": "Actress Sridevi, who is making comeback on silver screen after a gap of almost 15 years with English Vinglish, says she would like to continue acting, and insists that she is in a position to be selective about the roles.\"Absolutely, I would continue to work if the script is good....it all depends on how people react to this film. I am glad I am in a position to do whatever is comfortable for me. I am glad I am in a position to select scripts,\" Sridevi told PTI in an interview.English Vinglish is directed by Gauri Shinde.The 49-year-old actress, who ruled the Bollywood in late 1980s, was last seen in 'Judaai' . She said she did not miss being away from films. \"I was happy being on the other side of the camera, enjoying myself and watching shootings. At the same time I was never away from the industry, I was with my children.\"The audience has changed, she feels. \"It is a good thing that we (the film) are coming at this good time when people like to see something different,\" she said.The script of Shinde's debut film attracted her, she says. \"If had got this movie five or ten years ago, I would have (still) done it. I felt as woman, wife, mother I could relate to the character, I liked its simplicity and the subject of the film. I wouldn't have had this (comeback) if this script had not come to me. It all just happened.\"\"He (husband Boney Kapoor ) wanted to produce a film (for me). I heard the subject but nothing excited me where I could leave my children, house and family and be there in the studios.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16648153", "title": "All set for Kallada boat race today", "text": "KOLLAM: The villages of Munroethuruthu and Kallada are all set to host the 43rd Kallada boat race on Wednesday. Former Indian cricket team captain and Member of Parliament Mohammed Azharuddin will be the chief guest at the boat race to be held in the Kallada river.District collector P G Thomas said that all preparations had been made for the safe and smooth conduct of the race. KSRTC would run special services from Kollam depot to the venue on Wednesday. In order to prevent any untoward incidents, the district administration has declared the day as a dry day in the region.This year, 50 country boats would be participating in the festival in various categories like veppu, iruttukuthi A, B grades and thekkanodi along with 16 snake boats including, Sree Ganesh, Ayaparambu, Valiya Diwanji, Vellamkulangara, Karuvatta Sreenivsan, Jawahar Thayankari, Chambakulam, Cheruthana and Saint George.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649245", "title": "Communicating science in a fun, low-cost method", "text": "NAGPUR: It is said that if one is inquisitive enough, all the world can be a laboratory. Some educators are trying to make this abstract idea a reality by sharing some innovative ways of explaining some complex principles of science with teachers.Whether it be replicating a chlorine fountain inside a plastic bottle or using an empty toothpaste tube to teach the working of valves, material that would otherwise end up in the dustbin is being utilized by these educators as teaching aids.The ongoing five-day workshop conducted by Association for Research and Training in Basic Science Education (ARTBSE) and supported by Rashtriya Vigyan Evam Prodyogiki Sanchar Parishad of department of science and technology of Government of India has teachers and NGO workers from all over the country participating in it. Renowned science educators like Samar Bagchi, Biren Das, Brijesh Pande and Ajay Mahajan would be demonstrating ways of teaching science with low-cost, no-cost aids.\"Children are scared of the laboratories, thinking they would break the delicate apparatus and be rebuked. But with these aids, we bring the laboratories into their hands,\" said Neeta Gadekar, a teacher from NMC's Vivekanand Nagar school.Ashiq Husain, a teacher from Jammu, equates these experiments with the art of jugaad, saying, \"It does not require resources but requires us to be resourceful as teachers. Since most of our teaching is theoretical, we find that several students are not clear with the basic concepts of science,\" he said.Agreed Yogendra Agrawal, vice-principal of a Katol-based school. \"It is a big hassle to get our laboratories well equipped. Several delays happen in the process. If we have such alternatives, even these delays would not affect the quality of teaching,\" he said.Not just teachers, individuals and NGO workers who work towards promotion of science among children were a part of the workshop. Sacchidanand Yadav, a coal mine executive from Shahdol who teaches children from government schools on off days, said learning these experiments would make his interactions with children more fruitful.Dhananjay Rawal from Ahmedabad, who has presented ways of teaching aerodynamics through a paper plane at the Indian Science Congress, believes that these experiments not just clear concepts but develop a thought process in children. \"Many of the kids we work with are excited to see the way we use everyday things. Many times, they come up with variations of some experiments we have demonstrated, becoming innovators themselves,\" he said.\"The idea is to communicate science in easy language and fun ways. The difficulty is, sometimes, the curriculum and course structure restrict the way of thinking of the teachers and they find it difficult to accept this way of teaching,\" said Suresh Agrawal, secretary of ARTBSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16648423", "title": "Gandhi Jayanti observed across Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Gandhi Jayanti was observed across the state on Tuesday with people from different walks of life pledging to propagate the ideals of the Mahatma Gandhi on his 143rd birth anniversary.In Guwahati, chief minister Tarun Gogoi paid homage to the father of the nation at Gandhi Mandap, the memorial built to preserve the memoirs of the Mahatma atop the Sarania hills. Mahatma Gandhi stayed at the Sarania Hills when he visited Guwahati during the freedom movement.Similar programmes were held at the premises of the Assam Khadi and Gramodyog Board office and at Rajiv Bhawan, the state headquarters of the Congress here.At the Assam Khadi and Gramodyog Board office premises, Gogoi inaugurated an exhibition of Khadi items.At Gandhi Mandap, the chief minister also took part in an all faith religious prayer, where state cultural affairs minister Pranati Phukan, Assam Pradesh Congress Committee president Bhubaneswar Kalita was present amongst others. Congress activists also took out a rally in the city in memory of the Mahatma.At Gauhati College and Pandu College in the city, programmes were organised to popularise the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi among the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16648246", "title": "A cow that gives 'low allergy' milk", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have engineered a genetically modified cow that produces milk that is less likely to cause allergic reactions.The modified cow produced milk lacks beta-lactoglobulin - a major whey protein of cow and sheep's milk, to which some people are allergic.The study has been dubbed as a \"milestone\" by scientists. However, some campaign groups say it raises ethical concerns, the 'BBC News' reported.There are important differences between a woman's breast milk and cows' milk, such as beta-lactoglobulin, which is found in milk from cows but not people.\"It is not surprising that is constitutes a major milk allergen,\" the researchers from the University Waikato in New Zealand said.The instructions for making the beta-lactoglobulin protein are contained in genes in the cow's DNA. The scientists added extra genetic material to disrupt the manufacturing process using a technique called RNA interference. The resulting calf was born without a tail, however, the researchers say that is \"unlikely\" to be because of the genetic modification. It has not yet become pregnant and produced milk normally so the scientists used hormones to jump-start milk production.\"All milk samples from the transgenic calf were devoid of any detectable beta-lactoglobulin,\" they said.The researchers at the university concluded that the technique was an \"efficient tool\" for modifying livestock. The study was published in the journal 'Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16651656", "title": "Price of tapioca to firm up", "text": "THRISSUR: Troubled times are awaiting tapioca farmers in the State with the Agricultural Market Intelligence Centre (AMIC) of the Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) predicting that the price of tapioca could firm up in the short run on account of supply uncertainties.The centre has predicted a price range of Rs 8.60 to Rs 9.75 per kg is likely to prevail in the next three months. The current wholesale price of tapioca tubers is Rs 8.50 to Rs 8.60 per kg.Dr K Satheesh Babu, professor and CCPI of AMIC informed media that the prediction has been made on the basis of the prevailing market sentiments and the econometric analysis of wholesale tapioca prices at Thrissur market. Tapioca markets in Kerala are localized and decentralized markets due to the highly perishable nature of the tubers. Tapioca prices are currently ruling in a range of Rs 6 to Rs 8 per kg and Rs 12 to Rs 15 per kg at wholesale and retail levels respectively in the various districts of Kerala.The statistics on area, production and productivity of tapioca in Kerala reveals that the area under cassava cultivation has been continuously on the decline since the year 1995. There was a reduction in area under the crop by 34.99 per cent during the last decade, while productivity recorded an increase by 52.75 per cent, which arrested the decline in production to 6.05%, Satheesh Babu pointed out.The growth in monthly state average farm price of tapioca was just 0.60% during the period from January 1999 to June 2011. The prices were subjected to a fluctuation of 36.97% during the same period. Thus, the slow growth in tuber price coupled with price instability was a major discouraging factor for tapioca cultivation in Kerala.It was under these circumstances that the centre conducted a study of tapioca price in Kerala, based on econometric analysis of the wholesale monthly prices of tapioca that prevailed in Thrissur market for a period of 13 years from January 1999 to August 2012, followed by a market survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646241", "title": "Maharashtra to take UID drive to housing societies, corporate houses", "text": "MUMBAI: In a pro-people move, the state government is accepting requests from big housing societies and corporate houses to set up unique identification number or Aadhaar registration camps on their premises.A society or a corporate house can email a request to uid@maharashtra.gov.in, after which the government authorities in charge of UID implementation will depute enrolment agencies to their premises. The offer seems to be a bid to cover the middle and the upper middle class segments more effectively in the second phase of the enrolment drive.Rajesh Aggarwal, principal secretary, IT department, said housing societies with over 100 flats are being preferred. The existing designated enrolment centres for Aadhar, which is a 12-digit unique identification number, will continue, said Aggarwal.Besides Mumbai, the facility has been made available in other urban agglomerates, including Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad.The new arrangement is being offered to increase the outreach to the upper class segments, which are yet to recognize is that over time, Aadhaar will form the universal identity number for all sorts of subsidies and services, including bank accounts, passport, driving licence, property registrations, etc, said an IT department source. \"Mhada has already decided to demand UID number for applications for Mhada lotteries from next year,\" said a senior official, adding that similar links were being worked out with other departments.The government's efforts seem to be bearing green shoots, with the process of registration having begun in about 30-35 societies. Some corporate houses have also availed of the facility, said the source.Surprisingly, the lower middle class and the economically backward classes have responded most enthusiastically to Aadhaar. In Mumbai, less than 50% of the citizens residing in the various housing societies have come forward to enrol, but coverage in the slum pockets has crossed the 80% mark, said officials.One explanation could be the awareness among the slum dwellers that the ID number will be linked to food and fuel subsidies they enjoy under the public distribution system, said a senior IT department official.According to the latest enrolment data, over 64.33 lakh of 1.24 crore Mumbai (island city and suburbs combined) residents, or roughly 51.55% of the population, have registered for Aadhaar so far. Only two other districts, Wardha and Nagpur, have better coverage (see box), but the official said slums have mainly contributed to Mumbai's decent figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649133", "title": "Eateries block footpaths, road near Nagpur Municipal Corporation office", "text": "NAGPUR: The anti-encroachment squad of Nagpur Municipal Corporation may have resumed its crackdown on encroachments across the city. However, it does not seem to see encroachments near its own headquarters in Civil Lines. Every evening, an otherwise encroachment free road and footpath on Mahanagar Palika Marg is abuzz with roadside vendors doing brisk business.At least 10 mobile eating joints par themselves on footpaths not only on Mahanagar Palika Marg but also on the patch between C K Naidu square and Liberty Talkies T-point. Both the roads have become an ideal place for fast food lovers. The illegal eateries not only encroach upon the road but also occupy the footpaths on either side by putting tables and chairs. This happens in close proximity of NMC office. With no action from the squad, now vendors selling garments have also started putting up stalls on the footpaths.\"At Civil Lines, problem of encroachments has visibly increased. It has become increasingly difficult to walk on footpaths because of parked private vehicles and unhygienic eateries. This also creates traffic snarls on the road from C K Naidu square to Akashwani square,\" rued local residents and road-users.Until recently, a private bus operator too used the patch to repair vehicles. Despite so many illegal activities, no authority is taking any action, said Ramesh Rathod, a state government employee. The DCP traffic office is also closeby, he pointed out. Senior citizen Madhukar Hake stated the footpaths near NMC headquarters were not pedestrians friendly as they were are fairly high. \"Eating joints have encroached upon the footpaths. I go for evening walks, but the footpaths are occupied by food joints. This is disappointing, especially when the NMC headquarters is so close. The civic body should also make footpaths pedestrian friendly.\"\"We have noticed that encroachment are back within a few days of being removed and occupy the same place. This has to be stopped with strict follow-up action,\" demanded residents. A senior officer from the anti-encroachment squad, who did not wish to be named, said they had already informed Dharampeth zone office to remove encroachments. He did not say why his squad could not do it itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "london/chandigarh", "code": "16648107", "title": "It was a Khalistani plot to kill me: Brar", "text": "LONDON/CHANDIGARH: Operation Bluestar spearhead Lt Gen (retd) Kuldeep Singh Brar, who narrowly escaped an attempt on his life on Monday, said the attack on him in London was a Khalistani plot, while also saying the policies of the Shiromani Akali Dal government in Punjab have helped militants regroup.\"Britain is a hotbed of Khalistanis and radical Sikhs. Anybody could have done it \u2014 Babbar Khalsa, one of their so-called commando groups.\" In an interview to Times Now, Brar did not mince words, saying that Akali policies were emboldening Khalistani militants.\"They're building a monument in memory of Operation Bluestar in Amritsar. The Akalis are mixing religion with politics. The monument is being allowed to come up by the Punjab government. This is reviving memories of the 1980s,\" Gen Brar told the TV channel. \"The monument to Bluestar will become a rallying point for future terrorists,\" he warned.\"Law and order is a state subject but the Centre is showing weakness. It must step in whenever there is something anti-national happening,\" Brar added.Brar was joined by Punjab Congress leader Amarinder Singh , who said, \"Those who attacked Gen Brar were young and might not even have been born at the time of Bluestar. They must have got provoked and inflamed by the acts of the Badal government.\"Reacting to the charge, Harcharan Bains, the media advisor to the Punjab CM, said, \"Such incidents happen in the US, UK and other countries. There's complete peace here. There are lots of supporters of Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale in Britain and Canada. They've sworn to get me. So, why not Lt Gen Brar?\"Former Punjab DGP KPS Gill, who led the police against militancy in Punjab, said the attack on Gen Brar does not indicate that Punjab terrorists are regrouping. \"Sikh terrorist activity was always prevalent in England, so the incident does not come as a surprise,\" Gill told TOI on Tuesday.The gallant services veteran bravely fought off three attackers. Brar, who turned 78 the day before the incident, calmly said, \"I kicked one, boxed the other, then a third guy got me on the neck with a knife or dagger. But I was still on fighting even after this although a lot of blood was pouring out.\" A fourth gang member pinned down Brar's wife to prevent her from coming to his aid. The assailants ran away when passers-by came to their rescue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649166", "title": "Ruckus at Pachpaoli over 5-year-old child", "text": "NAGPUR: A drama revolving around a five-year-old girl kept the cops on tenterhooks at Pachpaoli police station on Tuesday evening. The girl, brought from Bihar, was rescued by Pachpaoli police after 'Childline' NGO was alerted by a resident of Moti Bagh.It is learnt that Nisha (name changed) had a burn injury on her left hand. The injury attracted the attention of a neighbour, who informed the NGO. Sources said Nisha's father in Bihar had married for the second time. He had handed over his daughter to a relative, who brought the girl to the city six months back. The controversy erupted at the police station after Nisha's relatives claimed they were taking good care of the girl, which the NGO activists refuted.The police were referring to the Juvenile Justice Act before initiating any action against the girl's family. It is learnt that the girl claimed to have hurt herself by touching a hot cooker in the kitchen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647523", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to implement road safety measures at 50 junctions soon", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will soon implement traffic improvement and road safety measures at over 50 major road junctions identified for the purpose in Pimpri-Chinchwad.The proposal for traffic improvement works was prepared after a recent meeting of PCMC officials and the traffic police.Besides improvement of the junctions, the PCMC has proposed to take up other works which include creation and development of parking spaces, providing safe pedestrian crossings and road safety measures near schools in Nigdi-Pradhikaran divisional zone, road improvement works, installation of road dividers and installation of signages in some areas.Civic officials said the total cost of all the proposals is over Rs 3.07 crore. Of this amount, over Rs 2.19 crore will be spent on junction improvement works at all the chowks that will include provision of safe pedestrian crossings, painting of stop lines and installation of road signages.The civic administration has tabled a total of 17 different proposals before the civic standing committee about the traffic improvement works.Earlier, in July, municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi had convened a meeting with deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre to discuss measures for road safety and traffic improvement. A joint survey was to be undertaken by the traffic and civic officials about the traffic conditions in the city.Pardeshi had then pointed out that because of the wide roads in the city, motorists, including two-wheeler riders, tend to overspeed which results in accidents. He had said that pedestrians face difficulties in crossing the roads due to the speeding vehicles. He had further said that pedestrian signals would be installed at major junctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16652895", "title": "Building collapses in Chennai, one killed", "text": "CHENNAI: One woman was killed and three others were trapped in debris when a portion of a three-storied house collapsed in Triplicane on Wednesday.Police said the building collapsed at around 7.30am. The collapsed portion fell on a vacant area adjacent to the building. \"The casualties would have been higher if it had fallen on the adjacent buildings,\" said a senior officer of the rescue team.A month ago, the building had developed cracks when an adjacent building was demolished.Police and fire service recovered the body a woman, identified as Manju, after nearly four hours. Her husband Thyagarajan, who owns the building, and son Parthasarathy were trapped inside for nearly five hours. \"We have pulled them out. They have been sent to the hospital for treatment.We are still searching for another woman, who is trapped inside,\"\" officials said.The woman trapped inside was identified as wife Bharathi, a government employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647388", "title": "Fire, structural audits for 7 civic buildings on cards", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will conduct structural and fire audits of seven municipal buildings which includes schools.The decision was taken following a fire at Mantralaya in Mumbai in June.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi recently held a meeting of heads of civic departments and directed city engineer to conduct a survey of a few old school buildings and other municipal buildings. The proposal has been tabled before the civic standing committee.The survey was conducted in zone A limits in which it was found that a structural and fire audit of seven buildings is needed. The buildings include Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar cultural hall, Akurdi; Nigdi octroi post; Swami Vivekananda primary school, Kalbhornagar gaothan; Akurdi gaothan hospital; secondary school in Kalbhornagar gaothan and Lilabai Khinvsara primary school in Mohannagar.Shirish Poreddy, spokesperson, engineering department, PCMC, said that audit of more such buildings will be done in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652917", "title": "DJs made Bangaloreans dance to their tune", "text": "The city's party peeps were in for a helluva ride when DJs Jasmeet and Pradeep took over the turntables at a city venue recently.The dance floor at Sutra at the Lalit Ashok was packed as the DJs spun some catchy tunes that are currently making waves on the charts. We caught a glimpse of quite a few gals showing off their pins in slinky numbers \u2014 a la Anushree, Gauthami and Pratiksha \u2014 as well as party animals Alam, Panthea, Shweta and Pavan having a blast at this bash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16649221", "title": "Bihar growth must for India development: CM", "text": "PATNA: Bihar's development will lead to India's progress. The nation cannot develop if 10.5 crore people of Bihar are left in the lurch to fend for themselves.This was reiterated by chief minister Nitish Kumar while addressing the city's enthusiasts who participated in the \"Run for Bihar\", organized to press for 'special state' status to Bihar. Hundreds of Patnaites ran from the Income Tax roundabout to the Gandhi Maidan to express their support for the demand.The CM said Bihar has the right to special status. \"We have been taking up this issue for a long time now. Even the state legislature adopted a resolution demanding the special state status from the Centre. A petition signed by as many as 1.25 crore Biharis has also been submitted to the Prime Minister in this regard,\" he said.Urging the people to attend the 'Adhikar rally' in Patna on November 4 to express their support for the demand, the CM hoped the rally's venue, Gandhi Maidan, would be chock-a-block with people on the day. \"Lakhs of people will get employment,\" he added. The CM said he wanted Bihar to become a self-sufficient state so that the people of the state did not have to migrate to Maharashtra or Andhra Pradesh in search of employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16648768", "title": "Complaint against SAD leaders for 'hurting Sikh sentiments'", "text": "PATIALA: Former deputy speaker of Punjab assembly Bir Devinder Singh, who also remained in the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) for some time, has filed a criminal complaint against a state cabinet minister and some other senior SAD leaders for allegedly hurting religious sentiments of the Sikh community by causing sacrilege to the historical Diwan Todar Mal Yaadgari hall at Gurdwara Fatehgarh Sahib during a rally. The complaint was filed on Monday.Bir Devinder has held Punjab revenue minister Bikram Singh Majithia, SAD general secretary and former MP Prem Singh Chandumajra, his son Harinderpal Singh Chanduamjra and SGPC executive member Karnail Singh Panjoli responsible for it. In the complaint submitted at Fatehgarh Sahib police station, he has alleged that the 'virsa sambhal' rally held in the hall on September 25 caused disrespect to Diwan Todar Mal Yaadgari Hall at Gurdwara Fatehgarh Sahib.Diwan Todar Mal had arranged the piece of land for cremation of the two Sahibzadas of Guru Gobind Singh and his mother Mata Gujri. During the rally, for the first time chairs were used in the hall and YAD volunteers entered the hall with shoes and uncovered heads, the complaint mentions.\"We demand immediate intervention of all the jathedars (high priests) of the five Sikh takhts. They should jointly visit the hall to take stock of the matter. All responsible for the desecration of the sanctity of the hall should be summoned to the Akal Takht for strict action,\" Bir Devinder has stated in his complaint.When contacted, SAD general sectary Prem Singh Chandumajra denied all allegations. \"The rally was organized to raise awareness against drug addiction and other social problems,\" Chandumajra said.\"We have received a complaint in this regard and are examining it legally,\" Fatehgarh Sahib SSP Hardial Singh Mann said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651587", "title": "Tony\u2019s Hindi thriller", "text": "His Aparajita Tumi released back in Jan, but Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury has not been sitting idle. The director, who's won accolades for his nuanced relationship tales like Antaheen and Anuranan, is now ready to cross language and genre barriers \u2014 with a Hindi thriller.\"I'm almost ready with three scripts \u2014 one Bengali, and the other two for Hindi films. The idea of a Hindi movie has been playing on my mind for some time. Two of the films are thrillers. While the Hindi one is about three women , the Bengali one is a whodunnit with thriller elements. It's an out-and-out detective story and is about the killing of an actress and how the murderer is found out. The script has eight superb characters \u2014 four guys and four girls \u2014 and one of them is a detective who solves the crime. We're using a story by author Indranil Sanyal for the script,\" says Tony.He believes that he'll lock the cast and the producers and will be ready to start shooting from Jan or Feb 2013. \"My team is happy with the way the scripts have shaped up so far. I'm not sure which one I'll start shooting first, the Hindi or Bengali one. I'm in talks with producers in Mumbai, including Shoojit Sircar, for the Hindi film. I might even produce the Bengali one myself,\" he reveals.So, was it a conscious decision to move away from the Tony 'signature' of relationship stories? \"No, it wasn't deliberate call on my part to make a thriller. It's more like this is the story I want to tell right now. But even in a crime film, you'll see the interplay of emotions between characters,\" says the director. \"I don't believe in rushing into a film for the sake of it. Once the story is ready, the film will happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646347", "title": "No takers for 98,000 engineering seats across Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: As the second phase of engineering admissions concluded on Tuesday, as many as 98,218 seats in several colleges across the state found no takers. At the end of the first phase of counselling about 1.05 lakh seats were left vacant. Twenty-two colleges in the state drew a blank.At the end of the counselling, officials of the technical education department said that many students failed to take admission in colleges as there were more seats than the demand.The electronics and communication engineering (ECE) was the hot favourite this admission season with 38,522 candidates joining the stream. In computer science and engineering (CSE) , 25,827 seats were filled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16648584", "title": "Dead son stored in freezer for 6 years", "text": "BEIJING: A couple kept the body of their son stored in a freezer for six years until it was discovered recently in China's Chongqing City .The 18-year-old had died of leukemia.\"In the freezer (my son) looks exactly as he did when he was alive. My son is still with me, and has never left,\" Tian Xueming, the father, told said.The couple would go to the freezer, hand in hand, and look at the body every time they missed their son.He took the unusual decision because this was the second child he had lost. The couple's 15-year-old had died of heatstroke in 1997. \"This may be wrong, but the pain of two funerals, my pain, it's something others can't understand ,\" said Tian after he was forced to reveal the truth about the dead body under pressure from neighbours.Tian said he understood that the intentions of neighbours were good, but he could not bring himself to actually bury the body all these years. \"Anyway, I can see my son whenever I miss him,\" he said.\"I know I was wrong. My decision has had a bad influence on my neighbours' lives as well, but I have lost both of my children,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648757", "title": "Victim's kin charge police with negligence", "text": "BHOPAL: Family members of the minor girl who was raped and murdered in a garage adjoining the GRP colony in Habibganj had charged police with negligence. The girl was missing from September 28 and the family had lodged a missing person report but the police did not act, the family told media persons on Tuesday.Several organizations organized a candle light march in the evening protesting against the incident and demanding action against the accused.Meanwhile, the accused Mustafa and his accomplice Aziz were produced in the court and had been taken on a police remand for three days, the officials said. The police headquarters too has taken note of the incident and the violence that followed on Monday. A notice has been served to the Bhopal Police seeking details about the incident.Priya Mathur, a social worker who visited the family demanded action like life imprisonment for the accused. Initial investigations revealed that within half an hour after the rape and murder of the girl, her body was bundled in the car of Aziz and was thrown in the jungles of Budhni, the police said.Police said that Aziz was moving ahead on a bike while Mustafa was driving the Maruti swift car with the victim's corpse. The two had consumed alcohol and were in an inebriated condition.Police said that the victim along with her brother was going to tuition when Mustafa lured her. The incident had led to tension in government railway police colony opposite the Mansarovar complex on Monday. An agitated mob, including members of saffron brigade went on rampage against the incident and torched vehicles. Few shops were also damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649169", "title": "Essel issues cheques to clear MSEDCL dues", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL can finally look forward to getting its dues from Spanco pending for months with Essel Utilities issuing two post-dated cheques for the amount. An official in MSEDCL said Essel had issued a cheque of Rs 75 crore dated October 18 and another of Rs 105 crore dated October 19. \"We are confident we will get the money. Essel Group has already paid Rs 50 crore. It is a big group and has the required funds,\" the official said.Essel group has bought a majority stake in Spanco's special purpose vehicle for Nagpur franchisee operations - Spanco Nagpur Discom Ltd (SNDL). Even though SNDL will become a subsidiary of Essel Utilities - the power and water services arm of Essel group - the name will not change. \"MSEDCL had initially signed the franchisee agreement with Spanco but later it was replaced by an agreement with SNDL, Spanco's SPV. For MSEDCL, the only difference is that instead of Spanco, Essel is the majority share holder in SNDL,\" the official explained.Even though Spanco has intimated Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) about Essel group purchase of SNDL shares, neither MSEDCL nor Spanco nor Essel officials have a clear idea as to what is the stake of Essel in SNDL. All officials contacted by TOI said that Essel had a majority stake. Some said the exact stake was still being worked out.Meanwhile, three officials of Essel Utilities have come to Nagpur to take stock of operations. They include Ajit Ganguly, former vice-president of Spanco who has recently joined Spanco. Ganguly was sent as he had handled the power distribution business of the city for MSEDCL as well as Spanco. Kamal Maheshwari, one of the directors of Spanco, is still engaged with Nagpur franchisee operations but Kaustubh Dhavse, senior vice-president, has been shunted out.Essel Utilities has bagged the power franchisee contracts for three cities in Madhya Pradesh - Gwalior, Ujjain and Sagar. It is conducting joint audit of assets with Madhya Pradesh's power distribution companies in these cities. There is a likelihood that some engineers may be deputed temporarily to help Essel in stabilizing the operations after it takes over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16648731", "title": "Pitripaksha rituals now more convenient at home", "text": "RANCHI: The Vedas say an individual is born with three debts: Dev-rin, the debt to God; Rishi-rin, the debt to the sages and saints and the third is Pitri-rin, the debt to one's parents and ancestors.Every year, in the second half of Ashwin, Hindus observe \"pitripaksha\". They offer water, prayers and flowers to the souls of ancestors. The ritual is usually conducted along the banks of a river or a waterbody.But with a change in lifestyle, vanishing waterbodies and work pressure, people have started performing the ritual at home. Anand Raj Tiwary (30) who has been observing pitripaksha religiously for the past one decade, said initially he visited Gaya or at least the nearest river to offer prayers. \"But for the past two years I am performing the puja in my house because of work pressure,\" said Tiwary, adding that he cannot take leave every year in the name of pitripaksha.Many others like Tiwary are also performing the ritual at home. \"There used to be a pond close to my house but last year a builder bought the land for constructing an apartment. As a result, the pond has been filled up. This year I conducted the ritual in the house itself,\" said Rajesh Singh (28), adding that the Subarnarekha river is around 15 kilometres away from his house.Pandit Lal Kishore Pathak said, \"Just as your parents, who brought you into this world, protected you when you were young, fed you, clothed you, taught you, your grandparents also performed similar duties for your parents. During this fortnight, many Hindus offer food to the hungry believing that their ancestors are being fed.\"Pathak has been busy since September 30 helping people conduct this ritual, which will end with Dussehra. He said Hindus from all over the world come to Gaya to perform \"pinda daan\" along the banks of the Falgu during pitripaksha. Those who cannot afford to travel to Gaya or are tied up with work perform the ritual along the banks of any river, lake or pond. \"In case there is no river or pond close to the house, then an individual can offer water and rice to ancestors in their house facing the south,\" said Pathak.\"Your ancestors are anxious to help you in all your endeavours. The departed souls want us to perform acts of charity in their names during their annual visit to our homes. To please them we offer food to the poor,\" said Raja Ram Pandey, who has been propagating the importance of pitripaksha among youths who find it waste of time.\"During this fortnight I suggest that they abstain from garlic, onion and non-vegetarian food,\" added Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16647710", "title": "Train services restored after track clearance", "text": "BELGAUM: Train services which were disrupted due to Hubli-Miraj passenger derailment on Monday evening was restored on Tuesday by 11am. The number of those injured in the accident has gone up to 50.Railway employees from Castle Rock, Hubli, Belgaum, Miraj and other nearby places numbering more than 500 were pressed into service to set the track right. Due to flash floods the tracks had become loose, causing the accident in which one person died. The rescue operation, which commenced on Monday evening, went on briskly, till the track was set right.Employees put on the rescue operations had a tough time as the spot was waterlogged due to heavy rain. It was difficult for the bulldozers and heavy vehicles to move on the premises. After a few trials with twin engines, the route was restored by 11am. The first train to pass on the track was Haripriya Express.Minister of state for railways KH Muniyappa and district minister Umesh Katti visited the accident scene. The railway minister announced Rs 5 lakh to the family of Hemanth, who was killed in the accident and Rs 1 lakh and Rs 25,000 to those who sustained major and minor injuries respectively. He also announced railway job to Hemanth's family member. \"Railway safety commissioner is conducting investigation, once he submits the report the reason behind the derailment will be known,\" added Muniyappa.The injured have been admitted at Civil Hospital, KLE hospital, Vijaya hospital and Lakeview hospital. They are all said to be out of danger and most of them will be discharged on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "16648088", "title": "\u2018Red rain\u2019 flummoxes Madikeri residents", "text": "MADIKERI: Bagavathinagar, Mahadevpet and other extensions here experienced \"red rain\" on Tuesday from 7am to 8am. A science teacher of Gundurao Extension, B Veena, collected some rain water. She showed it to her school principal Ponnamma of General Thimmaiah School, Madikeri, and students.C G Kushalappa, scientist and professor, Forest College, Ponnampet, said such instances had occurred in foreign countries, where the rainwater had sulphur dioxide particles and was called acid rain.HS Murali, scientist, Defense Food Research Laboratory, Mysore, said during July 2001, there was \"red rain\" in Kerala. It was initially considered to be fallout of a hypothetical meteor burst, but a study commissioned by the Central government concluded the rains had been coloured by airborne spores from locally prolific terrestrial algae.Ravishankar, a lecturer with Field Marshal Cariappa College, Madikeri, said it was not possible to conduct tests on Tuesday as it was a holiday. He said he will speak to the science department of the college on Wednesday to conduct a lab test. Residents of Hakathur and Boikeri near here have also observed the phenomenon on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647522", "title": "New RTR flyover to span road", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new flyover proposed to end the Rao Tula Ram Marg (RTR) traffic mess will be built on a portal (gate) structure so that space is not sacrificed on the road underneath it. The three-lane flyover on the Vasant Vihar side of Outer Ring Road will be parallel to the existing RTR flyover and carry traffic from IIT towards the airport. The existing flyover will also be made one-way for traffic in the opposite direction, said officials.Engineering consultancy RITES, which studied the mess on Outer Ring Road, recommended a three-lane parallel flyover to provide a six-lane dual carriageway corridor, keeping in view the growing vehicular population. Around 7,935 passenger car units (PCUs) cross the RTR flyover daily at present. Assuming 2% annual growth, traffic will increase to 9,500 PCUs by 2021 and 11,550 PCUs by 2031. RITES has projected the need for an eight-lane flyover by 2031.If properly executed, the portal design of the additional three-lane flyover will leave space for two road lanes underneath. However, its construction will require remodelling of a part of the service road for Vasant Vihar residents. The existing service lane, which is 4-7.5 metres wide, will have to be a uniform 4.5 metres wide, say officials. Ideally, service roads should be at least 5.5 metres wide so that two vehicles can pass at a slow speed, but decreasing the width will make the service road strictly one-way.Given the space crunch on Outer Ring Road, the points where the flyover takes off and lands on the Vasant Vihar side will have to be staggered, said officials. RITES has proposed that the hillock near Malai Mandir be remodelled, but this was a contentious issue even when the existing RTR flyover was built.\"If both flyovers start and end at the same places, a lot of road space will be lost. We will examine in the feasibility study the ideal points for the new flyover to take off and land,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647341", "title": "Rs 5cr heist: Robbers planned UK escape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hari Kishan Sharma, the prime accused in the Defence Colony heist, had planned to flee to London after the robbery. His brother Deepak Sharma, who has been arrested in the case, also had similar plans. The duo's sister lives in London and had helped them financially earlier, said a police officer.The police now have reasons to believe that Hari Kishan may try to flee the country, which is why a lookout circular (LOC) has been issued against him on Monday. This means that he won't be able to board a flight from any of the airports in the country as the immigration staff and the airport security will have his photographs and other details.However, if Hari Kishan has already left the country then it's unlikely that he will come in the police net. Sources said he may have fled to Nepal. Similar modus operandi was followed in the Connaught Place robbery of 2003 wherein two crores had been robbed. While a few of them were arrested, the prime accused had fled to Nepal.Hari Kishanwas last traced to East Delhi's Mandawali area after which his phone went out of reach. A source said that there were two possibilities. One that he went towards NH-24 crossing Ghaziabad from Mandawali, from where he would have headed to Gorakhpur and tried to cross over to Nepal. Secondly, he may try to dodge the police and go in the opposite direction.Other accomplices, however, may be arrested soon, police sources said.A police officer, on condition of anonymity, confirmed that Hari Kishan's sister had called up a south Delhi inspector to find out what her brothers had done and why they were being framed again.Teams of special cell, crime branch and local police are working in tandem on the case and raiding several places in the adjoining states. A source said that some teams are in the process of contacting Billu Solanki, who is presently lodged in Tihar, to get clues about the gang's possible hideouts. Hari Kishan Sharma had trained under him.Solanki is likely to be asked about Hari Kishan's new contacts and a team may head to Nepal soon.Solanki was lodged in Tihar under the National Security Act in 2003. Harkishan met him in 2005 in the RK Puram murder case of a transporter. Harkishan, son of an MCD inspector, was known as Pehelwan in his crime circle due to his build.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16647922", "title": "Man held for attempting to murder wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 39-year-old wall painter was arrested on Tuesday for attempting to murder his wife by setting her ablaze after pouring kerosene on Monday evening at RS Puram in Coimbatore. According to police, T Senthilkumar of Arunachalam road, worked as a wall painter. His wife S Kalavathi, 34, was working as a sanitary worker in a private firm. The couple has two children. Police said Senthilkumar had stopped going to work and demanded money from his wife for consuming liquor. She advised him to quit the habit and work to earn well. However, he did not pay any heed to her and tortured her mentally and physically.On Monday evening, he returned home drunk. He quarreled with Kalavathi and demanded money to consume liquor. But she refused. Then he took a bottle containing kerosene and poured on his wife. Later, he tried to her ablaze. However, their children opened the front door of the house and asked for help from the neighbours. The neighbours rushed in time and saved Kalavathi. However, Senthilkumar managed to escape.Kalavathi lodged a complaint against her husband with RS Puram police station. A case has been registered under section 307 (attempt to murder) of IPC and 4 of Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Woman Harassment act. The police arrested Senthilkumar on Tuesday and he has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16648909", "title": "Forest dept creates green awareness among children", "text": "NASHIK: The forest department is celebrating Wildlife Week from October 1 by creating awareness amongst young minds through various activities.The activities involve addressing school children, showing films relating to wildlife, organizing exhibitions and paintings. \"Each division and forest range conducts these activities and then makes a report of it. We also have to make a report of what all we have done in the past one year. This is an exercise that the forest department undertakes every year during this period and sends the report to the principal chief conservator's office at Nagpur,\" said chief conservator of forests (territorial) Nashik, G Saiprakash.He added that vulture conservation under the joint forest management concept and unveiling wildlife crime are also some of the credible works that the territorial office of Nashik can list in one year's record.\"A fortnight ago, the forest employees of the east division caught a group dealing in star tortoises, which is listed under Schedule IV. Department officials also rescued a turtle from a person in Chandwad,\" said Saiprakash. He further said that the motive behind conducting programmes in schools is to involve students in conservation from a young age as well as instil in them a sense of environmental awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647206", "title": "Buses vanish from roads as losses mount", "text": "KOLKATA: Strike or no strike, there are far fewer buses on the road today than in the pre-diesel-hike days. On some routes, the number of buses has gone down by around 20% to 40% as the owners refuse to take any more losses.On the airport-Esplanade route for instance, nearly half of the buses have pulled out of operation. Denied a fare hike, bus operators claim that they have no option but to cut down on the fleet. Many started pulling out in phases in the third week of September when it became clear that the government was not going to budge from its no-hike stance.\"If the government does not allow a fare hike, the number of buses on Kolkata's roads will drop drastically in a few weeks, regardless of whether we join the strike or not,\" said a bus owner. The Bengal Bus Syndicate has pulled out of the indefinite strike that is to start from October 9 but the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates that runs 34,000 buses is going ahead with it.\"The last bus fare hike was in August 2009 when diesel cost Rs 33 a litre. Today it costs Rs 50.61, a rise of 54%. It is obvious that many bus owners would reduce their fleet to avoid losses. I have not withdrawn my buses as I can make up for the loss from my other sources of income. But it is difficult for those who solely depend on their bus income,\" said Bablu Ganguly, president of Bus Route 57. \"There are 44 buses on Route 46 (Esplanade to Airport). But only half of them are on the road. We know it inconveniences commuters, but we cannot force owners to run on loss,\" said Amit Chakraborty, a bus starter.A bus makes two to four round trips a day, and burns about 60 litres diesel. After the hike, the daily fuel cost has gone up by at least Rs 350. Many bus owners are unable to repay bank loans and some vehicles have been seized in the last two weeks.\"In addition to the fuel price hike, the cost of maintenance too has gone up by many folds. It has become extremely difficult to carry on under such circumstances. A bus fare revision can only salvage us. Otherwise strike or not, number of buses on the road will continue to go down,\" said Prabir Sarkar, a bus owner.\"The number of buses on different routes has gone down at least by 20% or more. What else can bus owners do?\" asked Bengal Bus Syndicate secretary Swarnakamal Saha, adding that representatives of bus operators will meet on September 8 for a fare revision.Bus drivers and conductors say that they are hit hard by the reduction in number the fleet. Earlier a driver would work 16 days a month, four round trips a day. He could earn Rs 8,000 on average a month. But with fewer buses on the road, a driver now gets only about 10 days' work a month as owners distribute the work among all drivers. \"Last month I got to work for only 10 days and it brought my income down by about 40%. The coming days will be worse if bus fares are not increased,\" said Uttam Haldar, a driver.It's hard on the commuters as well. There are longer waits for buses and more crowding. Even the Metro is packed beyond capacity since the fare hike. \"Today being a holiday I came down to New Market with my family to shop for Puja. We took the Metro from Dum Dum but it was so horribly crowded that we decided to take a bus back. We have been unable to spot one for the past 20 minutes or so,\" said Sushanta Sarkhel at Esplanade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646371", "title": "Emaar scam: CBI opposes Acharya's bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mines minister Galla Aruna Kumari's son Jayadev and daughter Rama Devi got 2.20 acres of Emaar land in an illegal way and started illegal constructions with the tacit support of B P Acharya, the then MD of APIIC, said CBI on Tuesday in its counter affidavit opposing the bail plea of Acharya, accused number one in Emaar scam.Similarly, Tollywood director G Vijaya Nirmala and some others could save their 11 acres from acquisition for the Emaar project because Acharya allowed the relevant land acquisition notification irrelevant by not initiating steps as was required of him, the CBI officials said.Meanwhile, senior counsel C Padmanabha Reddy has questioned the approach of the CBI in arresting one minister (Mopidevi Venkata Ramana) and leaving out the other (Dharmana Prasada Rao) in the Vanpic case. Arguing for Mopidevi's release on bail, the counsel on Monday wanted to know the logic behind the probe agency's argument that his client would tamper with evidence if released on bail. \"It is four-and-a-half months since he (Mopidevi) has been in jail and his role in Vanpic is relatively minor compared to that of Dharmana, who allotted more than 18,000 acres for the project,\" the counsel said. \"What is it that Mopidevi can do now from jail that cannot be done by Dharmana from outside? It is wrong to prosecute one minister for the collective decision of an entire cabinet,\" he further argued.The senior counsel also argued for bail for K V Brahmananda Reddy, railway officer and one of the accused in the Vanpic case. \"Unlike the other two IAS officials chargesheeted in the Vanpic case, M Samuel and Manmohan Singh , Brahmananda Reddy is working in a faraway state,\" he said. \"When top officials of the Secretariat cannot influence the witnesses, how can Brahmananda do that from a distant state,\" the counsel wondered.Meanwhile Y Srilakshmi, another IAS officer who is an accused in the illegal mining case, filed a fresh plea seeking bail on health grounds apart from other reasons like completion of investigation and filing of chargesheets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646295", "title": "Rain exposes frailty of newly-laid roads in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The heavy rain that lashed the city in the last 24 hours resulted in the familiar consequences. Several roads were inundated and trees got uprooted on Tuesday. And despite the roads being heavily carpeted in view of the CoP-11 meet, the newly-laid black-top on many roads got washed away.The highest, 3 cm rain was recorded at Qutbullapur in the city till 8.30 am on Tuesday. However, luckily for the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) authorities, there were no major traffic snarls on the roads due to heavy rains in view of Tuesday being a public holiday on account of Gandhi Jayanti. However, that did not stop the incidents of water logging, which were reported at police control room in Basheerbagh, Assembly, near Gandhi Bhavan, Retibowli, Gunfoundry, Sangeet junction, Ameerpet, Erragadda, Punjgutta, Mytrivanam, Khairtabad, Necklace Road, Somajiguda, Musheerabad, Tarnaka, Begumpet, Vijayanagar colony, Yousfuguda, Tolichowki, Lothukunta, Jambagh, Narayanguda, Ashoknagar and MJ Market. In some locations like Assembly and police control room, the central emergency teams pumped out water with motors. Official sources said the rain water receded at many locations without their intervention.Though there were no major traffic jams due to water stagnation, the traffic came to a halt due to uprooted trees at various places. Trees were uprooted at Baghlingampally near Ambedkar College and Niloufer Hospital, Red Hills, Mehdipatnam, near Murali Mohan film actor's house at Film Nagar, Langar Houz, Banjara Hills Road No 7 and near Railway Recruitment Board (RRB) office at Mettuguda.Many roads that were recarpeted for Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CoP-11) were worn out due to drizzle since Sunday night. Officials fear that if the rain continues for another 24 hours, the roads are likely to get further damaged and they need to be recarpeted again. Meanwhile, several citizens complained that except the central emergency cell at Red Hills no other zonal emergency cells attended calls on Monday night and Tuesday due to holiday on account of Gandhi Jayanthi. With rains lashing the city for the past two days, the emergency cells were supposed to work 24 hours. When contacted, GHMC chief engineer K Suresh Kumar said the engineering staff have attended the problems immediately. \"There were no major water logging and inundation in the city as rainfall recorded was below 3 cms\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16649334", "title": "3 children go missing in Indore, cops clueless", "text": "INDORE: Three kids, including the son of an officer with the Narmada Control Authority, went missing during the last 24 hours from different parts of Indore. Though police have ruled out the possibility of human trafficking, they are clueless about their whereabouts.Monday night, Sunny, 12, son of D K Jain resident of Vijay Nagar area reportedly went missing while he went out of home for few minutes to meet colony friends and did not return back like the other days. Knowing that it was getting late the family members tried to locate Sunny.They enquired from the kids who he last visited and unable to get any clue lodged a missing complaint with Vijay Nagar police station.\"Sunny has not returned home since Saturday. We have not received any information about his whereabouts. We are worried as someone might have kidnapped him. We searched entire area but could not find him,\" said the worried father, Jain.A similar missing complaint of another kid Sunil, aged 12, from the Vijay Nagar area was also filed. Police said the child had gone to see the Ganesh floats and did not return back. His parents filed the missing report.Meanwhile, a nine-year-old girl, Khushi, was reported missing from the Chandan Nagar police station area. The girl's father Ramesh Kushwah had registered a missing complaint after his daughter did not return home. According to the police, the girl had moved out of home after dinner and has not returned back.On Tuesday, police carried out search and investigation to locate the missing children but failed to get any success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16652977", "title": "Government has not paid for Sonia Gandhi's treatment: CIC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi has not sought any reimbursement for medical bills from the Government, the Central Information Commission has said.The case relates to an RTI application filed by one Naveen Kumar of Moradabad, who sought to know from the Prime Minister's Office, National Advisory Council, Lok Sabha secretariat and ministries of external affairs, parliamentary affairs, statistics and programme implementation details of the medical expenditure incurred on the treatment of Gandhi.During the hearing before chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra, the ministries held no medical bills were submitted by Gandhi for reimbursement.\"From the submissions made by the respondents, it was quite clear that neither any reimbursement for any such expenditure had been claimed by the individual concerned from these public authorities nor any expenditure made in this regard. In other words, till now, the government has incurred no expenditure in this regard,\" Mishra had held in his order dated May 3.He said that in any case the expenditure made by individual on her treatment, in India or abroad, is private information and cannot be subject matter of an RTI application.The matter assumes importance in the recent war of words between Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and Congress on the expenditure incurred on the treatment of Gandhi.Addressing a rally at Jesar on Monday, Modi had targeted the Congress president by claiming that Rs 1880 crore has been spent from the public exchequer for her foreign trips. But later he offered to apologise if what he said was wrong.The allegations were refuted by Congress leader Digvijaya Singh, who said the incident \"establishes the motive of BJP and Narendra Modi, their malafide cheap intentions. They want to politicise even an issue like health\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16649073", "title": "Assange vigil bill mounts as UK spends \u00a311,000 per day", "text": "LONDON: It is costing \u00a311,000 a day for Britain to ensure that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , holed up in the Ecuadorean embassy here, does not flee the country.The final bill could be much more as the 41-yearold continues to defy extradition to Sweden where he is suspected of sexually assaulting two women. Scotland Yard confirmed it costs \u00a311,000 every day to ensure that the Australian does not flee his bolthole at the Ecuadorean Embassy, the Daily Mail reported.The police bill for staking out the embassy where Assange is holed up has already reached more than \u00a31 million. Officers have been watching the property in Knightsbridge, West London , since Assange breached his bail and claimed asylum in June. They have been told to arrest him if he puts \"one toe\" outside.Ecuador granted political asylum to Assange in August after he took refuge in the country's embassy in London. Ecuadorean foreign minister Ricardo Pinto has warned Assange he could be in the embassy for a decade. Critics have called on the Metropolitan Police to end the costly stakeout.London Mayor Boris Johnson confirmed the policing bill between June 20 and September 10 was \u00a3905,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647612", "title": "India, Pak trapped in war of words over Kashmir at UN", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan engaged in an ugly war of words at the UN General Assembly (UNGA) on Monday, underscoring how the two countries remain trapped in their rhetoric on Jammu &amp; Kashmir.It all started when foreign minister S M Krishna added an extra paragraph to his UN speech during the general debate on Monday, joining issue with Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari's contention that Jammu &amp; Kashmir was a sign of UN \"failure\". In his address to the UNGA last week, Zardari, flogged old UN resolutions to dispute India's claim over J&K;, something akin to waving a red rag at India.On Monday, Krishna termed Zardari's reference to UN resolutions on Kashmir as \"unwarranted\", asserting that J&K; was an \"integral part of India\". Pakistan, determined not to let this go without a retort, gave a rejoinder, also known as a \"right-of-reply\" (ROR) in diplomatic parlance. A bristling India came up with its own rejoinder. Not to be outdone, Pakistan refused to let the UN close for the day without registering its second ROR. The battle boiled down to one thing: India saying \"Kashmir is ours\" and Pakistan retorting, \"It's not\".The high-voltage exchange between India and Pakistan at UNGA was in sharp contrast to the reconciliatory tone of foreign minister S M Krishna's visit to Islamabad last month. Then, he had expressed satisfaction with Pakistan and its actions.Then, the sides had said, \"The ministers held discussions on the issue of Jammu and Kashmir and agreed to the need for continued discussions, in a purposeful and forward looking manner, with a view to finding a peaceful solution by narrowing divergences and building convergences.\"That bonhomie, however, was thrown to the winds at the UNGA.After Krishna's speech on Monday taking exception to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari's reference to J&K;, the Pakistan mission sent in an ROR (right of reply) by deputy ambassador Raza Bashir Tarar, who said, \"The reference to the Jammu &amp; Kashmir dispute in the President of Pakistan's statement was not unwarranted. Let me also make it absolutely clear that Jammu &amp; Kashmir is neither an integral part of India and nor has it ever been.\"Vinay Kumar of the Indian mission responded, \"...Jammu &amp; Kashmir, which is and has always been an integral part of India. It is ironical that these comments have been made by a country which is persisting with its illegal occupation of a part of the Indian state of Jammu &amp; Kashmir. These references constitute a clear interference in the internal affairs of India.\"The Pakistanis responded again to Kumar's assertion. \"Mr. President, the disputed status of Jammu &amp; Kashmir is established by UN Security Council resolutions and agreed upon by both Pakistan and India. Characterization of Jammu &amp; Kashmir or any part of its territory as part of India is, therefore, untenable. The people of Jammu &amp; Kashmir have yet to exercise their inalienable right of self-determination.\"Indians, however, were determined to get in the last word. \"The people of Jammu &amp; Kashmir have peacefully chosen their destiny in accordance with democratic practices and they continue to do so. We, therefore, reject in their entirety the untenable comments from the distinguished delegate of Pakistan,\" said India as a weary UN closed for the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647704", "title": "Moneylenders thrash youth", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 26-year-old youth and his friends were assaulted in Paldi area by moneylenders. The youth sustained severe head injuries and was shifted to a private hospital. Police have charged a group of three for assault and have started search for assailants.Dhaval Shah (26), a resident of Mangal Park Society near Paldi Vikasgruh, had gone to meet Ripal Patel and his associates at a paan parlour near Paldi on Sunday night. Shah had borrowed Rs 2 lakh for his friend Dharmraj two months ago at 15 per cent interest from Ripal, Keval and Jay Patel, all residents of Paldi.\"Shah said he had given two cheques of Rs 1 lakh each to Ripal as security deposit for the money borrowed. Last month, Dharmraj's father gave Ripal Rs 2.5 lakh in cash as principal amount and interest that they had taken and took a promise that the debt was over. However, Ripal did not return the security cheques . The group demanded Rs 1 lakh to give the cheques back. When the matter heated up, Ripal and two others assaulted Shah and Dharmraj,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647685", "title": "Gujarat tourism corporation to revamp hotel infrastructure", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the promotional campaign launched by Gujarat tourism boosting the tourist count in the state, the Gujarat Tourism Corporation is revamping the infrastructure of its Toran hotels and resorts.The tourism corporation plans to upgrade over 15 of its hotels to three star category in order to attract more tourists to various spots in Gujarat.The tourism corporation has 274 rooms as part of hotels, guest houses and resorts across the state.\"While many new private hotels have announced their projects in Ahmedabad, there will be a gestation period before they begin operation. The hotels have been revamped to make them like star-category hotels with modern facilities,\" a senior official of Gujarat Tourism Corporation said.Facilities like airconditioned suites, banquets and conference halls, restaurants, mini club house, party plots and reception lounge are being added to the hotels. Work for the hotels is underway at Porbandar, Palitana and Pavagadh and will be opened in February while those in Dwarka and Junagadh will be opened in November. New hotels have been planned in Siddhpur and Mandvi, which will be inaugurated in 2013. The corporate recently opened renovated hotels at Saputara and Gandhi Ashram.The tourism corporation will also embark on a cleanliness drive of various temple towns in Gujarat in order to promote the state as the hub of religious tourism. The project of making the towns look clean and attractive will be outsourced to local agencies.\"With an addition of 4.6 lakh tourists per annum, there has been an increase in domestic tourism by 18% this year. Overall, domestic tourists have increased by 12-13 per cent in the last two years. We also have the provision of booking online, where they can avail affordable deals this festive season,\" he said.The tourism corporation will spend close to Rs 30 crore on the renovation of these hotels.The corporation is also offering attractive Navratri packages for tourists from other states and countries to enjoy the traditional nine nights of festivities in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649168", "title": "Brothel sealed in Ganga Jamuna", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police sealed a brothel in the notorious red-light area of Ganga Jamuna on Tuesday following an order issued by city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay. The order said the premises, owned by Asha Kesia, will be shut for three years.This is the fourth brothel in city and third in red-light area that have been sealed in the recent past. The social service branch of the crime branch had conducted a raid on the premises of Kesia on July 18 in which six women and 10 men were arrested for their alleged role in flesh trade. They were slapped with various sections of Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act and an offence was registered at Lakadganj police station. Police had also rescued 17 girls, which included 10 minors.It was learnt that the police had issued a show-cause notice to Kesia who failed to give satisfactory reply following which the order was issued. The order was executed by the police led by senior inspector Rajendra Unawane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646260", "title": "Call for dedicated ministry to boost India\u2019s fisheries sector", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is an urgent need for a dedicated fisheries ministry to boost India's fisheries sector, which is all set to cross the 13 million tonnes output mark by 2016 from the existing 9 million tonnes, the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) has suggested.According to Assocham, a dedicated ministry is needed to deal with the major stumbling blocks like multiple agencies, sluggish infrastructure and poor productivity which plague the sector that employs over 15 million people.It has also suggested setting up a centralised coordinating agency with powers to monitor, control and maintain effective surveillance, guide stakeholders including fisher folk and commercial enterprises, in addition to promoting and monitoring, training and skill development, as well as formulating extension schemes for fish farming and boosting productivity. A study by Assocham titled 'Fisheries - A prize catch in Indian export basket' was unveiled in Hyderabad on Tuesday by Assocham southern regional council chairman R Sannareddy and Assocham national secretary general DS Rawat. In it measures like public private partnership mode to boost the sector as well as scaling up of domestic fish processing facilities to take on global competition are discussed. Assocham also calls for a single-window system for fisheries and aquaculture in inland fisheries for proper networking and consolidation.According to Assocham, appropriate incentives coupled with robust investments in infrastructure can aid the growth of India's fish production at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of around 7% over the next four to five years as against the existing 3.5% CAGR growth rate. Despite being the second largest fish producer in the world after China, thanks to India's marine waters being home to over 1,700 fish species, including 200 commercially significant ones, the country's $3 billion fisheries exports lag way behind countries like China, Norway and Thailand in the estimated global fish trade of $138 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646783", "title": "Sacred objects\u2019 exhibition at Goregaon seminary from Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: An exhibition showcasing sacred objects used during the administration of sacraments to a Christian will be held at the St Pius Seminary, Goregaon, from Sunday.The exhibition is being held to mark Archdiocesan Heritage museum's first anniversary as well as to celebrate the beginning of the Year of Faith from October and 50th year of the second Vatican Council, said Father Warner D'Souza, the museum director.On display will be a 150-year-old confessional box from Bandra's St Peter's Church, along with the Popes' chalices and rosaries, his chair, a 400-year-old baptismal font from St Andrews' Church, letters and marriage records dating back to 1771 from the Cathedral of Our Lady of Hope in Bhuleshwar. These have been sourced from various churches and ordinary catholics.Those interested in seeing the exhibits will have to make prior bookings. The event is on till November 15 and bookings can be made on 9820242151.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16646370", "title": "Defaced Ambedkar statue replaced after protests", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Tension erupted in residential colonies along NH-24 after local residents found a damaged statue of dalit icon Babasaheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar on the arterial road of Sidharth Vihar in Vijay Nagar area of Ghaziabad. The statue was found damaged in the chest, neck and shoulder areas. As the news spread, locals gathered and staged a protest. Elders of the colony finally managed to subdue the agitation and filed a complaint with the police.Considering the gravity of the issue, the administration immediately replaced the damaged statue with a new one. Police suspect it to be the handiwork of some notorious people who are trying to disturb law and order in the district.Cops said prima facie it appears that the statue may have fallen apart. \"However, looking at the damage on the statue, we are not ruling out foul play. A case has been registered under Section 295 (deliberate and malicious acts to outrage sentiment),\" police officers said.The complainant Kamal Jaatav and office bearer of Bahujan Samaj Suraksha Sangh told TOI, \"At 5am, people rushed to my house and told me that the Ambedkar statue had been damaged. It seems the miscreants chipped the statue on the left shoulder, chest and neck with a hammer. The left foot is also damaged.\"\"We demanded that the administration put up a new statue, but at that time none was available. We were told to buy a new statue and the administration would pay for it. Our organization had recently purchased a statue to install in another location, but considering the gravity of the issue we installed it in place of the damaged one,\" Jaatav said.\"The statue was close to NH-24 and on a construction site for the Noida Extension-Ghaziabad link road. On August 17 we had written to the Ghaziabad magistrate and GDA vice-chairman to remove the statue and install it at a safe place as the construction activity was weakening its foundations, but no action taken. We demand that stringent action be taken against the culprits,\" Jaatav added.The protestors blocked NH-24 on Tuesday morning. \"After we came to know the incident, we immediately rushed to the scene and another statue of the dalit icon was installed,\" said an administration official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16648872", "title": "Fuel pumps go dry as oil cos, pump owners feud on", "text": "INDORE: Several petrol pumps in the city went dry on Tuesday, the second day of protest by petrol pump owners. Seeking hike in dealership commission, the petrol pump owners refused to accept fuel from their respective oil companies.The call for protest was given by Madhya Pradesh Federation of Petroleum Dealers' Association. There are 4,500 petrol pumps in the entire state of which over 80 petrol pumps are in the city. More than 80% of them took part in the no-purchase strike. The city consumes 3 lakh litre petrol and 10 to 12 lakh litre diesel per day.Talking to ToI, secretary of the federation Sudhir Airen, said, \"We had made an elaborate arrangement so as to avoid any kind of inconvenience to the consumers. Still, I can't deny the fact in case they might have faced any such problem at some of the busy petrol pumps in the city. At present we are busy collecting the details in this connection.\"The petroleum product dealers are likely to meet petroleum secretary and the CMDs of all the four state-owned oil companies in the country in Mumbai on October 5 to discuss the issue. The dealers have also warned of going for a limited working at petrol pumps from October 15 in case the government continues to \"turn a deaf ear\" to their demands, which include permission to charge separately for providing services like filling air to the cars' tyres and on use of drinking water and washrooms at the petrol pump premises.When contacted, IOC incharge for 14 district in MP, Soumitra Pandey said, \"There was no major impact of the strike as a whole. It was keeping this in view that we had operated even on Sunday asking the dealers to fill up their tanks to the brim to avoid any inconvenience to the consumers.\"Only 3 LPG refills from Sept 14Indore: LPG Distributors' Federation of the state has decided that beginning September 14, each of the consumers will be provided only three cylinders at the subsidised rate until the end of the fiscal and any additional refill will be charged as per the market rate, said Suraj Kairo, president of the Federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16649376", "title": "Forest officials rush to catch crocodiles", "text": "VADODARA: On the day TOI highlighted the tension simmering in Kodaravaya village in Waghodia taluka, after a crocodile killed 17-year-old Kaushalya and reportedly ate her body parts, forest department officials rushed to the village to install three trap cages to catch the reptile.The department has also initiated the process of providing compensation to Kaushalya's family, as demanded by villagers.Meanwhile, villagers, who had threatened to kill the crocodiles after the gruesome death of the girl, said they would wait for a day or two, and in case the crocodiles were not trapped in the cages, they would empty out the big pond to catch them.\"We have made repeated public announcements in the village, asking people to avoid going to the pond or taking their animals there, till those crocodiles are caught,\" said Dhirender Patel, the village sarpanch.Villagers' anger had been simmering for the last two months ever since three crocodiles, which came down from Ajwa dam, killed a buffalo and then a baby buffalo.The situation has become critical in the village mainly because the large village pond, covering several hundred bighas of land is the centre of many activities.\"This pond is our lifeline, but if crocodiles start attacking people we would have no choice but to kill them,\" said a seething villager.Forest officials told the sarpanch that Kaushalya's father, Kalidas Vasava,would be paid compensation worth about Rs 1 lakh once he gets a bank account opened in his name.\"We would complete the formalities tomorrow so that he gets the compensation soon,\" the sarpanch said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16651297", "title": "Virender Sehwag out for two weeks with ankle injury, may miss CL T20", "text": "COLOMBO: Virender Sehwag is in doubt for the upcoming Champions League Twenty20 after he has been advised two weeks of rest because of ligament injury he sustained during India's last Super Eights game in the ICC World Twenty20 against South Africa.Sehwag strained a ligament in his left ankle during South Africa's innings last night and according to the Indian team's media manager Dr R N Baba, the right-hander has been advised rest for 14 days.Sehwag, who had a poor World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka, scoring only 54 runs in three innings at a strike rate of 112, suffered the injury while celebrating Jacques Kallis' dismissal off Irfan Pathan in the fourth over.He limped off the field to be replaced by Manoj Tiwary , and did not return to the field again.The injury comes as a big blow for Delhi Daredevils of whom Sehwag remains a key player despite relinquishing captaincy duties for CLT20 to be held in South Africa from October 9.The Daredevils are scheduled to open their campaign against Kolkata Knight Riders on October 13 in Centurion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647312", "title": "Infectious disease sweeps Kolkata schools", "text": "KOLKATA: Just when the city was starting to breathe easy after a tough battle with dengue over the last couple of months, here comes a shocker. Doctors say thousands of children are battling with another disease that has symptoms similar to dengue. That kids are more vulnerable to the hand, foot and mouth disease has left parents and doctors across the city worried.Paediatrician Shantanu Ray say he has never come across so many hand, foot and mouth cases in Kolkata before. \"Most have been extremely severe. The rashes are taking at least a week to go. It's leading to a complete loss of appetite, weakness and fever. Lack of awareness has made things worse. Parents of affected children are often sending their children to school mistaking it to be ordinary body rashes. It has hastened the spread of the disease,\" he adds.The initial symptoms of the disease - fever, headache, loss of appetite and rashes - have left both doctors and patients confused and scared. Even though hand, foot and mouth usually strikes only children and is rarely fatal, it has been severe, prompting doctors to treat it as seriously as dengue.Caused by a highly contagious virus, it has been affecting children aged between two and eight years. Hand, foot and mouth disease rarely affects those above 10 years of age. But it spreads from person to person through nose and throat discharges, saliva, fluid from blisters, or the stools of an infected person. A child is most contagious in the first week when he/she contracts the disease.Soon after the dengue epidemic started in late July, hand, foot and mouth, too, had set in. By late August, thousands had been affected in Kolkata. The numbers have started going down, but the virus is still active, say doctors.\"Since it coincided with dengue, it led to a panic. The symptoms are scarily similar to that of dengue. Apart from the rashes, which are restricted to the mouth, hands and feet, other indicators are no different from that of dengue. High fever, headache, loss of appetite are the common indicators,\" said Arindam Kar, director, Medica Institute of Critical Care.But it could be even more painful than dengue, pointed out some experts. The blisters triggered by the virus could appear on the tongue, lips and other parts of the mouth, making it painful to chew and swallow food.Several playschools had to shut down following the outbreak. Many asked parents to stop sending their children to school if they had rashes. \"Almost 20% of our students had the disease. It was spreading fast so we had shut down for a week,\" said the teacher in charge of a playschool in Alipore. \"Fortunately, our students have not yet been affected. But there is reason to be careful,\" said Malini Bhagat, principal, Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secon-dary School.Hand, foot and mouth disease is a relatively common infection viral infection that usually begins in the throat. Caused by intestinal viruses of the picornaviridae family, it takes three to seven days for the symptoms to develop. It is less common in adults, but those with immune deficiencies are very susceptible.There is no specific treatment for the infection other than relief of symptoms. Treatment with antibiotics does not work and is usually not recommended. \"But it might be necessary in some cases. Also, the blisters need to be treated with ointments to make them disappear fast,\" said Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16648001", "title": "Cauvery group warns of violence in Tamil Nadu", "text": "TRICHY: The Cauvery Rights Retrieval Group on Tuesday sent an ultimatum to the Central government saying that if it did not implement the recommendations of the Cauvery Water Authority in time, it would have to face grave consequences. Addressing a press meet, the group's organizer, P Maniarasan, ridiculed the Prime Minister saying the latter was fawning and cringing before the Karnataka government instead of delivering a deadline to implement the recommendations of the water tribunal.\"We demand two tmc of water every day till October 30 or else we will stop all trains in the region,\" said the organizer. The group that draws its strength from various farmer organizations and political parties officially announced that it would stage a day-long rail roko agitation on October 4, and though the passengers of Tamil Nadu would be mostly affected by the proposed agitation, they were determined to bring the entire Southern Railway to a grinding halt. The rail-roko demonstration would be simultaneously held in Trichy, Thanjavur, Tiruvarur, Nagapattinam and Cuddalore. \"Since the trains will not be diverted to any safer routes like in the case of road traffic, the consequences would be untold,\" he warned further.According to Maniarasan, the Karnataka government had already stored 110 tmc of water as against the total storage capacity of 116 tmc in all its four dams - K R Sagar, Kabini, Hemavathi, and Herangi - and it was creating a facade that its farmers were reeling under drought. \"In fact, the farmers of Karnataka have already harvested the equivalent of our samba crop, and the water is stored for one more summer crop to be planted in January next year,\" he claimed. Karnataka was time and again lying that it did not have enough water in its reservoirs, he told the media.According to the tenets of Article 355 of the Constitution, the states must pay heed and implement what the Prime Minister of the country tells them. Should any of the states not follow his instructions, the Prime Minister is empowered to sack the disobeying government under article 356, he clarified. It is primarily the fault of the Central government which is a fence sitter, much to the detriment of delta farmers. \"Act, or else we will have to react violently,\" Maniarasan warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647844", "title": "Man who hacked wife poisons himself to death: Report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Post-mortem report of a 52-year old man who died in police custody last month revealed that he had consumed poison which ended his life. Police had earlier registered a case of accidental death after suspected liver failure due to excessive consumption of liquor. Police officials have constituted an inquiry in the incident.According to Sola police, Balaji Solanki, 52, a resident of Rajubhai ni Chali near Jantanagar Crossing, was a construction labourer. He hacked his wife Savita alias Savli, 49, to death on September 14 evening after she refused to give money to Solanki for drinking liquor. His son Dipak filed a complaint of murder on the basis of which he was caught two days after the incident from a relative's residence. Soon after his arrest, Solanki reported convulsions and froth on the lips and police rushed him to Sola hospital. When his condition worsened, he was rushed to the Civil Hospital. As per investigators, he was reported dead on September 17 morning. Police had earlier stated that Solanki had drank liquor constantly for a day without eating anything and that might have affected his health.\"We received the post-mortem report for him on Monday that states that the death was caused by poisoning. It is probable that he might have tried to attempt suicide by consuming poison before his arrest\"The consumption did not take place in police custody as he was under constant observation. However, a probe has been ordered in the case,\" said an Sola police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16648911", "title": "Three-tier monitoring agency for Kumbh projects on the cards", "text": "NASHIK: In order to curb expenses on projects related to the Kumbh Mela, a three-tier single monitoring agency headed by the district collector is being planned. Collector Vilas Patil said that this is being done to keep tabs on the amount of money being spent in the district and the effectiveness of the work being executed by the respective agencies.\"The three-tier set-up is being planned where the apex committee led by the chief minister will sanction the works for the Kumbh Mela at Nashik, the task force committee of the secretaries and deputy secretaries will give administrative approvals to the projects and finally the district committee will keep a watch over the money being spent and the work being carried out during the mela and ask for utilization certificates before releasing further payments,\" Patil said.When pointed out that there were number of expenses-like 12 bridges across rivers and nallahs constructed by the NMC from the Kumbh funds, but no approach roads to the same-the collector said that efforts were on to ensure that all the departments and agencies are accountable for the expenses.\"An office was created during the last Kumbh Mela (when Vilas Patil was the additional collector) to monitor the works but was shut soon after. We will have to open the documents again to see whether investigations were completed. The works were likely to be included in the plan and if there are any discrepancies, then we may consider action that needs to be taken on the projects,\" Patil said.Speaking about the last date of receipt of proposals from the various government agencies regarding their planning for the mela, the collector said that none of the agencies have submitted the plans yet. \"The plans we received earlier also had mention of things not related to the Kumbh Mela. We therefore gave the agencies the Tourism Finance Corporation of India Ltd (TFCI) Limited's report and asked them to plan accordingly. Since none of them have complied, we have decided to call a meeting on October 9 and 10 to discuss and finalize the plans department wise,\" the collector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "16648045", "title": "Govt officials in Hassan pedal to show the way", "text": "HASSAN: About 60 government officials went pedaling on their bicycles early Sunday morning in Hassan to spread the message of a pollution-free environment and riding for fitness. The cyclists started off from the taluk office braving the early morning showers.Talking about his new-found passion for cycling, K Mathai, tahsildar, Hassan taluk, said: \"Cycling has become my daily routine now and I feel fit. I am also saving government's money in the process and contributing towards protecting this lush green environment for the future.\"Umapathy Madyar, a resident who joined the government officials, said: \"I was heading towards Udupi on my cycle, when I met the cyclists near Arasikere. I joined them to encourage them.\"Madyar went on to add that he had been cycling for several years to spread the message of good health. He claimed that he even cycled to meet the President at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi two years ago. \"But I was unable to meet the President and the security guards also seized my bicycle. I came back by train,\" he recalled.Ramakanth G D, counselor at the Government Hospital in Hassan, spoke about his 29-year-old relationship with his cycle. \"I have a motorbike, but I use it only for emergency purposes. I mostly use my cycle for all other purposes. I've been riding since my school days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649272", "title": "Youths assault trader, market to remain closed", "text": "NAGPUR: A trader's fight against extortion landed him in hospital after he was attacked by a gang of youths for making police complaint against them.Telipura electronic market traders association's president, Rajesh Mande was shutting his shop when a gang of youths attacked him and stabbed him more than five times. He had just returned to his shop after filing a complaint at the police station along with other traders against some extortionists.His condition is stated to be critical.The brutal attack on Mande has terrorized the traders. Many of them are rethinking their agenda of opposing the extortionists.On Monday morning, a group of youths had allegedly ransacked the mobile shop of Bharatlal Khatwani after he refused to give Rs 5 lakhs as extortion amount.The youths mercilessly beat up Khatwani. They left the place only after some traders rushed to Khatwani's rescue. After the incident around 105 traders had marched to Sitabuldi police station demanding action against the extortionists. They said that the extortionists were youths from Telipura area who had criminal records. The electronic market traders had downed shutters on Monday in protest of the incident.Traders said that the police registered their compliant only after they held a protest meet before the police station. Even after registering the complaint the police have done nothing to nab the culprits. Also, written requests to the senior police officials elicited mere assurances, claimed the traders.Meanwhile, following the murderous attack on Mande police has registered a case of attempt to murder, but no lead has been obtained on the attackers.Following Monday's stabbing incident, city's top businessmen approached police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and demanded immediate arrest of the culprits.\"It's a serious issue. Mande was attacked within hours of making the compliant. Despite the severity of the attack police are taking the issue lightly,\" said one of the traders, who refused to be named.\"Simple assurance can't mollify our anger. Police should understand the seriousness of the incident. We are not satisfied with cops' response,\" he added.The electronic market remained closed on Tuesday too. The association has decided to down shutters till the police arrests the offenders.\"Though the traders will incur heavy losses, the market will remain closed till the cops nab the culprits and punish them,\" said another trader.Police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has assured the traders that the extortionists would be immediately arrested and strict action would be taken against them. Sitabuldi police claimed that investigations are underway to nab the culprits.Mande, who is battling for life, claimed that he didn't recognize the attackers.\"I had been to the police station just to support my association members. I came back to wind up things in the shop when some youths suddenly attacked and stabbed me repeatedly. I still don't know what's my fault,\" said Mande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16649465", "title": "President Pranab arriving today", "text": "PATNA: The stage is set for President Pranab Mukherjee's maiden visit to the state today.It will be a hectic day for the President who arrives in the city around noon. He is scheduled to attend a function at Patna's SK Memorial Hall to unveil the state's agri road map for the year 2012-17 and later the convocation of L N Mithila University at Darbhanga.In between, the President will have his lunch with chief minister Nitish Kumar at the latter's residence at 1 Anne Marg.On his return from Darbhanga, the President will inaugurate Rajendra Mandapam built on the Rajbhavan premises where he will also attend a cultural programme which will be followed by a state banquet hosted by governor Devanand Konwar.He will have night stay at the Rajbhavan and fly out on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647835", "title": "Groups clash after youth held for stabbing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Arrest of a youth of Saraspur on Monday night who stabbed another youth on Ganesh visarjan day led to a group clash. City police deployed additional force so as to prevent any untoward incident in the area that witnessed violence on Monday and Tuesday.According to Shaherkotda police, two groups came to blows on September 29 night over taking out procession of Ganesh idols for immersion from Kadiawad area of Saraspur. The scuffle started when one of the groups prevented another from going first for the immersion and asked them to wait. The matter worsened and Alpesh Patel, a local youth involved in crimes such as gambling and betting earlier, brandished a knife and stabbed Jeetu Thakor, a youth from the opposite pol.While Thakor survived the attack and is recuperating at Shardaben Hospital, police charged Patel with attempt to murder and started a search for him. \"We got a tip-off on Monday night that Patel had come to meet some of his associates to get help near Shaherkotda and sent a team. He was caught from the spot after which he was rounded up for attempt to murder.\"When the news reached Kadiawad, more than 100 local residents came to the police station and first demanded we hand him over for justice. When we denied the proposal, they asked us to punish him in public to set an example. We also denied it and said that he would be presented to court on Tuesday,\" said KK Parmar, inspector of Shaherkotda police station.It created a furore in the area as a group of more than 50 youths went on rampage on Monday night.Damyanti Patel, a resident of Kadiawad, said that the group was armed with sharp weapons and were threatening to kill any youth who dared to oppose them.\"They entered our house and damaged electronic items and other goods. Same happened with three to four other houses in the area. The group then damaged vehicles parked outside the houses in pol,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "16648994", "title": "Disease, weather, give ryots a hard time in Canacona", "text": "CANACONA: If the weather wasn't playing truant enough with the crops in Canacona taluka, paddy cultivators in three villages are crying foul over the attack of what they're terming a \"mysterious disease\".But zonal agricultural officer Shivram Gaonkar pooh-poohed any mystery, calling the 'paddy blast' a common disease that attacks crops particularly in the initial stages of re-plantation.\"To protect against the disease farmers should undergo the (agriculture department's) seed treatment course before planting,\" said Gaonkar.He pointed out that seed demonstration programmes have been held across the taluka since the last year-and-a-half to acquaint farmers with crop diseases.The demonstration programmes have led to nearly 850 ha of land coming under cultivation this season, Gaonkar said.Following complaints from farmers in Khola (Gaondongorem and Poinguinnim are the other two affected villages) the ZAO's office had advised them to use systemic fungicide and tricyclazole. The farmers subsequently noted a 25-30%improvement in crop, Gaonkar said.He added that apart from the disease, the dry spell through much of September had affected much of the paddy crop, in its ear-head (grain formation) stage, growing on the taluka's uplands (Morod). The showers towards the end of last month have offered some relief, farmers said.There were fears earlier that the famous Khola chilli and cucumber would be among the many local produce that would be affected by the dry spell.Gaonkar said the vegetables had been showing signs of waning, forcing the rotting fruit to fall off the plant.Several areca nut farmers from Poinguinnim and Loliem claimed they had suffered losses due to large-scale premature dropping of fruits. Farmer Govind Prabhugaonkar from Mahalwada-Poinginium, who has around a hectare of land under areca nut cultivation, claimed a fungus was causing the fruits to drop prematurely. He claimed he has suffered 60-65% losses and demanded government compensation.But Poinguinnim sarpanch Mahesh Naik quickly pointed out that farmers in Cotigao and Poinguinnim, a year later, are still to receive compensation for damage to crops by wild animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649164", "title": "'Tijori' thieves under scanner in ATM robbery bid", "text": "NAGPUR: The robbery bid at the State Bank of India (SBI) ATM near Ajni Square in the wee hours of Monday has left cops groping in the dark.A section of the police feels that the clue may be in the attempt itself. The armed and masked miscreants tried to dislodge the ATM machine to take it away. The manner of the attempt reminded cops about the modus operandi of thieves who used to decamp with iron vaults a couple of years ago.\"In this case, robbers seemed to have made a futile attempt to take away the portion of the machine in which the money was kept. We are now trying to find out which gang has the capacity for such daredevilry,\" said the official.A couple of years ago, the crime branch had busted an inter-state gang which used to escape with vaults from houses and business establishments. Crime branch's senior PI Madhav Giri who was at the helm of the investigation, is probing the latest attempt on the ATM. Giri said the police has alerted its intelligence machinery and criminal records are being scanned.The ATM centre did not have closed circuit television cameras. The in-built camera was damaged and taken away. This has left cops searching for clues. The guard was tied up by miscreants. There were no other private security guards on the premises. The guard heard some names when the robbers were discussing their strategy. The police feels that such names could be fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646696", "title": "Cabbies plan to go off roads from Monday", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 45,000 taxi drivers have decided to launch an indefinite strike from Monday to push for their demand of revising cab fares as recommended by Hakim Committee.The announcement came after a government resolution was issued on September 29, saying the basic taxi fare would be raised by Re 1 and that of autos and cool cabs by Rs 2. The state has also suggested that fare for every subsequent km be increased from Rs 10.5 to Rs 12 for taxis and Rs 7 to Rs 9.5 for autos. Taxi unions are livid that the government has not accepted the recommendations of the state-appointed Hakim Committee, which had suggested an increase of Rs 3 in the basic fares of both cabs and autos.General secretary of Mumbai Taximen's Union A L Quadros said, \"The government has no business diluting the recommendations of Hakim Committee. It plans to increase the basic fare only by Re 1 following adverse recommendations from the transport commissioner. The Hakim Committee report has been diluted without consulting taxi unions. We will not accept such one-sided decisions.\"While transport commissioner V N More denied the allegations, secretary of the department Shailesh Sharma was not available for comment.The Hakim Committee had made its recommendations for fare revision after devising a formulae based on several factors such as cost of living and rising prices of spare parts. The panel had fixed the cost of living index at Rs 12,000 but the government decreased it to Rs 11,000. The government also pegged repair and maintenance cost at Rs 70,000 for one shift and Rs 80,000 for two shifts against Rs 92,000 and Rs 1.02 lakh respectively recommended by Hakim Committee. \"The government recommendation is without any rationale,\" Quadros said. \"Is there any logic behind offering a raise of Rs 2 to autos and Re 1 to taxis?\"Consumer Organizations criticized the taxi union's decision to strike. Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said, \"The state should invoke the provision of MESMA to prevent taxis from striking work. The union is using the strike as pressure tactics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652450", "title": "Enkay returns with his fourth single 'Vekhlo'", "text": "After recently releasing 'Sohni Lagdi', Enkay returns for his fourth single titled 'Vekhlo' featuring the vocals of Nirmal Sidhu. 'Vekhlo' is set for a October 2012 release.After the success of Sohni Lagdi featuring Ashok Gill, Enkay is set to release his next single.Vekhlo is an ode to the success of the Panjabi spirit worldwide. Whether it be in entertainment , sports , politics or business, Panjabi's have established themselves as a hard working and forward thinking community.Having previously worked with established vocalists such as Kaka Bhaniawala, Master Saleem &amp; Ashok Gill, Enkay has enlisted the talents of one of the most diverse Panjabi artists in the scene, Nirmal Sidhu, to bring this celebration of the five rivers to life.Vekhlo ft Nirmal Sidhu will be releasing digitally via Stripes Productions on 4th October 2012, across all major digital stores.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648755", "title": "High Court directs govt to include CIC as respondent", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh High Court has directed the inclusion of recently appointed chief information commissioner (CIC) Iqbal Ahmed as a respondent in a writ petition challenging his appointment to the post by the state government.Ahmed was selected as CIC by the state in the last week of July and he took oath of office on August 4. Former director general of police Arun Gurtoo and RTI activist Ajay Dubey had disputed Ahmed's appointment process through an amendment application filed in the High Court in September following a Supreme Court ruling on a similar case.A division bench of the High Court in Jabalpur presided by acting chief justice Sushil Harkoli and justice Alok Aradhe on Monday directed to implead CIC Iqbal Ahmed as a necessary respondent and amend the writ petition accordingly before the matter comes up for hearing again next week.Gurtoo and Dubey had filed the original petition regarding irregularities in the appointments of CIC and information commissioners before the High Court in May this year. After March 31, 2012 the post of CIC and nine positions of information commissioners fell vacant. Petitioners lawyer Siddharth Gupta claimed that on May 14, the High Court issued notices to the Union and state government instructing that any appointments made by the government to the posts of state information commissioners shall be subject to the final decision of this court.''Gupta explained: Inspite of the court's directions, the state appointed Iqbal Ahmed as the CIC.'' Meanwhile, the Supreme Court on September 13 heard a similar petition on appointment of CIC and information commissioners at the Centre and states. The Apex Court ruled that appointments to the posts of CICs and information commissioners has to be done through a transparent process by issuing advertisements and inviting applications from interested candidates.Those considered eligible for the job should have judicial background primarily having served as former Chief Justice or judges of the High Court.The Apex Court ruled that appointments shall be in consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court, who must have a say in the appointments.After this ruling of the Supreme Court, petitioners Gurtoo and Dubey moved an amendment application to their original writ petition pleading before the High Court to make CIC Iqbal Ahmed a respondent. Their lawyer argued before the court that the appointment of Iqbal Ahmed was not preceded by open advertisement to invite applications for the post. Ahmed has no judicial background or experience as required under the SC directions but worked as an administrative officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16648301", "title": "Cold spot on Venus hints at CO2 snow", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have discovered a surprisingly cold region high in Venus' atmosphere indicating carbon dioxide 'snow' on the planet.In a new analysis based on five years of observations using The European Space Agency's Venus Express satellite, scientists have uncovered a very chilly layer at temperatures of around -175 C in the atmosphere 125 km above the planet's surface that may be frigid enough for carbon dioxide to freeze out as ice or snow.The curious cold layer is far frostier than any part of Earth's atmosphere, despite Venus being much closer to the Sun, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The discovery was made by watching as light from the Sun filtered through the atmosphere to reveal the concentration of carbon dioxide gas molecules at various altitudes along the terminator - the dividing line between day and night sides of the planet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16653949", "title": "Allahabad HC orders Lucknow university not to hold union polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court on Wednesday ordered the Lucknow University not to hold students's union polls due this month and fixed October 17 as the next date of hearing in the case.A division bench comprising Justices Umanath Singh and Vijay Kumar Dixit passed this order on the petition of one Hemant Singh.Singh in his petition said that the age of candidates should be fixed from the beginning of the academic session and requested that polls be held on recommendations of the Lyngdoh committee.As per the committee recommendations, the union polls should be held within six to eight weeks from the start of the academic session.Singh said that as per the university, the age of the candidate should be fixed from the date of nomination due to which he could not contest the polls.He urged that in Delhi University and Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna University, Dehradun, the age of candidates were decided from the state of academic session and same should be done in the university here.The court while hearing the petition, fixed October 17 as the next date of hearing and asked the university not to hold election till then.The university has been asked to file counter affidavit by this date.The students union polls in university were scheduled on October 15 and the process for the same had started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16647827", "title": "Amenities elude passengers at Jeypore railway station", "text": "KORAPUT: Passengers using the Jeypore railway station are facing problems for lack of proper infrastructure at the station. The low platform and absence of sheds are a case in point. \"The Jeypore station has seen an increase in train traffic in the past few months. At least three trains pass through the station every day. But passengers, particularly the elderly, are facing problems in getting into trains because the height of the platform is very less. Often people fall down and get injured,\" alleged P R Panigrahi, a social activist.Passengers are also facing problems as there are no rest sheds. \"The station lacks adequate chairs, proper drinking water facilities, lavatories and parking space for vehicles,\" said S N Hontal, a resident of Jeypore. \"With more number of passengers using the railway station, the authorities concerned should also equip the station with facilities for the benefit of passengers,\" he added.Three passenger trains Kirandual-Vishakapatnam, Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar and Jagdalpur-Kolkatta pass through the Jeypore station and the Jagdalpur-Durg train will start plying via Jeypore from October 3. Besides these, at least 20 goods trains pass through the station.Admitting to the inconveniences faced by passengers for the low level of the platform and non-existence of sheds, station manager (Jeypore) John Kujur said, \"Tenders have been already floated for construction of sheds and increasing the height of the platform and we are hopeful that the work starts soon. Facilities will become better with time.\" Officials said Jeypore railway station has been accorded 'D' grade status and earns around Rs 50,000 every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647364", "title": "German team to gauge state's green potential", "text": "KOLKATA: The state is in the process of collaborating with the German state of Hessen to tap the latter's expertise in the field of renewable energy use. As a first step to build the tie-up, a 12-member delegation led by Lucia Puttrich, Hessen's minister for environment, energy, agriculture and consumer protection, will arrive in the city on Wednesday to gauge how the city is exploring its infrastructure to tap solar power and renewable energy.On Wednesday, the delegation will visit the Arka-IGNOU Community College of Renewable Energy to observe how energy is being tapped from renewable sources. They are also scheduled to meet the state power minister and his department officials at Writers' Buildings later in the day.\"The team, led by the minister of energy, will include their people's representatives. They are coming to gauge how the city and the eastern region of the country is doing to develop renewable energy. They will do a research work on this and meet us to discuss areas in which they can collaborate with us,\" said renewable energy expert S P Gon Chaudhuri, who is also the chairman of the renewable energy college.The team will also take a look at how the college is functioning. \"We have installed a wind energy generator on the rooftop of our college and they will have a look at how it functions. The team will also visit a private engineering college nearby that has installed a solar panel,\" Gon Chaudhuri added.The renewable energy policy of the state declared earlier this year made it mandatory for high-rise buildings to install solar panels on their roofs. More recently, with technical assistance from the renewable energy college, civic bodies of Kolkata, Durgapur, Howrah and Siliguri are including provisions in building laws that make it mandatory to install solar water heaters in all multi-storied commercial establishments, including hotels and hospitals.Current trends show that electricity tariff is on the rise whereas the cost of renewable energy is decreasing. For example, electricity tariff has risen to Rs 6 per unit from Rs 2 per unit in 2000 while the cost of generating a unit of solar power declined to Rs 7-8 from Rs 24 over the last decade. Experts also feel that tapping wind energy can boost power generation to a large extent. \"Many are showing interest in installing rooftop solar panels, which is an encouraging sign,\" Gon Chaudhuri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649242", "title": "Closed mobile science expo disappoints students", "text": "NAGPUR: Hundreds of viewers of Science Express-Biodiversity Special (SEBS) were in for a big disappointment as they had to return with Tuesday being a public holiday on account of Gandhi Jayanti.Although a communique issued by the Central Railway had mentioned about the holiday on Tuesday, it was not widely publicized and hence the message could not reach the viewers.The innovative mobile exhibition mounted on a specially designed 16-coach train was opened on September 30. It will be open for viewers till October 3.SEBS is a unique collaborative initiative of department of science &amp; technology (DST) and ministry of environment &amp; forests (MoEF). It is pulling huge crowd of students and parents with more than 10,000 visitors.On Tuesday, many viewers, most of them school and engineering students from the city and rural areas and others from towns like Tumsar and Tiroda, returned without viewing the special train. Some curious students tried to watch the exhibition by peeping through the coach windows.\"We were told that the innovative mobile exhibition would remain closed. Being a holiday, today was the perfect day to see the Science Express. From tomorrow we have our exams and we would miss the train,\" said a disappointed Sonu Mandokar and others, all BE III year students of Vilasrao Deshmukh College of Engineering.Mandokar added they had no information about the closure. Otherwise, Gandhi Jayanti was perhaps the best occasion to display the biodiversity special train.Unlike Mandokar and others, a group of 15 girl students of Lokmanya Tilak Rashtriya Vidyalaya, Tumsar, were also displeased with the organizers for keeping the exhibition closed.\"We were not knowing about the closure. Generally, such exhibitions are mostly open on national holidays as more people come to view such shows. We travelled 75km to reach Nagpur to view the special train,\" said Anuradha Patle and other students.Another engineering student Subhash Sahu said the SEBS primarily addresses biodiversity theme. \"It was really unfortunate that the state-of-the-art exhibition, which basically aims to create widespread awareness on the unique biodiversity of India and climate change was not open on Gandhi Jayanti,\" said Sahu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16635174", "title": "Gandhi Jayanti: UP CM extends greetings on the occasion", "text": "Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, has extended his greetings to the people of the state. In his message, the chief minister said that Mahatma Gandhi's message of truth, humanity and non-violence was all the more relevant in today's world. He said that Gandhiji all through his life fought against social evils like untouchability, caste system and inequality. He said that the need of the hour is to walk on his path.Janta Darshan: The Janta Darshan programme, which is organised on the first Wednesday of every month, will be organised on October 3 (Wednesday) at official residence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.Scimax show: A new Scimax show on 'Journey into amazing caves' was organised at Regional Science Centre here on Monday. Prof AK Sharma, head, department of zoology, Lucknow University, CM Nautiyal, scientist, BSIP and a large number of dignitaries and students were present at the function. The film 'Journey into amazing caves' is a captivating story of the mysterious world of the underground - the world's most remote, unexplored caves.MNS completes 87 years: Military Nursing Service (MNS), one of the premier and oldest professions of armed forces with their inherent qualities of compassion, commitment, dedication and devotion, completed 87 glorious years of service on Monday (1 Oct 2012) with the motto of 'Service with smile', serving the humanity and striving to render quality nursing care to clientele of three services of Armed Forces in peace and war. To commemorate the occasion, a series of events were organised which included a painting competition organised for the nursing cadets and children of nursing officers of Central Command on the topic 'Global warming: a great concern for environmental safety' at College of Nursing, Lucknow. A scientific session was organised on 'Quality nursing care: Where are we? ' The nursing officers of Central Command rededicated themselves to the service by pledging the Florence Nightingale oath. On the occasion, Brig Sushila Shahi lauded the hard work and dedication of nursing officers with exceptional selfless devotion to duty. She urged everyone to continue to strive for all round excellence with added zeal and elan.World Habitat Day: On the occasion of World Habitat Day, a seminar on 'Changing cities, building opportunities' was organised at the Institution of Engineers (India) on Monday. Speaking at the seminar, Pratibha Singh , a senior forest officer, who has worked on green building concept in the United States , said that half of the world's people now live in towns and cities. In next few years, two-thirds of the global population would be urban. She said that urban areas are responsible for most of our wastes and pollution. she also presented the sustainable model of city development.World Elders Day: Aastha Centre for geriatric medicine, palliative care hospital, hospice and social welfare society celebrated World Elders Day with its patients, care givers and members here on Monday. An event 'fashion show for elderly' was organised in which old and aged patients of the hospice participated in colourful costume and make-up. The show was volunteered by Ranjana Diwan, a Doordarshan artiste and singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16646914", "title": "No takers for dumped newborn girl with spinal cord ailment", "text": "AJMER: A newborn girl which was spotted on a thoroughfare here near Nasirabad last month, is waiting for a family to come ahead.It's not that there have been no takers. Several families enquired about the cute child, but when they were informed about an abnormality in her backbone, they all retreated.Police is now trying to zero in on the child's biological mother who is suspected to be from Ahmedabad.In last 10 days several couples approached JLN hospital authorities and enquired about the girl, who was found by a priest on September 23 on Nasirabad road.The priest admitted her to the hospital. \"She is cute and we would love to adopt her,\" said a couple on condition of anonymity.Hospital sources said at least four families have showed interest in the child and even the cops were releaved that the child would soon get a family of her own. However, during medical check it was revealed that the child had some problem with her spinal cord. Following this disclosure, all the interested couples retreated.Couples that were eager to adopt the baby said that they do not want to spend money on her treatment, \"We are looking for a healthy child,\" said a couple. Another couple even said, \"We can't afford to adopt an ailing girl child. It will be a burden for us.\"After the hopes of getting her a new home dashed, the cops have renewed their probe and said that a chit tied to a piece of cord on the child gave us some leads that mother could be from Ahmedabad and we have sent a team to identify the woman,\" said police officials. They added that the team will certainly find out the culprits.Even after several couples refused to adopt the side, the cops have shown their humane side. Four women constables have been deputed to take care of the girl and are working hard to see a smile on her face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647158", "title": "Over 150 survivors of breast cancer to attend 2-day meet", "text": "PUNE: Breast Friends Pune and Women's Cancer Initiative (WCI) will organise the first conference of breast cancer survivors in the country at the Four Points Sheraton Hotel on Pune-Ahmednagar Road on October 6 and 7. Over 150 breast cancer survivors from Mumbai, Pune, Nashik and other parts of India are expected to attend the conference, which will touch upon various aspects of the disease.During a press conference held in the city on Wednesday, oncologist Shona Nag said, \"The first day will have educational sessions for survivors with recent updates on surgical, medical and radiation therapies for breast cancer treatment by noted oncologists from Mumbai, Pune and Nashik.\"The highlight of the conference will be a panel discussion with survivors, oncologists, gynecologists, human resource professionals and social workers. It aims to answer common concerns amongst women after treatment on a wide range of topics from breast reconstruction, financial support for treatment to integrating back into the workforce.The second day will have several workshops by experts, which will address concerns like lifestyle, fitness and diet after treatment, lympho-edema (arm swelling post treatment) management and even the role of yoga and homeopathy in the recovery.\"Once breast cancer treatment is over, the patient's lifestyle is often ignored and simple changes can reduce the risk of recurrence. It is important for women to be aware of this. Therefore, post-treatment issues are equally important and and interfere with the quality of living,\" said breast surgeon Anupama Mane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16651583", "title": "Paddy seed distributed at subsidized rate at NSC, Palakkad", "text": "THRISSUR: The paddy (Jyothi) seed is being distributed by the National Seeds Corporation situated at Kanjikode West in Palakkad Central Subsidy (NFSM) of Rs 5 per kg for the benefits of the farming community of Palakkad district during 'PUNCHA 2012-13' with a net sale price of Rs 21 per kg. The farmers who wish to avail the said facility, may contact NSC office, Palakkad on 0491-2566414 or 9895014019.National Seeds Corporation (NSC), an ISO 140001:2004 certified Government of India undertaking with Miniratna-Category-I status is engaged in the production and supply of quality seeds at reasonable rates to the farming community.Presently, various paddy, vegetable and pulse seeds and planting materials are available with the area office of the NSC at reasonable rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652128", "title": "Excited to play a dabang Punjabi munda: Ravi", "text": "There is a well-known phenomenon about the film industry, that it is more difficult to sustain stardom than it is to attain it. But for some like Bhojpuri star Ravi Kishan it has been a cakewalk all credit to his superb acting skills and more importantly his humble disposition. With a heart of gold, inherent warmth and grounded approach all of it justifies his huge fan following.Ravi, who's in Chandigarh for the first time ever to shoot for his upcoming Hindi film Lucky Kabootar is totally in love with this enchanting city as he puts it, \"This is my first visit to the city. I had heard so much about it, that it's one of the most beautiful places in our country. Now, I can actually feel it. I am absolutely in love with its food, beautiful people, picturesque locales and the clear sky. I met many of my fans and they all are so civilised. I have decided to come back in November.\"Talking about Lucky Kabootar , Ravi says it's a big budget film with a strong storyline that belongs to the genre of light comedy. \"It's a love triangle against a Punjabi background and I am excited to play a dabang Punjabi munda in it,\" says Ravi who has more than 175 Bhojpuri and 50 Bollywood films to his credit, besides being a national award winner and voted as the most popular actor in Bhojpuri cinema. But it's still not easy for him to decide his loyalties between the two cinemas. \"Bollywood is where I started from and learnt acting, whereas Bhojpuri cinema has got me superstardom. So, for me Bollywood is like a father and Bhojpuri cinema is my mother...there can't be a choice.\"Whether it was in the Bigg Boss house, Jhalak Dikhla Ja or in films, Ravi leaves behind indelible impressions. \"I have never allowed stardom to get to my head. I am a person who can never pretend and manipulate...I am what you see me as.\" Ravi is also quite famous for the purity of language. To this he says, \"I was born in a temple to a priest father, in a place like Benaras. So, my upbringing has been influenced by such surroundings. When you're working in Hindi cinema you should speak pure Hindi.\"Next, Ravi would be seen in Sunny Deol's Mohalla Assi , Sanjay Dutt starrer Zilla Ghaziabad, Aditya Chopra's Mere Dad Ki Maruti, and a Bhojpuri film, Dulhan Chahi Pakistan Se.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652052", "title": "Ravi Teja to Jinthatha from January", "text": "It's official. Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja is hoping to recreate the magic of Vikramarkudu again. He is scheduled to start shooting for his next flick curiously titled Jinthatha from January onwards. The title is inspired from the super hit item number from the 2006 blockbuster directed by Rajamouli. Koti, a protege of director Rajamoulim, is directing the movie. Sai Korrapati is producing the film, MM Keeravani is the music director. The filmmakers are on the look out for a leading lady for the movie.The actor has been struggling for a hit at the BO after a spate of flops like Devudu Chesina Manushulu, Daruuvu and Nippu all of which failed to click at the BO. The actor is presently shooting for his upcoming flick Saar Vahaaru. Kajal Aggarwal and Richa Gangopadhyay are playing the female leads in the movie. The actor has also signed up to star in director Gopichand Malineni's Balupu opposite Shruti Haasan.Ravi Teja clearly has plenty to look forward to but he will be praying that at least one of these films will turn out to be a big hit and help him break the rut of consecutive flops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648606", "title": "2 youths injured as car hits motorcycle", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two motorcyclists were injured, one of them critically, when a car hit their bike near Hathi Complex early on Tuesday morning.After hitting the bike, the car's front tyres burst and it rammed into a PAU wall. The driver of the sedan - which bore a \"police\" sticker - fled, abandoning the vehicle on the spot. Injured Ajay Kumar , 24, and Lekhraj, 26, both residents of Jawahar Nagar, have been admitted to a hospital. Sunil Kumar, a relative of Ajay, said, \"To celebrate Lekhraj's birthday, the two were on their way to a temple in Sunet village when the accident took place. We reached the spot after Ajay called us. We took them to a nearby hospital. Due to the critical condition of Lekhraj, he was referred to CMCH.\" Investigating officer Sohan Lal said, \"The kin of injured told us that they would lodge a plaint in the evening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646303", "title": "Big players rule out hike in milk price", "text": "MUMBAI: In a relief to consumers who have been battling inflation, leading milk brands on Tuesday said they wouldn't be increasing the prices. This comes a day after private cowshed owners increased milk prices by Rs 4 a litre.\"This is the beginning of the season when milk production goes up. It wouldn't be economical for dairies and farmers to increase milk prices now,\" said B B Bhandare of Warana Milk.Officials of Amul, state-owned Mahanand Milk, Gokul and Mother Dairy, too, ruled out an immediate hike in milk prices. Mahanand Milk sources said the state and other major brands have never increased the price by Rs 4. Hikes, they said, are limited to a rupee or two.Bhandare attributed the price hike by cowshed owners to the increase in the cost of cattle feed. \"In the last three months, the cost of cattle feed went up by nearly 50%.\" Sources said the increase in diesel prices is also affecting the business.Madhav Padgaonkar of Gokul said the increased fodder cost might result in a price hike, but not immediately. \"The hike will take some time and it won't be as high as Rs 4 per litre,\" said.Tapan Sinha of Mother Dairy said, \"As of now, there are no plans to hike the prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16649270", "title": "Three Charlie commandos suspended", "text": "AMRAVATI: Police commissioner Ajit Patil suspended three Charlie commandos and ordered a departmental inquiry against ten cops, including an inspector in the lathi charge case during the students' council elections of Sant Gadge Baba University recently.According to information, police personnel lath charged some activists of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP). After the incident, a delegation of BJP and ABVP activists met police commissioner Ajit Patil and demanded a probe.On the basis of the report submitted by DCP Surekhkumar Sakhare, Patil suspended three Charlie commandos and ordered a departmental inquiry against ten cops, including inspector of Frejarpura police station Satyanarayan Jaiswal and PSI Milind Tayde.Vishal Gajbhiye, Mahendra Mundale and Gautam Dhone are the suspended Charlie commandos. They were found guilty of irresponsible behaviour during police bandobast, misuse of force, thrashing students and tarnishing the image of the police department.The departmental inquiry is underway against constables Praveen Dhoble, Gajanan Dhole, Kiran Mahore, Balaji Kendre and Shaikh Ashafaque Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646717", "title": "Mumbai varsity decentralizes distance education exams", "text": "MUMBAI: Distance education students in the current TYBCom batch will be spared of the confusion that marred the March 2012 exams. Putting an end to the chaos, the university at a recent Board of Examination (BoE) meeting decided to decentralize the examinations conducted by the Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL) from March 2013.The IDOL, which was part of the Mumbai University for several years, will now conduct its own exam. The date, time, question papers and the exam centres for over 60,000 students of IDOL's undergraduate and post-graduate courses will be different from the ones in regular colleges. Though the results will be declared by the university, the examination process has been completely decentralized.Subhash Deo, director of examinations of the university, said, \"The paper pattern of the exam has changed for regular students. Also, in the regular course, students will be appearing for the exam in the new credit-based semester system. While students of the regular course are attempting 60-mark paper, IDOL students have to appear for a 100-mark paper.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16649021", "title": "Indian IT helps to speed up drug development", "text": "BANGALORE: As global drug development costs mount, pharmaceutical and life sciences companies are outsourcing more of their activities in a bid to improve operational efficiencies and shorten the drug development timeline.Traditionally, these companies have sub-contracted activities like website monitoring , patient data capture and application maintenance to third-party IT vendors, with cost being the key consideration . But now they are also leveraging on IT companies for real-time data management , regulatory work, analytics to support clinical trials, and even to help develop personalized medicine.In the US, it is estimated that only one out of every 10,000 potential medicines investigated by the pharma companies is approved for patient use by the Food and Drug Administration. Winning an approval for a drug, on average, takes 15 years of R&D; and costs more than $1 billion.\"So pharma and life sciences companies are increasingly looking for partners to support them in their transformation , to optimize costs, help them scale globally and drive innovation,\" says J Sairamkumar , VP of life sciences practice in Cognizant Technology Solutions.Pravin Rao, senior VP in charge of the life sciences vertical at Infosys, says unlike current R&D; cycles that take over ten years before drug commercialization, technology innovations in validation and predictive adverse event analysis would drive quicker and less expensive clinical trials.Cognizant has executed over 30 large clinical studies in partnership with Sanofi-Pasteur , the vaccines division of Sanofi-Aventis Group. The IT company helped Sanofi Pasteur meet H1N1 deadlines on five critical studies and helped launch a human vaccine. Cognizant is helping Eli Lilly to bring efficiency to its US sales and marketing operations , through a range of solutions spanning commercial analytics, sales force planning, sales incentive compensation, customer relationship management, business reporting, data warehousing, and state compliance reporting using a cloud infrastructure.HCL Technologies is helping Australian clinical research organization Novotech to manage complex trials across many sites and countries. This also offers real-time web based reporting to clients anywhere in the world.Outsourcing opportunities are also emerging as many branded drugs go off patents. Blockbuster drugs like Pfizer's cholesterol buster Lipitor, AstraZeneca's anti-psychotic drug Seroquel, Bristol Myers' Plavix that prevent blood clots have come off patents last year paving the way for development of cheaper alternatives or what is commonly called generics. Here, IT plays a role in simulating how the drug behaves in the human body and arriving at pre-clinical data to determine the merit of the drug. IT companies also assist in regulatory submissions and in the data exchange that this necessitates between the drug company and the regulator.The trend towards personalized medicines has created new complications for pharma companies. It involves clinical trials targeting pre-selected groups based on genome types rather than demography. \"Each genome sequence throws up volumes of unstructured data,\" says Pradeep Nair, senior VP of healthcare practice in HCL Technologies. \"Pharma and life sciences companies are leveraging technology to dissect this data and optimize it to specific geographies.\"The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)'s move to better enforce existing standards and regulations is another emerging opportunity. For instance, Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations under the FDA defines the guidelines for electronic records, system validations, processing of electronic data and signatures to demonstrate compliance with paper records. Corrective Action and Preventive Action ensures a company implements good manufacturing processes and takes correction actions in case of product deviation, customer complaints and product recalls. \"In regulatory submissions, standardizing technology stacks to enable seamless data exchange with partners and regulators, and the ability to manipulate and analyse data to arrive at conclusions can shorten development timelines and speed approvals,\" says Cognizant's Sairamkumar.US president Barack Obama's healthcare reform --which expands medical insurance eligibility to many more Americans, provides incentives for businesses to provide healthcare benefits, and prohibits denial of coverage and denial of claims based on pre-existing conditions -- is expected to create many more opportunities for Indian IT firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16646798", "title": "Property dealer robbed of SUV &amp; cash", "text": "JAIPUR: A city-based property dealer was robbed of his SUV, cash and other valuables by over half-a-dozen robbers along the Jaipur-Agra national highway in Dausa's Mahuwa area on Monday evening.Police said the robbers kidnapped the property dealer, hijacked his SUV, beat him up and dumped him a few kilometers away from where they picked him up. The victim had contested the MLA elections from Todabheem, his native place, as an independent candidate.According to police, the victim, identified as Rajendra Singh, was on his way to his village in Bharatpur's Todabheem area in a Scorpio.\"The robbers were also in a Scorpio. They intercepted his vehicle near Pawata and then forced him out. They then kidnapped him. One of the robbers drove away his vehicle, while the others robbed him of his gold chain, cash and other valuables,\" SHO Mahuwa Madan Singh said.Rajendra Singh called the police control room after the robbers dumped him and sped away. The police are yet to arrest any of the robbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647279", "title": "Heritage set to take a rain check again", "text": "CHENNAI: Its not just rain and cheer that the north-east monsoon brings to the city. For those owning heritage buildings, it is a period of caution as most of the structures are ill-equipped to withstand heavy downpour and gale.Last year, portions of two buildings caved in due to poor maintenance, and activists fear that there might be a repeat as more structures are in a vulnerable state. The 128-year-old General Post Office now has a temporary roof covering the damaged portion, but the historic Government Madrasa-i-Azam Higher Secondary School on Anna Salai has not been repaired. Apart from the Ambedkar Government Law College that was partially damaged after heavy rains last week, a wing of the Teacher's Training College in Saidapet and the Beach House building on the Queen Mary's College campus are in a poor condition, says V Sriram, historian and convener of the Chennai chapter of Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach). The Bharat Insurance Building on Anna Salai and Gokhale Hall on Armenian Street are exposed to the elements as both are caught in legal battles following demolition attempts.\"Many owners don't bother to maintain as they know that these buildings will collapse on their own,\" he says. The state public works department, which maintains many old buildings, has a lot on its platter. \"We have to maintain nearly 15,000 buildings in TN including more than 3,000 school buildings,\" says a PWD official.Sriram says if there are clear guidelines for owners of heritage buildings, much of the damage can be arrested. \"CMDA's heritage conservation committee (HCC) should come out with a set of guidelines that tell owners what to do in case the building is damaged. Once they know how to maintain the buildings, we don't have to be concerned about the monsoon,\" he says.The conservation committee has been guiding owners on how to repair damages and construct extensions. \"We have given recommendations to nearly 25 buildings after owners approached us,\" says a member of the committee. He added that more individuals should take action and seek their help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16647988", "title": "Stir leaves students fretting", "text": "MYSORE: Dasara holidays are going to be no fun for students of Mysore region. The Cauvery stir has thrown life out of gear with road and rail traffic taking a beating. The agitation has left students and teachers wringing their hands. Colleges have seen a drop in attendance just when exams are round the corner.The district has around 3,000 schools and 80 degree colleges under University of Mysore.Most government schools are done with their theory exams, but not the oral exams. University of Mysore has exams from next month. However, students have not been attending classes following. Speaking to TOI, DDPI T Basavaraju said many government schools have finished their mid-term exams.Exams started from September 24 and Dasara holidays are to begin from October 7 to 28. However, private schools in the district have not started even theory exams.On whether exams would be rescheduled he said that oral exams may be postponed if the agitation stretches on.Sr Helina, principal, Teresian Primary School, says that the school has already postponed the Hindi exam scheduled for October 6 as there is a likely bandh. \" We are worried whether we will finish our theory and oral exams on time,\" she added. The school just finished two mid-term theory exams and Dasara holidays was to begin from October 15.Govinda Raju, assistant professor in English, Government College, says that the college has seen a 50-60% drop in attendance. Most colleges have not completed even 50 percent of the syllabus adding that colleges have just another 25 to finish this term's syllabus. The academic year started on June 13 and finishes on November 12.Internal exams have to be completed by November 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16646450", "title": "Sindhu survives Arundhati scare to enter final", "text": "SRINAGAR: Arundhati Pantawane wasted a golden opportunity to record perhaps the biggest victory of her career when she let title favourite PV Sindhu off the hook after being in the driver's seat on Tuesday.There was a pin-drop silence in the Sher-E-Kashmir Indoor Stadium when Arundhati won the first game against the defending champion at 21-8. Arundhati had the match in her grasp early in the second game too, when she was leading by a couple of points.However, she put the foot off the pedal to let Sindhu make a comeback into the match. Down 13-20 in the second game, Arundhati won five consecutive points to make it 18-20. At that juncture, it looked like Arundhati would keep the momentum going and seal the issue. However, Sindhu recovered to take the second game.Once Arundhati, who had shocked top seed Neha Pandit in the quarterfinal early in the morning, lost the second game, Sindhu showed her true class in the decider to complete a hard-fought 8-21, 21-18, 21-13 win in 42 minutes to enter her second successive final in the Senior National badminton championships on Tuesday.\"I did not expect three games before the match. I played badly and Arundhati played very well in the first game. It was a good match. In the third game, I finished the points early which helped me to win the match,\" a relieved Sindhu told TOI after the win.In the Rohtak Nationals early last year, Arundhati had beaten PV Sindhu in the quarterfinals, the only meeting between the two Gopichand Academy trainees so far.The second women's singles semifinal was also a close affair. Second seed Sayali Gokhale had to stretch fully to down the young Mumbai girl Tanvi Lad. Former national champion Sayali won 21-17, 9-21, 21-11 in a marathon which lasted for nearly an hour.The men's final will be played between country's two top players - P Kashyap and Ajay Jayaram. Both Kashyap and Ajay recorded straight-game wins over brothers K Srikanth and K Nandagopal respectively.Ashwini Ponappa and Tarun Kona will face defending champions Aparna Balan and Arun Vishnu in the mixed doubles final. The crack combination of Akshay Dewalkar and Pranav Chopra will try to claim its maiden title when the duo meets Mau Attri and Sumeeth Reddy in the men's doubles final.RESULTS (All semifinals)Men's singles: Ajay Jayaram bt K Nandagopal 21-14, 21-15; P Kashyap bt K Srikanth 21-5, 21-8.Women's singles: PV Sindhu bt Arundhati Pantawane 8-21, 21-18, 21-13; Sayali Gokhale bt Tanvi Lad 21-17, 9-21, 21-11.Men's doubles: Akshay Dewalkar-Pranav Chopra bt Alwin Francis-V Diju 21-18, 21-15; Mau Attri-Sumeeth Reddy bt Guru Prasad-Vineeth Manuel 21-10, 21-12.Women's doubles: Varsha Belawadi-GM Nischitha bt Sanyogita Ghorpade-Saili Rane 21-16, 15-21, 21-17; Aparna Balan-Sikki Reddy bt Pradnya Gadre-K Maneesha 16-21, 21-19, 21-15.Mixed doubles: Aparna Balan-Arun Vishnu bt K Maneesha-Pranaav Chopra 17-21, 21-12, 21-14; Ashwini Ponappa-Tarun Kona bt Prajakta Sawant-Manu Atri 21-19, 19-21, 21-15.Quarterfinals:Men's singles: 6-K Nandagopal bt Shreyansh Jaiswal 21-18, 21-9; Ajay Jayaram bt Abhimanyu Singh 18-21, 21-9, 21-6; P Kashyap bt 2-B Sai Praneeth 21-18, 21-19; 8-K Srikanth bt 14-RMV Guru Sai Dutt 21-13, 21-19.Men's doubles: Manu Atri-B Sumeeth Reddy w/o Rupesh Kumar-Sanave Thomas; 3-Akshay Dewalkar-Pranav Chopra bt 7-Venkat Gaurav-Manish Gupta 21-14, 21-13; 2-D Guru Prasad-Vineeth Manuel bt Surender Rathee-Neeraj Vashisth 21-11, 21-17; V Diju-Alwin Francis bt Arun Vishnu-K Tarun. Women's singles: Arundhati Pantawane bt 1-Neha Pandit 14-21, 21-16, 21-15; 3-PV Sindhu bt 13-Anita Ohlan 21-13, 8-3 (retd); 2-Sayali Gokhale bt 7-PC Thulasi 23-21, 21-19; 9-Tanvi Lad bt 11-Trupti Murgunde 21-15, 21-16.Women's doubles: 1-Aparna Balan-N Sikki Reddy bt 6-Anita Ohlan-Dhanya Nair 21-12, 21-11; 4-Sanyogita Ghorpade-Saili Rane bt K Suneri-S Darshini 21-16, 21-17; Pradnya Gadre-K Maneesha bt 3-Prajakta Sawant-Trupti Murgunde 21-14, 21-18; 2-Varsha Belawadi-GM Nischita bt Sonal More-Vinaya Shetty 19-21, 21-18, 21-10.Mixed doubles: K Maneesha-Pranav Chopra bt Manasi Gadgil-Nishad Dravid 21-18, 21-13; Ashwini Ponappa-K Tarun bt Juhi Dewagan-Venkat Gaurav 21-15, 21-8; 1-Aparna Balan-Arun Vishnu bt 6-K Suneri-Vijay Aloysius 21-9, 21-16; 4-Manu Atri-Prajakta Sawant bt Susan Rajan-Ram C Vijay 21-9, 21-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "trichy/dindigul", "code": "16647978", "title": "School sets world record on Gandhi Jayanthi; prayers held in Dindigul", "text": "TRICHY/DINDIGUL: 'If we are to teach real peace in the world, we shall have to begin with children,\" said Mahatma Gandhi several years ago. This statement appears to have influenced a private school in Trichy which embarked on a move to make its students imbibe the principles of the Father of the Nation. As part of its effort, 520 children from the school dressed as Mahatma Gandhi and set a new record of the highest number of students attired in the Gandhi costume on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanthi here on Tuesday.This was a momentous occasion for the 520 students of Jagan Matha Matriculation School in Trichy. The students were attired in white robes, shawl, moustaches, round spectacles and caps, just like Gandhi, to set the world record. The students held walking sticks too. Interestingly, 58 students even tonsured their heads to play the role to perfection. They converged at the school grounds around 9 am and observed silence for 10 minutes.Representatives from Elite World Records (UK) Private Limited, Asian Records Academy, Singapore, India Records Academy, Mumbai, and Tamilan Book of Records, Chennai, inspected the make-up of the students and recognized the feat as a world record. The new record broke the previous record of 485 youngsters attired in Gandhi costume in Kolkata on Gandhi Jayanthi last year. They handed over the certificates to school correspondent Fr A Sahayaraj. All the students were also given certificates of participation.Meanwhile, in Dindigul, special prayers were held at the spot where Gandhi alighted from a train and met people of Dindigul over 60 years ago. History has it that villagers around Dindigul had been walking towards the railway track on February 1, 1946, when the news of Gandhi's proposed visit to Madurai on February 3, to accompany dalits and enter the Meenakshi Amman temple, spread like wildfire. Freedom fighter LKP Lagumaiah had contacted the personal assistant of Gandhi and asked him if he could alight for a few minutes at Ambasamudram railway station and fulfill the dreams of the villagers. But, as it was not on schedule, this request was turned down.All the same, Lagumaiah decided that he would fulfill their wish and asked the people to gather around the Ambasamudram railway station and asked one of the men in the crowd to lie across the railway track. Gandhi did alight from the train much to the delight of the people. As the spot where he stood belonged to Lagumaiah himself, he decided to make it a memorial and a plaque detailing the importance of the place was erected there.Lagumaiah, now 99 years old, says he was speechless when he saw the joy on the faces of people on seeing Gandhi. He also donated 121 acres surrounding that spot to the setting up of Gandhigram University.Over the years, this spot too faced the same fate as other memorials and became surrounded with garbage with only children from Sowbagya Childrens' home placing a flower at this spot from time to time.In 2006, staff of Gandhigram University decided to clean the place and showcase its importance. Southern Railway came forward to provide a fence and ever since, the lamp has been lit there regularly.On Tuesday, many people including vice-chancellor of Gandhigram University Soma Ramasamy, registrar N Narayanamurthy, professors K Palanidurai, students from the university, children from the home and public, offered flowers, sweets and pongal to all on Gandhi Jayanthi. Lagumaiah could not attend the function due to ill health, but was happy that the place still was revered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651162", "title": "The Bachchans &amp; Shah Rukh Khan to attend Chittagong\u2018s screening", "text": "Much bad blood had flown between the Bachchans and the makers of Chittagong when it was alleged that Abhishek Bachchan had ended up doing a film, Ashutosh Gowariker's Khelenge Hum Jee Jaan Se, based on the same historical figure Surya Sen on which Chittagong is based. But now all of the bitterness has been washed away.And now the Bachchans, Amitabh and Jaya Bachchan, will attend a special screening of Chittagong in memory of the director Bedabrata Pain's deceased son, on 5 October which would also see a rare showbiz attendance by the eminent television journalist Dr Pranoy Roy.Sources say it was Dr Roy who brought about the rapprochement between the Bachchans and the Chittagong team. Says our source, \"First it was Bedo(Bedabrata Pain) who approached Jayaji . Though she is neck-deep in preparations for the Big B's birthday bash she agreed to come for the show. But when Bedo tried to invite Mr Bachchan through Jaya, she advised him to do the needful on his own.Bedo asked Mr Bachchan and also Dr Roy to put in a word. Not one to hold grudges, Big B immediately agreed to be there for the screening. Shah Rukh Khan who is very close to Dr Roy has also agreed come for the memorial screening.\"Confirming this August presence at his screening the director Bedabrata Pain says, \"Yes Amitji and Jayaji have kindly agreed to be there on this very special day in my life. I was very keen that they be there. I had my apprehensions due to what had happened. But not for a minute did they allow any awkwardness to come in the way of their intrinsically generous nature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16646610", "title": "Flat handover delay, missing amenities to cost builder Rs 2L", "text": "THANE: A builder has been fined Rs 2 lakh for the delay in handing over possession of three flats to the two buyers and non-compliance of a written promise to provide basic amenities to the residents of Hill Palace building near Upvan Lake here. The Thane District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum also directed the builder, M/s Patsons Engineers, to pay Rs 10,000 towards cost of legal expenses borne by the two buyers and an additional Rs 1,000 for failing to provide the piped gas line to their flats as the builder had promised initially in 2006.President of the consumer forum, R B Somani, and member Jyoti Iyer ruled in favour of the two residents\u2014Priyank Kumar and Kiran Madhav Prasad\u2014who had dragged the builder for lapses.It is learnt that the builder had assured to hand over the flats in May 2006 and also offered a string of amenities, including a safety door, power back-up and borewell facility within the premises of the high-rise overlooking the Yeoor forest in Thane (West).The two had approached the builder in Feb 2006 and were convinced into buying three flats of different sizes. An upfront payment of Rs 10.80 lakh, Rs.17.55 lakh and Rs.10.80 lakh respectively was made to the builder, who assured them of flat possession by May 2006. Besides a collective Rs 39.15 lakh paid by the duo to the builder, they also shelled out Rs 2.13 lakh towards miscellaneous expenses.Thirty-three months after the promised date of possession, the builder handed over keys to the flats in April 2009. Not just that, the flats were a far cry from what was promised\u2014safety door, power back-up, borewell, etc were missing from the new flats and neither was any possession certificate or an Occupation Certificate issued.The Forum ruled it as \"unfair trade practice and sheer deficiency in services'' on part of the builder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16648604", "title": "Congress launches stir for panchayat rights", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC), Ranchi on Tuesday launched a state-wide agitation for the rights of panchayat members.The party will continue with agitations over the next two months to pressure the government so that it decentralizes power at the panchayat level and gives them administrative and financial authority.Party spokesperson Rakesh Sinha said the agitation began with garlanding photographs of Mahatma Gandhi and former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri . \"The party workers took oath on the birth anniversary of two great leaders to continue with the struggle till the panchayats get their rights according to the law of the land,\" Sinha said.He also said for the next four days the party members will organize dharna in each block of the state and seek support of the masses.In the second phase, the party will organize sit-ins at offices of deputy commissioners in district headquarters from October 7-15. This will be followed by protests outside the office of divisional commissioners from October 29-November 4. The party will gherao chief minister's residence on November 27 before which it will organize padyatra all over the state starting on the birth anniversary of Birsa Munda on November 15, which is also the foundation day of the state.\"We will make people aware of the need for administrative and financial power which the panchayats desire. If this is granted then panchayats will not have to depend on the block development officer or deputy commissioner to get a new road constructed or the broken ones repaired,\" Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16648553", "title": "Cauvery stir: Siege at Torekadana Halli hits water supply", "text": "BANGALORE: The simmering anger among people of Mandya district over the release of Cauvery water took a nasty turn on Tuesday as scores of protesters laid siege to the Torekadana Halli station that pumps water to Bangalore city and got officials to stop all the pumps.Though the pumps started working 30 minutes later, the impact of the shutdown is likely to disrupt water supply to northern, southern and central parts of Bangalore on Wednesday. The affected areas will be Hebbal, Yelahanka, Peenya, Vidyaranyapura, Malleswaram, High Grounds, Kumara Park, Chikka Lalbagh, MG Road, Shivajinagar, RR Nagar, Banashankari and Kanakapura Road areas.BWSSB officials attributed the disruption to the 48-hour work cycle of the pumps and cascading effect of the shutdown. The pumps will gain full speed only after 48 hours.The protesters attacked the TK Halli station, located in Mandya district, and forced the BWSSB officials manning it to switch off pumps for Cauvery stages 1, 2, 3 and 4 around 2.15 pm. Board officials said the pumps were shut down for about 30 minutes till 2.45 pm.Drinking water supply to Bangalore was also disrupted at the Tataguni pumping station on Tuesday due to a power failure.Seers ask Bangaloreans to join protestAt a meeting held by pontiffs Sri Shivarathrishwara Deshikendra Swamy of Suttur Mutt and Sri Balagangadharanath Swamy of Adi Chunchanagiri Mutt with politicians, farmers' leaders and activists, the seers asked the people of Bangalore to participate in the agitation. They felt that Bangaloreans have a responsibility as they depend on Cauvery water. Other speakers expressed their anguish over Bangaloreans for their poor response to the movement. Some pro-Kannada organizations suggested that water supply to Bangalore be cut off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16648430", "title": "Just a week into scheme, police \u2018adopt\u2019 4,200 silvers", "text": "MUMBAI: It's been a week since the city police announced their 'adopt a senior citizen' scheme and they have already distributed police diaries at the residences of 4,200 seniors. In accordance with the scheme, a policeman would visit one of these homes every day, write down his remarks and maintain a record of the visitors and old age-related problems of the senior.The scheme will give a detailed idea about seniors to the police. \"It will be like a status report on the 4,200 senior citizens who are staying alone,\" said a police officer.The work of visiting seniors has been assigned to the local police stations' beat chowkies. There are approximately 96 police stations in the city with an average of four beat chowkies each. The status report will be submitted to the in-charge of police stations on a weekly basis and will be reviewed regularly.Police records show that there are 38,000 more senior citizens in the city but they live with their families. \"We do keep inquiring about them as well, but they have children to look after them,\" said the officer. \"Senior citizens staying alone are more vulnerable to crime against them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647343", "title": "Sharp rise in cases of dengue, malaria in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The menace of mosquitoes in the capital continues to grow. City hospitals say there is a spiralling increase in dengue and malaria cases over the past two weeks. On Tuesday, municipal authorities said, 12 new dengue cases were reported from across Delhi taking the total number of cases to 88 for the season. The malaria cases have crossed 800, officials added.\"There is a sudden spurt in dengue cases over the past week. We are getting 10-12 suspected cases daily and those with platelet counts lesser than 50,000 have to be admitted,\" said Dr S P Byotra, head of the medicine department at Sir Ganga Ram hospital. He said malaria cases have also increased but most patients do not require admission. Dengue has claimed two lives so far - a nine-year-old girl from Sangam Vihar and a 34-year-old man from Loni, Ghaziabad - and 76 people have been confirmed positive for the disease in the city. More than 800 malaria cases have also been reported.Health experts say present weather condition is conducive for mosquito-breeding and spread of dengue and malaria. \"Mosquito repellants must be used and the surrounding should be clean and stagnation of water must be checked,\" said Dr V K Monga, ex-chairman, MCD health committee.\"We have come across many patients who stop taking the medicines once the symptoms subside. This is wrong and might cause recurrence of the disease,\" Monga said. The malaria cases reported by the three corporations are 331, 324 and 172 cases respectively. In addition, there were 1,032 cases from neighbouring states.On Monday, Delhi health minister A K Walia chaired a meeting of top health officials and issued directions for intensified fogging. He said construction sites are most vulnerable areas for breeding of mosquitoes and maximum number of cases is being reported from areas where large-scale construction work is going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646235", "title": "Biodiversity meet is on, but hotels are still empty", "text": "HYDERABAD: Indian authorities may be going all out to paint an impressive picture of the ongoing biodiversity meet (CoP-11) and tom-toming about the heavy registrations that it has attracted, but their tall claims have failed to set cash registers ringing at city hotels. Hotel managers have been left wondering where the 12,000 delegates, who have supposedly signed up for the convention, have been lodged.In fact, two days into the convention, most of the 45 facilities across Hyderabad that were roped in for the event, are twiddling their thumbs as the much promised delegates have turned out to be no shows. While each of them was asked to reserve 40% of their rooms for the mega meet, the footfall has been a meager 10-15% so far, say hoteliers. They point out how most hotels across the city are saddled with vacant rooms and almost negligible enquires, with some even waiting to open their CoP-11 account.The hardest hit are star facilities located within the core city limits. Already at a disadvantage due to their distance (of over 10 kms) from the host venue -- Hitex-HICC, their business has taken a further beating thanks to the thin crowds. As the official of a major 5-star hotel chain in the city area points out: \"We have not received a single booking across all our hotels. Hotels near the venue are getting bookings and only once they get full will we get any bookings. We are waiting and hope to get some bookings after October 6.\"Even a modest rate-card has failed to yield any success so far. Not surprising then, that many of these hotels are now contemplating a further slash in their tariffs in the hope of pulling some of the traffic towards this part of town. \"We had kept aside 150 rooms for CoP-11. None of them have been booked till date. We are ready to reduce our prices further if delegates are interested in staying with us,\" said an executive of Katriya Hotel in Somajiguda. Not too far away at Aditya Park, Ameerpet, the situation is much the same. While the four-star facility (as per the official CoP website) has seven participants from the convention presently residing on its premises, officials confess that the turnout is far poorer than what they had expected.Surprisingly, even hotel managements in and around Hitex aren't too excited about the check-ins. In fact, Avasa Hotel in Madhapur, standing tall only a stone's throw away from the venue has just about managed to fill 45 rooms (of the more than 70 reserved) so far. And unlike some of the more optimistic ones that are still hopeful of better footfall over the next few days, Avasa has unblocked the rooms kept aside for CoP-11.\"We have opened the vacant rooms for regular guests. If there are any delegates who walk in later, we will try and accommodate them. But we are no longer holding back the inventory,\" said a reservations executive of the hotel.Officials of the hotels and restaurants association of Andhra Pradesh (HRAAP) too have given up all hopes of the trickle turning into a flood as the nearly three-week mega-event progresses. According to rough HRAAP estimates, on an average just about 10-15 rooms in each hotel have been booked by participants of the biodiversity conference. \"It is disheartening considering that most of them had about 80-100 rooms on hold for this meet. We had lots of hopes from this event,\" said a dejected HRAAP office-bearer.If rooms are still flashing the 'vacant' sign, so are the many tour packages that the Andhra Pradesh Tourism Department (APTDC) has specially tailor-made for CoP delegates. Those manning these APTDC counters, set up at every hotel, rue how the enquires and bookings are far and few in number so far.But Chandana Khan, special chief secretary (tourism, cultural affairs and archaeology) claimed that there was an impressive demand for city tours. \"Even on Tuesday, a lot of delegates went around to see the state art gallery and Chowmahalla Palace, among other heritage sites. We hope it will pick up over the weekend,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647556", "title": "Ban in core areas of tiger reserves will hit tourism: Pune tour operators", "text": "PUNE: The Supreme Court's interim ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves is expected to affect the niche segment of wildlife tourists, wildlife enthusiasts as well as inbound travelers that visit India for its tiger reserves, said city-based tour operators that offer wildlife tourism.The operators said that tourists who otherwise would have made tiger reserves a part of their travelling itinerary during Diwali, will now switch to other destinations. Niche tour operators too have been left in limbo. Though the final judgment is still awaited, wildlife tour operators are turning down tourists' enquiries for tiger reserves. National parks usually open their gates to tourists between October and March, and tour operators have a good chunk of bookings by this time of the year.Nikhil Thakurdas, chief executive officer of a city-based tours and travel company, said, \"The ban, if it continues, will affect the inbound travelers or foreign tourists. Also, people that are going for winter holidays to places like Rajasthan and Kerala, both of which have popular tiger reserves, are modifying their travel plans. About 15 to 20% of tourists that have opted for these states have struck off their plan to visit the tiger reserves there.\"Thakurdas added that wildlife tourism is a niche tourist sector which is picking up in India, as the country has the highest population of tigers and attracts a lot of foreign tourists. \"Wildlife tourism is becoming an important component of travel plan for regular families too. Nagarhole National Park in Karnataka, Tadoba in Maharashtra, Periyar National Park in Kerala, Gujarat's Gir Forest for its Asiatic lions, Ranthambore in Rajasthan and Pench, Kanha and Bandhavgarh in Madhya Pradesh are popular reserves that attract a lot of tourists between October and March,\" he said.Thakurdas added that 20-25% tourists show their inclination to including tiger reserves in their travel plan. \"Last year, we had about 250-300 tourists visiting these reserves from October to March. About 15-20% of these were inbound travelers to India or foreigners. This year however, after the ban, there have been no enquiries. The ban, if it continues, will affect inbound travel to India, the wildlife tourists as well as the hotel industry that has invested in resorts and hotels around the reserves,\" said Thakurdas. Devdatta Mulay, director at a tour agency, said, \"There is no clarity on when these reserves will be open to the public. As of now, the SC has postponed ruling on the status of its interim ban. The next hearing is on October 3. However, even if the reserves open suddenly, there will be huge tourist rush and confusion over which routes to the reserves are to be taken, among other things. Even now, we are receiving a lot of enquiries about when the reserves will be open, but we do not know. Currently, we cannot make any bookings.\"Mulay added that the company books about four to five trips to such reserves from October to December. \"This time, we have not booked any. In fact, a party of 15 people wanted to visit Dandeli National Park but we could not book their trip. Business too is being affected, as 50% of it depends on bookings to reserves. Of the total bookings that we receive two months prior to Diwali, 30-40% of them are for national parks and tiger reserves. Business will be further affected if the decision is deferred,\" said Mulay. Zelam Chaubal, director of a travel and tour company in Shivajinagar, said that tour operators are now waiting for national parks to open. \"Business will be affected if they remain close due to the ban. Wildlife tourism's contribution to total business is 10%, while the season for such trips starts from October. Though we are getting enquiries for wildlife trips, we are currently making no bookings,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16653391", "title": "Aniruddh, Vishal and Vikram\u2019s pain full dedication", "text": "Get ready to witness the one of its kind and the most energetic performance of the year that will soon hit your television screens.Aniruddh Dave aka Indu Sigh, Vishal Singh aka Jigar and Gautam Gulati aka Vikram burned the dance floor during their performance at Star Parivaar Khushiyon Ka Tyohaar . While the entire family was praising them for their outstanding performance the actors also received some very sweet comments about their looks. But little did the family know that the boys had to undergo a lot of pain to fit themselves into this look? The actors who wanted to look perfect for their performance went through a full body wax to ensure that they looked like a women during the performance. This is not all they also took tips from their female co-actors and also observed them for few days to ensure that they could look natural. This is not all their dedication also resulted in lot of positive remarks that made the actors very happy. \"Saanchi actually came up to me and said I looked like a new Bahu of STAR Parivaar\", said Aniruddh Dave aka Indu Singh where as Gopi kept looking at her devar, Jigar and admired how pretty he was looking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16651175", "title": "SC sets 6-month deadline for states to provide drinking water, toilets in schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday directed all states to provide drinking water and toilet facility in all schools within 6 months.The apex court extended this order to all private schools too, irrespective of their status---minority or non-minority.A bench headed by justice K S Radhakrishnan fixed the time limit and asked the governments to take steps to provide the basic facilities in schools across the country.The bench said that all its previous directions pertaining to providing infrastructure should be implemented within the time frame fixed by it.On October 18 last year, the apex court had directed all states and Union territories to build toilets, particularly for girls, in all government schools.The court passed the order on a PIL seeking its direction to Centre and state governments to provide basic facilities of drinking water and toilets in schools.The apex court had earlier stated that it was imperative that all schools provide toilet facilities, as empirical researches indicated that wherever toilet facilities are not provided in schools, parents do not send their children (particularly girls) to schools.The court had also observed that not providing the infrastructure was a violation of the right to free and compulsory education of children guaranteed under Article 21-A of the Constitution.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16648958", "title": "TB detection rate up, but cure rate stays same", "text": "PANAJI: The case detection rate for tuberculosis in Goa has improved from 65% in 2011 to 67% this year, but the state's 'cure rate' of 84% has remained unchanged.Improvement in detection rate means the number of TB cases has reached 1,044 in the first six months this year. In all, 2,035 cases were detected in 2011.These statistics stand out in the 48th report of the annual TB seal campaign released at the directorate of health services, Panaji , on October 2. The report has been compiled by the Tuberculosis Association of Goa.The report reveals that tuberculosis rates are also higher among those who have AIDS or diabetes.The number of people suffering from Aids who have also contracted TB has reached 55 so far this year, compared to 116 in 2011.Diabetic and TB drug resistant patient deaths have dropped from 29% to 4%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646288", "title": "Malaysia-bound flyer held with 12 kg party drug", "text": "MUMBAI: The air-intelligence unit of Customs arrested a Chennai resident, T Naganathan, at Sahar airport for allegedly trying to smuggle 12 kg of party drug Ketamine out of the country on Monday night. The drug is valued at Rs 1.2 crore. Naganathan was about to board a flight to Malaysia when he was intercepted by a team led by assistant commissioner (Customs) Sameer Wankhede.Customs officials said Naganathan visited Malaysia, Vitenam and Sri Lanka 40 times in a year. \"He would make four trips in a month to deliver the consignment,\" a Customs official said. Nagannathan told officials he was paid Rs 10,000-20,000 for every delivery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16648831", "title": "Steel City Sikhs angry over Rowling's representation of community, demand text omission from book", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Coming close on the heels of an incident involving an American Sikh student Balpreet Kaur, who was mocked for her sideburns and a beard after her pictures were posted on a social networking site, a city-based Sikh outfit has expressed resentment over J K Rowling's latest novel 'The Casual Vacancy' in which a baptized female Sikh student is ridiculed by her friends for hair growth on her body.The Jamshedpur branch of the All India Sikh Youth's Federation (AISYF) has asked the author of the book to remove the portion from the novel or be prepared for the consequences. Describing the text as a slur on the Sikh community, the outfit has threatened to burn copies of the novel in protest.Satnam Singh Gambhir, the president of the local unit of AISYF, said, \"We demand omission of the text or else we will not allow it's sale at bookstores in Jamshedpur and other places.\" He said they are in regular touch with Shiromani Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC), the representative body of Sikh's highest temporal seat, Akal Takht, for further action.Rowling, whose latest novel has been written with a Sikh family at the centre of its plot, has a character, Fats, describing his classmate Sukhvinder as 'moustached, yet ****, scientists remain baffled by the contradictions of the hairy man-woman' on page 120. This very paragraph has upset the Sikh community. Using provocative language to describe the physical traits of the baptized Sikh character is slanderous, said the outfit.\"Incidents of mocking Sikhs' physical traits are on the rise particularly in the Western countries,\" said Gambhir. Mentioning the Balpreet Kaur incident and also the upcoming Ajay Devgn starrer 'Son of Sardar' AISYF said religious and racial sentiments of Sikhs should be honoured. Ajay Devgn was strongly criticized by Sikhs for alleged misrepresentation of Sikh lifestyle in his movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651868", "title": "Music of Narsimha launched", "text": "Made under Bhanu Films and Production, the music of 'The Narsimha' was launched recently. Many big names of the film industry were present at the event. Vinay Anand, Gunja Pant, Abhishek Singh, Priy Sharma are the stars in the movie.The film is totally action oriented. Director Vinod Tiwari said, \"The Narsimha is our second film. My first film was Dabang with Vinay Anand and Kalpana which will be released on 12th October.\" Songs of the film are very melodious. Vijay Lal and Indu are the singers.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16646999", "title": "Own goal is Punjab's golden goal in final", "text": "BANGALORE: The pendulum swung from end to end before an own goal by Air India's VS Vinaya helped Punjab emerge champions in the Hockey India Senior men's national championship with a stunning 2-1 extra-time victory at the KSHA stadium on Tuesday.After having starred against Karnataka with a last-gasp winner in the semis on Monday, Vinaya was back in the limelight on Tuesday with an equalizer against Punjab, as well as the anti-climactic own goal that ended the contest that very moment.The former India midfielder converted a penalty corner to put his side back in contention in the 38th minute after Prabhdeep Singh put Punjab ahead in the 36th minute, finding the target off a Satbir-Akashdeep move on the right. But going into extra-time, Air India were in for a big shock when Punjab striker Gurbaj Singh's long ranger from the right flank saw the ball touch Vinaya's stick en route to the goal.Earlier, it was Air India who enjoyed territorial advantage with their strikers making easy inroads and their defenders and midfielders gelling well with one another. After the break, Punjab, coached by former India midfielder Baljit Singh Saini, went on the offensive, launching foray after foray and forcing as many as five penalty corners.As Saini said later: \"In the first-half, we opted for half-court press but in the second session, we changed it to full-court press. We attacked a lot and it made a difference.\"The victory comes as a remarkable achievement for Punjab, whose junior side emerged champions at the Junior Nationals a month ago in Lucknow. \"Yes, it's a great victory for us as our junior side also won the nationals a month ago,\" said Saini. \"This team has seven players from the junior team. The victory is also special because we beat an experienced side as Air India which has so many Olympians and international stars. We knew it would be a tough game and had a particular strategy.\"Meanwhile, Karnataka avenged their 2011 final loss to Haryana with a 2-1 victory to finish third in the tournament.Upcoming Player of the Tournament MB Aiyappa (24) and skipper VR Raghunath (41) scored for Karnataka while Haryana found the consolation goal through their star player Sardar Singh in the 60th minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16650486", "title": "Odisha CM launches bicycle scheme for BPL boys in Odisha schools", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a bid to bring all children to schools, the Odisha government on Tuesday launched a bicycle scheme for 10th standard boy students from BPL families.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik handed over cheques of Rs 2600 each to some students while inaugurating the scheme here at a function on Gandhi Jayanti at the Capital High School.Stating that education was a powerful medium to transform soci-economic condition of poor families, Patnaik said his government's free bicycles for girls of all categories and boys of scheduled caste and scheduled tribe boys have yielded a satisfactory result.The state government has launched the Rs 135 crore bicycle scheme covering 5.20 lakh students in state run schools.All girl students of tenth standard, including BPL families, were earlier included in the bicycle scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16647138", "title": "Doctor arrested for raping US-based woman seeks bail", "text": "MUMBAI: A doctor from south Mumbai arrested in the first week of August in a case of alleged rape and cheating lodged by a US-based married woman has moved the Bombay high court for bail.The Colaba police had arrested Dr Nitesh Karve (name changed) on a FIR filed four years after the alleged offences. The doctor, a follower of Swami Nityanand, offered her rose milk spiked with a \"stupefying substance\" and had sexual intercourse with her in her sedated state. She alleged he made her believe that she was his \"divine consort.\"The FIR also mentions that her husband had already filed a private complaint before a Bandra magistrate against the doctor for an offence of adultery.In the bail plea, the doctor said the allegations are \"false and imaginary\" and said at best they point to a \"consensual act.\" He said the FIR was filed \"belatedly after four years out of vendetta.\"The FIR says she knew his family and they became friends when Karve was in the US for further studies. She lives in the US with her husband.Karve's bail plea said that there was no need for his custody even for a day. He said her husband had filed a case of adultery which is described as an offence, not amounting to rape, where a man knowingly has sexual intercourse with a married woman. He said she is an educated, married woman and rebutted her accusation of spiking her drink. The bail plea is expected to come up this week for a hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648355", "title": "Attack not meant to kill Brar, but show \u2018uprising\u2019 still alive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even though the attackers of Operation Blue Star commander, Lt Gen K S Brar, are yet to be identified, agencies here suspect it might be linked to the radical elements in the Sikh diaspora, who have repeatedly disrupted Republic Day and Independence Day events of the Indian High Commission in the UK.According to intelligence sources, radical Sikh groups such as Dal Khalsa UK have been organizing protests for years now outside the Indian High Commission office in London as well as at the consulate office in Birmingham. Of late, some militant Sikh youth have gone a step beyond by even disrupting these national events. Sources said the Sikh youth make forced entry at R-Day or I-Day receptions, posing as invitees from the Indian community, and mask their faces before shouting pro-Khalistan slogans, breaking glassware, and grabbing/throwing microphones.\"These radical Sikh men then escape on their motorcycles as quickly,\" an intelligence official said adding that though the local police are posted outside, they do little to stop or intercept them. Sources indicated that the UK law enforcement authorities prefer to take a neutral stand, assessing the Sikh protests as an internal matter of the Indians. Though the Indian authorities have been pursuing the British government to get tough with the Sikh extremist elements, the UK has been reluctant to oblige.Incidentally, the Indian agencies fear that the success of the Sikh radicals' protests this year \u2014 they even led a huge protests against the pending execution of Balwant Singh Rajoana, assassin of former Punjab CM Beant Singh \u2014 may have emboldened them to go for the high-profile strike at Brar.Brar, incidentally, had not followed the recommended drill of informing the local High Commission and the UK authorities of his visit to London, which would have ensured deployment of requisite security for his protection. The attackers were possibly aware of this and may have been following him for some time.According to an intelligence officer, the UK has been found rather wanting in acting against the Sikh radicals, who now may be playing into the hands of groups like Babbar Khalsa International that are making fresh attempts at reviving Sikh militancy with help from Pakistan's ISI. The attack on Brar is seen not as much as a daring assassination attempt, but as a message to convey that the Khalistanis are still alive and kicking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647412", "title": "Lohegaon airbase celebrates Indian Air Force's 80th anniversary", "text": "PUNE: The Air Force Station (AFS), Lohegaon, one of the premier airbases of the Indian Air Force (IAF), is conducting a series of events to mark the 80th anniversary of the IAF, which falls on October 8. The celebrations, which kicked off on September 29, include events like a road safety awareness campaign and a motivational tour of the air base for schoolchildren to further Air Force-civilian cooperation. A gathering of IAF veterans will be held on October 6.The AFS, Lohegaon, is one of the oldest air bases in the country. It was established in 1939, initially as an air base of the then Royal Indian Air Force (RIAF) and later as an IAF base. Its prime role was to provide air security to the then Bombay city and the merchant shipping operations, after the onset of the World War II.At the time, the base had Mosquito, Willington and Spitfire aircraft. Group captain R Ramlieden was its last British station commander till May 20, 1942. The base has since grown in stature and is now one of the most indomitable air bases of the IAF as a peace-time training centre for operational squadrons as well as a centre for induction of new aircraft. Almost all aircraft that have flown with the IAF after Independence have flown in the city's skies. As of now, the Lohegaon air field is home to the IAF's frontline fighter aircraft - Sukhoi 30 Mk-I.The air base has contributed immensely towards the integration of new aircraft weapons systems into the existing infrastructure to keep the IAF at par with any modern air force of the world. Besides, the AFS has been the operational management of the civil airport, which shares space with the IAF and uses the same runway.Various measures are in the pipeline to improve the infrastructure and security appreciation of the air base. This includes the 'Modernisation of Air Field Infrastructure' project, which is scheduled to start later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16649194", "title": "President visit: Better stay indoors if it\u2019s not urgent", "text": "PATNA: Stay indoors if it's not urgent and if you are not the one wishing to have a fleeting sight of President Pranab Mukherjee during his maiden visit to the city, especially during two hours from 12.20pm.The IAF's special aircraft, Boeing Business Jet, carrying the President would land at the Patna airport at 12.05pm. \"Entry of private and commercial vehicles will remain suspended for two hours since 12.20pm on Bailey Road, Dak Bungalow Road, Frazer Road and around Gandhi Maidan,\" SSP Amrit Raj said and added vehicular traffic at the Dumra town outpost would be diverted towards Jagdeo Path.Vehicles entering the city through Ashok Rajpath would be also diverted. However, ambulances and fire tenders would be allowed to ply in case of emergency.The vehicular traffic will be diverted on all the major roads and the same traffic route will be maintained till October 4 morning when the President will fly out at 9.35am. While all the lanes and roads leading to the stretch from the airport to the Gandhi Maidan via Bailey Road and Dak Bungalow crossing have been barricades, flyers to and from the city will also have to face inconvenience due to the VIP visit. \"No aircraft will be allowed to take off or land during the half an hour before and after the landing of the President's aircraft,\" a Patna airport official said and added the President would be accorded the guard of honour at the state hangar.Sources said the President will proceed from the airport to Rajendra Chowk near Raj Bhavan where he will garland the statue of Rajendra Prasad. His cavalcade will then leave for Shri Krishna Memorial Hall where he will unveil the state's agri road map for 2012-17. The President will fly to Darbhanga in an IAF chopper at 2.45pm and will return to Patna at 5pm.SSP Raj said 10,000 policemen in uniform and mufti would be on duty at various strategic points. Quick reaction teams will remain stationed around the Gandhi Maidan, Income Tax roundabout, airport, Raj Bhavan and other places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646496", "title": "Visitors at Mecca Masjid greeted with a stench", "text": "HYDERABAD: The imposing structure of the historic Mecca Masjid may leave tourists in awe, but for the past few weeks a pungent stench emanating from its north-east corner is making them wince the moment they step into the premises. A large pit dug up for the construction of a water sump a few weeks ago is raising a stink due to sewage inflows and rainwater accumulating in it.The north-east corner of the Mecca Masjid premises was excavated three weeks ago for the construction of a sump with a capacity of 5 lakh litres at an estimated cost of around Rs 35 lakh for storing water to cater to the ablution needs of worshippers and for use of the mosque. But work has come to a standstill. A leaking sewage line running from the toilets has filled the tank compounding the problem much to the chagrin of worshippers and tourists. An irate worshipper said, \"The unbearable stench starts as soon as I reach the wall on the east side from Lad Bazaar. It is a great inconvenience. The pit was dug around a fortnight ago but the foul smell started about five days back.\" According to HMWS&SB; officials, the problem is \"yet to be identified.\"Further, after much deliberation, repair work of the ablution tank in the central courtyard at an estimated cost of Rs 8.5 lakh was also entrusted to the HMWS&SB; more than a month ago. According to mosque and HMWS&SB; officials, the tank had developed cracks from which water was continuously escaping. This work too has come to a halt after the removal of tiles. Water Board officials said that they were yet to examine the tank walls and bed. However, mosque officials maintained that there was no water shortage. An official requesting anonymity said, \"There is no water problem. We have installed temporary taps for worshippers and tourists.\"Water works officials said that the drainage line would be disconnected to stop the trickling of water into the sump but failed to specify when.T Raghu, general manager, HMWS&SB; said, \"Rains in the past few days have created problems for construction of the sump and repairs of the tank. We estimate that the sump will be completed in three months and the tank repairs will be done within 45 days. It is normal to find sewage lines during excavation. We will have to see the problem first and then proceed. All plans have been drawn up and will be executed shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16649298", "title": "India never got a chance to witness the brilliance of Hosie Amroliwalla", "text": "It was the Ranji Trophy final of 1959 and the crowd at the Brabourne Stadium couldn't wait for the match to begin. One among the many school kids, I too hooted with the crowd when the Apte brothers stepped out of the pavilion. Bombay had chosen to bat against Bengal.Bombay batting first used to be one of the greatest forms of entertainment those days. But that day, the typical CCI's morning pitch, with a little moisture, was used effectively by Bengal left-arm medium pacer Premangsu Chatterjee.Incidentally, Chatterjee is the first Indian bowler to have taken all 10 wickets for 20 runs in an innings against Assam in 1956. At the Brabourne Stadium that day he was moving the ball both ways. D S Mukherjee kept the pressure on from the other side.The first to depart was the reliable Madhav Apte. One down for zero. Twenty minutes later, with the score reading 15, both Arvind Apte and Ramnath Kenny returned to the pavilion. Hardikar and a young Wadekar played for a couple of hours but they too were sent back soon. Five wickets down and just 80 runs on board -- Bombay looked in serious trouble. Chatterjee, who was virtually unplayable, had already grabbed four out of those five wickets.Hosie Amroliwalla joined Madhav Dalvi and we were treated to quality batsmanship. Dalvi blocked one end up, but from the other end Amroliwala played some breathtaking drives, cuts and pulls. He went after both the medium pacers -- Chatterjee and Mukherjee -- and managed to disturb their rhythm. Bengal captain Pankaj Roy, who was ecstatic at lunch seeing the back of five Bombay batsmen, was now clueless.Hosie kept the scoreboard ticking. A loose ball and he would bisect the field placings with utmost ease. He and Dalvi added 160 runs for the sixth wicket and Bombay managed to score 294.Two weeks later, when the Indian team for the England tour was announced, Hosie's name was missing. Recalls Nari Contractor, \"Hosie was far superior to those who went on the tour. Not only was he a very good batsman, he was also the man in form. I still feel had he opted to play for another state like I did, perhaps he would have made it to the Indian team.\"Madhav Apte agrees with Nari, \"Let's not forget he was a brilliant fielder too and his leg-spin could have come handy on the England tour.\"Hosie's outstanding performance was in the inaugural Irani Trophy match at Delhi in 1960. He not only scored an unbeaten 76, but also took 6 for 44 with his leg-breaks and googlies. In the strong batting line-up of Bombay, Hosie in his Ranji Trophy debut game batted at number 10 and scored an unbeaten 64. He averaged 44.55 in 44 first-class matches and played many memorable knocks.One knock of Hosie is etched in Milind Rege's memory. \"In those days, Parsee Gym had a thatched wall for their tennis courts. I was at the other end as a collegian with Hosie on strike. It was a Tata vs ACC Times Shield match with nearly 10,000 spectators watching.Hosie's fierce square drives and square-cuts off fast bowlers Ramakant Desai, Vishu Bondre and Anthony Fernandes made many holes in that thatched wall. Hosie was very endearing and a role model for all of us at Tata. He was fun to play with even though he was so senior,\" Rege recalls.He adapted himself well on turners as well. Even the great exponent of leg-spin bowling, Madras's V V Kumar, has a word of praise for Hosie's batsmanship.\"I played against him on a few occasions and was impressed with the way he faced me and other spinners on turning tracks, especially at Madras. Whenever I flighted the ball, he would come dancing down the wicket. He was so sure of his judgment that he would always be in a position to drive the ball,\" Kumar says.Hosie was also very good in table tennis, hockey and billiards. In fact, he continues to play billiards even at the age of 81. His 52-year-old son Khushroo and 19-year-old grandson Marzban are playing in competitive billiards and snooker tournaments.It is sad that he didn't get a platform to convert his brilliance into runs for the nation. He clicked when it mattered. This itself was enough to show his temperament. Hosie's national dream was not to be. But never did anyone see him unhappy. He loved, and still loves, sports. At this very moment, you might find him busy on the billiards table of the Dadar Parsi Colony Gymkhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647875", "title": "Kejriwal promises Utopia to aam aadmi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The party does not have a name yet but activist Arvind Kejriwal promised Utopia to 1,000-strong crowd at Constitutional Club on Tuesday. Announcing their intention to contest polls, Kejriwal-led political party's vision document promises free healthcare, education for all, prices of essential commodities to be decided by the common man, no land acquisition without public consent, Jan Lokpal within 10 days of being elected and special policies to protect the interests of SC/ST/OBCs/dalits and minorities.Although the party's name will be announced on November 26 \u2014 the day symbolic of when the Constitution was adopted by free India\u2014 the group has virtually appropriated Congress's aam aadmi plank. Kejriwal and his colleagues wore \"main aam aadmi hoon\" caps: a tactic that is designed to showcase the claim to be a popular alternative to the corrupt political system, and also could help them argue that they are not into promotion of personalities.The last few events of the group had seen the activists sporting \"main Arvind hoon\" caps in a move that coincided with their distancing from veteran activist Anna Hazare.Kejriwal's colleague Manish Sisodia explained the delay in christening the party, saying there were some legal formalities that had to be fulfilled with the Election Commission .Kejriwal appeared to be anxious to address the concern expressed by Anna Hazare on Monday that the plunge into politics will rob the anti-graft activists of their innocence and honesty of purpose. He referred to political leaders like Lal Bahadur Shastri, Ram Manohar Lohia , Jyoti Basu, B R Ambedkar , arguing that these leaders had entered the electoral arena without compromising on their ideals.Pictures of Myanmarese leader Aung Sang Suu Kyi , Bhagat Singh , Subhash Chandra Bose and Jay Prakash Narayan were added to the backdrop picture of Mahatma Gandhi , a staple of the many hunger strikes in the last two years.Having argued that honest people would stay so even after they enter politics, Kejriwal went on to promptly issue a warning to the entire political class. He asserted that there was little to choose among Congress, BJP and regional parties on corruption and several other issues.\"Corrupt leaders, count your days...All the parties have cheated us. We will not now request, we will not plead. Now it is a full- throttle political battle,\" he said. He said there was a time when people who fought elections were considered patriots but now people contesting elections are seen as hungry for power.\"All parties are corrupt...Our party will change the system and not just the faces in Parliament,\" he said.A draft vision document envisaging devolution of power to people, fighting corruption, containing inflation, right to reject, right to recall, brining back black money, reforms in judiciary, police and electoral reforms and ensuring fair prices for farm products as objectives of the party was also released at the function.The group also released a protocol for candidates that included banning candidates from enjoys perks of power and pelf including official housing, vehicle with beacon lights, alcoholism, following corrupt practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16648930", "title": "Gang of 5 highway robbers nabbed with cash, guns", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik rural crime branch of the Nashik Rural Police have arrested a gang of five criminals, who had executed several highway robberies in and around the district. Cops seized 110 gram of gold jewellery, Rs 14,500 in cash, two country-made pistols and nine live cartriges in the operation.The accused were produced before a local court which has remanded them in police custody until October 5. The accused were identified as Gangaram alias Gangya Bhadarge (23) of Jalna, Sanjay alias Rohit alias Rohidas Mandal (24) of Dhar in Madhya Pradesh , Anna Talari (20), of Mumbai, Mohan Hammad (23), of Cidco in Thane district, and Santosh Gupta (31), a jeweller from Thane.Superintendent of police Pravin Padwal said that the gang operated on several highways including Mumbai-Agra, Nashik-Pune, Ghoti-Sinnar and Malegaon-Pune Roadand otherstate andnationalhighways. Since the past few months, there were many incidents of robberies on the highways in the district as well as in the state.The gang targeted families with women and children and robbed them at gun point when travelers stopped for rest breaks.Padwal informed that on September 15 at around 1.00 pm, a Karnataka based family of jeweller, which was proceeding towards Shani Shingnapur by an Indica car was robbed of cash and jewellery amounting to Rs 6.36 lakh near Pangari village on Sinnar-Shirdi Road. Subsequently a team was formed to patrol the area.On September 28, cops were tipped off about the about the gang, following which they recovered a country pistol and live cartridges from the three suspects in a car which the police tracked down due to its suspicious movement in the Sinnar area. Two more suspects were picked up from Manorama Nagar in Thane. on the information provided by the three.Padwal said the accused have confessed to committing robberies in Ghoti, Chandwad, Malegaon and Yeola. in have committed highway robberies at Ghoti, Chandwad, Malegaon tehsil, Yeola etc. Gangaram Bhadarge is the chief of the gang, while one more accused with them Santosh Gupta, also arrested used to purchase the gold from them. When Anna Talari was picked up from Thane, the police recovered, a revolver and two live cartridges from him.Further investigations are underway to check if the gang has given effect to other such crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651813", "title": "Tom Cruise obsessed with toy helicopter", "text": "Tom Cruise is reportedly obsessed with toy helicopter and spend all his free time playing with it when he is not shooting.The 'Mission Impossible' star is currently staying at the Grove hotel in Hertfordshire, England, where he is filming for ' All You Need Is Kill ,' but is using his time away from the set to play with a remote-controlled helicopter.\"Tom has been a great laugh and is really friendly to everyone. When he's not mingling with other guests he's been mucking about with a remote-controlled helicopter,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as telling the Sun Newspaper .\"One of his rooms overlooks the helipad. Him and his crew have been flying it around there,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16650236", "title": "Moderate earthquake hits northeast states", "text": "GUWAHATI: An earthquake of moderate intensity measuring 5.1 on the Richter Scale shook Assam and other parts of the north-eastern region in the small hours today, officials said.The epicentre of the tremor that occurred at 12.30 AM was at Rangapara in central Assam's Sonitpur district.The quake was also felt in neighbouring Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh.No casualty , injury or loss of property was reported so far, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648818", "title": "Attack does not indicate terror revival, says Gill", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The attack on Lt Gen K S Brar in London does not indicate that Punjab terrorists are regrouping, said former Punjab DGP K P S Gill. He was reacting to allegations by Gen Brar that the attack on him was a sign of revival of terrorism and that pro-Khalistan forces are re-grouping. \"Sikh terrorist activity was always prevalent in England, so the incident does not come as a surprise,\" Gill told TOI on Tuesday.\"Where the Indian government has failed is that it has always tried to make its policy Pakistan centric, rather than impressing upon countries that terrorism was a threat to civilization. Recently, India had a pact with Canada, whereby Canada had pledged that it would strictly curb anti-India activity on its soil. Similar pacts are required with other countries,\" he said. According to Gill, the upcoming Operation Bluestar memorial in the Golden Temple Complex would not lead to terrorists regrouping, he added.Meanwhile, Amritsar Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) refused to comment on the incident. However, senior advocate and human rights activist H S Phulka appealed to the Sikh community to condemn the incident.\"I strongly condemn the attack on Brar. We are against terrorism of any kind,\" he said on Tuesday.While SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar maintained that SGPC had not given any statement on the stabbing incident of Brar, who had led Operation Bluestar in 1984, SGPC member Kiranjot Kaur had on Monday stated that it was unexpected and surprising. She had also suggested that government take measures to give justice to the victims of 1984.In Moga, Lt Gen 'Bulbul' Brar's native village, Patto Hira Singh, in Moga district was named after his grandfather -- Capt Hira Singh. Many members of the officer's family, including those of the clan, have served in the Army, including his father and grandfather. His father Digambar Singh Brar, a Maj Gen, had served in World War II. Brar too joined Army and was at the helm during Operation Bluestar. Capt Hira Singh was a father figure in the village,\" claimed a close relative, Narvinder Singh. Brar's first cousin Praful Ranjan Singh Brar, who retired as IG at Goa, said \"Kuldeep is a brave soldier and performed duty with courage. The family had left the village long back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648741", "title": "Tough makeover drive for BlackBerry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Struggling business phone maker BlackBerry is betting big on Indian youth as the company works hard to shrug off its 'corporate only' image to gain a bigger share of new buyers. However, market analysts doubt the company's plans and feel that BlackBerry may not be able to cut much ice in India, considering that the real play comes at lower price points where the company is yet to venture into. Absence of an apps-heavy operating platform like Android is another factor that can take the sting out of Blackberry's charge.But Sunil Dutt , India MD of BlackBerry-maker Research In Motion (RIM), doesn't share the pessimism. The company has a lot of action pending for India, especially as it digs deeper into the market while offering flagship products like Curve 8520 at reduced prices, he tells TOI. \"There are clear priority areas for BlackBerry in India and these include getting relevant products to market, investing in the brand, and building a strong channel to increase the reach of our products,\" Dutt says. The company recently unleashed a massive campaign running with a tagline 'action starts here', featuring its unique red icon or 'Splat' as a symbol of action. The Splat signifies a call for those who seek action and find new opportunities, Dutt says. This is one of the many efforts that Blackberry is making to enlarge its customer base beyond the traditional corporate or enterprise buyers. \"We were a more enterprise-focused company earlier. But I believe that the transition is on the right track now.\"However, tough times globally and pressure on revenues and margins may leave little room for the company to play with. The loss of market to Apple's iPhone and Google's Android in the key north American market has seen RIM's share of global smartphone market, which it once dominated, go down to 4.8% from 12% a year earlier, according to research firm IDC. Dutt, however, says that against the Western markets, BlackBerry still enjoys high brand equity in India. \"The numbers may be flattening in some markets, but India continues to remain strong for us. Moreover, we will focus on youth by positioning the brand as more youthful,\" he says, giving examples of how BlackBerry's popular messenger service (BBM) comes at special lower tariffs.But market watchers are not too excited. Anshul Gupta, principal research analyst at Gartner's mobile devices team, feels that BlackBerry's efforts are still not in tune with market realities. \"I do not see a huge growth prospect for BlackBerry in India. Their sales have been stagnant here and share has also declined,\" Gupta says, though refusing to share exact data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "16648082", "title": "Konganapole a drinking water project: Govt", "text": "MADIKERI: The proposed Konganapole reservoir project in Halligattu village near Ponnampet is causing tension in the surrounding villages. The Codava National Council (CNC) headed by its president N U Nachappa has been holding protests against this project. Meanwhile the state water resources development association president has written a detailed letter to Nachappa requesting him to stop the agitation. The chief engineer of the project has argued that the proposed project is not related to irrigation and that it is a purely drinking water scheme to provide water to Bangalore. The project is still in its infancy and authorities are doing the survey for the project.The engineer explained that in Halligattu village a small barrage will be constructed and that during rainy season alone, the Konganapole water will be deviated towards Lakshmanathirtha river. The barrage will maintain a steady level and water would not be diverted for agricultural purpose nor will the project create any environmental imbalance, the statement assured.The national water policy, state water policy, 12th five year plan policy, 8th national water mission have secured drinking water projects in the country and also chalked out policies of equitable share and distribution of water. The Konganapole project is a step in that direction and a survey will be conducted before the project begins, the letter has clarified.However, Nachappa is in no mood to listen. CNC will not accept these clarifications, he told TOI. On earlier occasions too, ahead of the Harangi, Hemavathi and Chiklihole projects, senior government officers kept giving clarifications that farmers' land would not be damaged but the promises were forgotten, he said.The affected farmers were forgotten by the administration and many are yet to get proper compensation, said Nachappa, adding that the Konganapole implementation programme began in 2010 and when the locals agitated, the government said no such proposal was in the offing. The project will adversely impact Kodava residents and CNC will continue its stir till the project work is stopped, said Nachappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652502", "title": "MIFTA to kickstart in Singapore", "text": "Marathi International Film and Theatre Awards (MIFTA) which not only depict our Maharashtrian cum Indian culture abroad but also felicitate Marathi plays and Marathi movies on a grand scale, will now be held in Singapore.The awards will be held from 4th to 7th October, 2012 in Kalang Hall, Singapore. The films have been nominated for the awards. Deool, Kaksparsh and Shala are nominated in the best film category; Alibaba Aani Chalis Chor , Tom and Jerry and Lagnabambal are nominated in the best Marathi play category. Bollywood actor Riteish Deshmukh's produced &amp; Ravi Jadhav directed film Balak - Palak will also be premiered in the awards.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16650676", "title": "Chennai: Building collapses, four persons trapped in debris", "text": "CHENNAI: Four persons are believed to have been trapped inside the debris of a building, which collapsed in a residential area here on Wednesday.The incident happened on Wednesday morning at the busy Triplicane area and rescue teams have been pressed into service, police and fire officials said.Four persons are believed to have been trapped inside the building and efforts were on to rescue them, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16648152", "title": "Stage set for Oachira car fest", "text": "KOLLAM: Stage has been set for 'kalakettu mahotsavam', one of the largest car festivals in Asia, at Oachira Parabrahma temple on Wednesday. The festival is organized in a unique way, where huge cars with equally huge effigies of bullocks would be pulled by the devotees in a colourful procession around the temple compound.Each of the cars brought to the temple during the festival day showcases the pride of the people living in that kara (province). Fifty six of such cars representing each kara, of different sizes, will be paraded on the temple premises.One of the largest bullock cars to participate in the festival is readying here at Changankulangara. For the past five years, this bullock car made by the Parabrahma Kala Kettu Samithy has come first in the procession. According to the temple authorities, this is one of the largest cars in Asia and the largest to participate in the festival.According to C Asok kumar, secretary of the samithy, this bullock car has been made at a cost of Rs 25 lakh. Each car brought to the temple compound will pay homage to the temple deity in their traditional ways, which also marks the end of the 'kalakettu mahotsavam' and the beginning of the temple festivals in Onnattukara, the regions surrounding Kayamkulam and Karunagappally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648357", "title": "Youths lead drive against disease", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Slogans like 'Safai lao dengue hatao' rent the air in Sector 8 as a young brigade of nearly 25 students celebrated October 2 in a unique way.The usual peace rallies weren't taken out. In a departure from norm, the youths set out to stamp out dengue from their residential area in Sector 8 by spreading awareness about the scourge. The youngsters not only went door-to-door sharing the preventive measures but also chipped in to clean coolers and potential breeding grounds of mosquitoes. It was an eye-opener for the local youths when a Sector 8 resident succumbed to dengue a few days ago. They took it up as a challenge to teach their neighbours how the disease can hit anybody unawares and the ways to nip it in the bud.Dengue is spreading its tentacles in the city. Every third day, a fresh case of dengue is surfacing and fatalities are increasing. We thought of spreading awareness about it and there could be no better day than this to go ahead with the plan, said Anshuman Mohit Chaturvedi, one of the members of the group. The brigade visited every house, giving tips to people on how to prevent dengue and mosquito breeding by keeping coolers clean, dustbins covered, being hygiene-savvy and so on. We helped them identify the areas inside the house where mosquitoes could breed like behind the curtains etc, said Himani Singla, another member of the group.We ensured that residential area is kept neat and clean and the peoples response was overwhelming. With residents help, we cleaned their coolers and covered their dustbins. And because there had been a dengue death in our own sector, the people were very responsive and cautious on avoiding mosquito breeding, said another young member.During the campaign, they shouted slogans. Most of the students belonged to a school run by non-profit organization Yuva Dharti and Rotaract club of soaring monks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16649395", "title": "Yeddyurappa sends emissaries to meet Arun Jaitley", "text": "BANGALORE: A sulking former CM BS Yeddyurappa who declined to meet BJP central leaders Arun Jaitley and Dharmendra Pradhan, sent his emissaries - ministers Shobha Karandlaje and Basavaraj Bommai and MLC Lehar Singh - to meet them on Tuesday.Though Yeddyurappa said three was no need for him to meet the central leaders in Bangalore, Lehar Singh told TOI: \"Yeddyurappa could not meet the leaders because he had to attend a pre-arranged function in his home town Shikaripur. He has said that if the party leaders wanted to meet him, he would go to New Delhi.''Singh met Jaitley and Pradhan for over two hours in the morning while Shobha held separate discussions with them in the afternoon at a hotel where the central leaders were staying.These meetings with the party leaders assume significance as Yeddyurappa has threatened to quit BJP if his demand for state party chief's post is not met. This apart, the Lingayat strongman has embarrassed the party time and again by attacking the leaders and praising Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.While state BJP president and deputy CM KS Eshwarappa and deputy chief minister R Ashoka met the two leaders on Monday night, chief minister Jagadish Shettar met them on Tuesday. Party sources said Eshwarappa apprised Jaitley and Pradhan about Yeddyurappa's repeated outbursts against the party. Other ministers and party workers, who met the troubleshooters, have urged them to resolve the Yeddyurappa issue early.Jaitley declined to talk to reporters at the party office after he elicited the opinion of BJP leaders on the Yeddyurappa issue. \"BJP is likely to ask Yeddyurappa to come to Delhi for talks shortly ,\" a party source said. Sections of BJP sought to downplay Jaitley's visit, saying he came to see the final match of the Hockey India League Championship as guest of honour. Jaitley is a board member of the League.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16653237", "title": "Samantha has no dates for Pawan Kalyan", "text": "Not many actresses would let go of an opportunity to star opposite actor Pawan Kalyan, but looks like actress Samantha might just be too pre occupied with upcoming projects in Tamil and Telugu that she has no dates to give until next year.The petite actress rubbished reports that claimed she has signed up to play the lead opposite Pawan in his next flick to be directed by maverick director Trivikram Srinivas. \"I have not signed any new films. I will not take up a new project until I'm done with the projects on hand,\" she says.Apparently the filmmakers are keen on casting Samantha in the movie and have approached her. But the actress is super busy at the moment, juggling between four films currently under various staged of production. The actress was out of action for a couple of months due to an illness and is keen on completing all the films on hand before taking up new projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647251", "title": "Cash van driver\u2019s wife held, cops seize Rs 47 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wife of cash van driver Ompal Singh, who fled with Rs 51 lakh after drugging his colleagues last Friday, has been arrested. Geeta Singh (30) was arrested from east Delhi and a search of her house yielded around Rs 47 lakh, police said, adding she had become involved in crime after marriage. Ompal has turned out to be a history sheeter of the Kanjhawala area in outer Delhi.Police said the September 28 heist in Mahendra Park, northwest Delhi, was the culmination of a year's planning, starting with the time when Ompal got a driver's job with the cash replenishment company. He had several aliases, changed several houses, mobile numbers and other antecedents before committing the crime. He allegedly left the cash with his wife, who deposited it in a leading finance firm before trying to flee the city.P Karunakaran , DCP northwest, said a team of special staff from northwest Delhi solved the case. \"Ompal Singh had provided two addresses to his employer \u2014 one of Najafgarh and the other of Nandnagri. Our teams found that the suspect had left his Najafgarh house around two months ago and the other address around September 24, four days before the heist,\" he said. \"The team received a tip-off that Ompal's wife had an account with a gold loan and finance firm, and would visit it on October 1. A trap was laid and Geeta was arrested,\" Karunakaran added.Geeta reportedly told police her husband was earlier involved in various cases of robbery, theft and snatching in Delhi and the NCR. They changed addresses frequently to avoid arrest. When Ompal told her about his latest plan, they moved to Narela.On September 28, Ompal and three others had left their office with Rs 81 lakh to load various ATM machines. Ompal offered sweets laced with sedatives to the others, and by the time the cash van reached Kirori Mal College, they all fell unconscious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648330", "title": "SI suspended for lenient investigation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after SHO of Sector-36 police station Bhupinder Singh was reprimanded for lenient investigation in Komal Kohli case, onus was shifted to investigation officer SI Jagdish Chander who was suspended on Tuesday. Police have also given a notice and slapped a fine of Rs 50,000 against bail surety providers of three accused.Taking advantage of lenient investigation of Chandigarh Police, prime accused Lakhbir Singh had secured anticipatory bail from the district courts in Sector 17 on Saturday.A senior police official said SI Jagdish Chander failed to strongly oppose the bail application of prime accused Lakhbir Singh in the court and as a result he was granted anticipatory bail. Two other accused, Khushwinder and Karandeep Singh, are still absconding.Three accused had attacked a college-going student Komal Kohli and made an attempt to kidnap her at a bus stop in Sector 42 on September 19. The accused trio were arrested on the same day but released on bail within four hours of their arrest. This triggered a protest by the family of the victim.Police sources said, Fathers of two accused, Lakhbir and Kushwinder, were known to some senior police officials. Since the beginning, local police had adopted a soft attitude towards the culprits and slapped lenient charges against them on September 19. The charges of attempt to kidnapping were added later in the FIR after recording fresh statement of the victim.Meanwhile, two youths including Anuj and Ram Parkash were arrested for sexually harassing girls in Sector 45 on Monday. Later, accused were released on regular bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648402", "title": "Show of support backfires on UPA", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was meant to be evidence of farmer organizations supporting UPA's move to allow global firms in the retail trade.But the bid to counter Opposition claims that farmers will be hurt by the entry of FDI in multi-brand retail went awry with the memorandum of \"support\" from the Bharti Kisan Union (BKU) listing a damning indictment of the Congress-NCP government in Maharashtra for farm suicide deaths.The submission, circulated by the Congress machinery itself, begins by praising the government's \"strong decision\" to allowing FDI in retail but ends with a reference to a note left behind by a farmer who committed suicide.\"We would like to mention here that a few months ago 45-year-old Gajanand Ghotekar left behind a suicide note...He said 'Don't vote for the Congress and NCP, they don't care for farmers,\" the memorandum says.The BKU further noted that Ghotekar had killed himself as he could not repay a petty loan of a few lakh of rupees. He had bought a tractor the cost of which he could not repay due to the low price for agricultural produce.\"...he urged people not to vote for the ruling Congress-NCP alliance next time as they did not care for farmers. Same is the sentiment of farmers in Haryana and Punjab,\" Bharti Kisan Union said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16648860", "title": "Rohtak girl raped, accused held", "text": "ROHTAK: The spate of rapes continues in Haryana. A minor girl was raped by a youth after she was lured by three women relatives of the victim in Kachchi Garhi Mohalla colony of Rohtak on Monday.After the victim and her mother complained to the police on Tuesday, three persons, including the rapist identified as Binder and two other women -- Geeta, the aunt and Monu, the paternal aunt of the victim, were arrested.The girl, aged 15, is a school dropout and lives with her parents in the locality. The victim as well as all the accused belong to scheduled caste community.The girl's mother Sunita Kumari lodged the complaint with the police after which the victim was taken to the civil hospital for medical examination, which was on at the time of filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647701", "title": "Parallel routes can derail metro, BRTS efficacy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you were to superimpose the recently declared map of Rs 15,000-crore 76-km Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar metro rail route over the Rs 1,350-crore BRTS network map, you'll notice that the buses plying in reserved corridor will constantly be competing for passengers with the trains. Up to during 65% of BRTS network will be overshadowed by the metro. The routes either run parallel, too close to each other, or even overlap at times.The Danilimda-Narol; Sarangpur-Dariapur-Civil Hospital-Memco Sports Complex; and Ranip-Vadaj-Dariapur stretches are some examples. With GIFT city officials also proposing a BRTS stop on their site, it seems that the routes of BRTS and metro rail will overlap for almost 25 km from Ranip-AEC Circle-Visat to the high-tech city in Gandhinagar.\"This has raised questions over the prudence of using thousands of crores of taxpayer's money on transport networks that will compete for revenue and passengers. Transportation networks should be complementary. Just as AMTS buses act like feeders to the BRTS. The BRTS should be feeder system of metro. The government has to take a stand on it,\" says a senior urban development department official.Sources add that there are plans to take the metro to the state's auto hub Sanand from Gandhinagar, along SG Road.\"The Sanand plan is very much on the cards. It may be taken up after the elections are over,\" the official addds.The urban development department is now mulling some corrective steps. The present plan would indirectly burden the taxpayers in terms of ticket costs and imposition of taxes if one of the transport systems does not generate enough revenues to bear operational costs.\"It would have been preferable to have straight metro corridors running across the city and BRTS taking passengers to the metro. The recent metro plan will only send real estate prices into an upward spiral in the eastern part of the city. Metro-Link Express for Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad (MEGA) may even think of selling land in this corridor to finance the construction of the project,\" he says.\"Most of the metro network in Ahmeabad will be elevated while BRTS runs on roads. When the BRTS corridor was planned, the metro route was not ready. Hence there are few possibilities of an inter-nodal stations, where people can get off the metro rail and board a BRT on the same platform. In this case, overlapping of corridors will be a waste of public money,\" the official adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16648693", "title": "SC commission gives Punjab Vigilance Bureau one month to probe rural devp fund scheme", "text": "AMRITSAR: The National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) has given one-month ultimatum to Punjab Vigilance Bureau to complete investigations into the rural development fund scam and submit its report, or else the commission has warned to recommend a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation .While talking to media persons, vice-chairman of the commission Raj Kumar Verka blamed the state vigilance bureau for deliberately slowing the investigation process. \"The VB investigation is mere eyewash. If it was sincere, it should have widened the scope in its probe to the whole state,\" he said.Meanwhile, general secretary of Communist Party of India, Amritsar (rural) Balwinder Singh Dhudhala informed that they had conducted an independent inquiry into the scam and found that 40 and 85 cheques of Rs 15,000 each were given to Gurwali and Fatehabad villages respectively under the Shagun Scheme. \"None of the 40 beneficiaries of Gurwali were resident of the village and there were similar discrepancies in the antecedents of 85 beneficiaries of Fatahpur village,\" he said.He also produced a copy of the letter signed by Gurwali panchayat stating that none of the 40 beneficiaries belonged to the village. Dhudhala said during investigations they were surprised to know that marriages of 200 girls from Fatehpur village were shown in one month's time.Verka said members of the commission were also individually touring villages to probe the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16660257", "title": "This Navratri, Barodians will swing to garba tunes praising Sayajirao", "text": "VADODARA: This Navratri, Barodians will swing to the tunes of a garba that will praise Sayajirao Gaekwad III, maharaja of erstwhile state of Baroda. While several books have been written on Sayajirao's life and times, it is for the first time that a garba is being penned to pay tribute to the king. A city-based garba singer and composer, Falguni Bhesania has decided to pen the garba that will talk about Sayajirao.The garba will be sung at Mehsananagar Garba ground that is a popular garba venue among youngsters. \"The city is celebrating 150th birth anniversary of Sayajirao who played a huge role in developing Baroda as a modern city. We wanted to pay tribute to Baroda's tallest king and hence we thought of penning a garba for him,\" said R B Bhesania, organizer of the garba venue.\"The garba would not only praise Sayajirao but also talk about his development works and visionary decisions taken by him during his tenure. He built several beautiful palaces and utility buildings for citizens apart from making girls education compulsory and free. We will always be indebted to him,\" Bhesania added.\"We are in process of writing lyrics and composing the garba. It will be a surprise to the garba revelers,\" he said. The organizers are also in process of writing a garba for children that would talk about the toy train started during Sayajirao's regime.The kids' garba would be more like the 'gaadi' that is played at the end of garbas and it would start with 'Sayajirao ni Gaadi aavi re'. \"The theme of our garba venue will be based on Sayajirao and his legacy. The king himself was a great admirer of arts and culture, and hence it's the best way to pay tribute to him,\" Bhesania said. The organizers are also planning to invite the royal family at their venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647821", "title": "BJP questions Congress chief\u2019s travel expenses, starts \u2018personal\u2019 attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gujarat election again appeared to be shaping into a Sonia Gandhi vs. Narendra Modi battle, with BJP repeating that Congress chief's expenses on travel and treatment be made public. Sonia is to launch Congress's poll campaign in Rajkot on Wednesday.Rebuffing Congress's indignation over Modi's claim that UPA spent Rs 1,800 crore on Sonia's travel, BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said, \"We condemn the Congress's approach in diverting and adding issues which have not been raised by Gujarat CM. He has very clearly quoted media sources and raised a question. If you are genuinely interested in answering the question, you would say what was the amount spent.\"Referring to Sonia Gandhi's treatment, for which she went abroad, Sitharaman said, \"We also give good wishes for her health but if expenses were paid from public treasury, please clarify.\"The retaliatory fire reflected aggression in the saffron camp after the RTI applicant\u2014reportedly at the heart of Modi's information\u2014contradicted the sum quoted and Congress took a cue to rubbish the CM. The protests from Congress quarters also questioned the propriety of BJP picking on rival leader's health to make a political point.BJP's decision to stick to its guns has set the stage for a bitter battle in Gujarat where Modi is looking to trump Congress for third successive election. The Hindutva strongman's targeting of Congress chief coincides with her plan to visit Gujarat on Wednesday, and is seen as calculated gambit after it was widely analysed that Modi vs. Sonia tone in 2007 helped him sweep the state.Modi's rhetorical has trained the focus on how Sonia would shape the party debate to woo the electorate. The past BJP victories created an impression that constructing the poll campaign around Modi or anti-Muslim riots helped Hindu voters gravitate towards the incumbent.In this backdrop, Modi's bid to engage Sonia is seen as a strategy to invite personalized retaliation like the \"maut ka saudagar\" remark as also to position himself for prime ministerial stakes for 2014 polls.Eager to find the right antidote to Modi, Congress decided to eschew temptation to attack him on the riots case or his attacks on PM. The idea was to not let Modi engage the Centre and force him to talk to the local unit that is his main challenger. But suspense remains on Congress response now that the CM has again targeted the party chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16649134", "title": "10 injured in lathicharge during immersion in Warora", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Tension gripped Warora town after police lathicharged the devotees during idol immersion procession after a scuffle with Ganesh mandal activists on Monday night. In all 10 people, including two police commandos, were injured. Eight devotees have been arrested for creating tension.Ganesh Mandals stalled idol immersion after police brutality in the night. As a result cops themselves carried out visarjan rituals and hurriedly immersed as many as 25 idols after midnight. The atmosphere in the town was so tense that IGP, Nagpur range, Rajender Singh and SP Rajiv Jain themselves rushed to Warora during early hours to handle the situation.Tuesday witnessed heavy protests in the town against the police action. Thousands of citizens marched up to local police station in Warora and demanded suspension of police officers responsible for brutal cane charge. Total bandh was observed in the town to flay the police brutality.Situation turned tense while Ganesh mandals were lined up for immersion in Gandhi lake and thousands of citizens crowded the streets to watch the procession in the evening. Activists of a Ganesh Mandal reportedly picked up quarrel with cops when later restrained the mandal activists from sprinkling gulal indiscriminately and beating of drums heavily.As the activists remained adamant, riot control commandos cane charged some mandal activists to keep the procession moving. Enraged with the thrashing, the activists refused to immerse their idol and stalled the procession. With passing time, cops turned desperate to keep the procession moving.At 9pm, cops again resorted to cane charge to quell the mob stalling the procession. In retaliation mob resorted to stone pelting. Devotees including Sachin Chute, Munna Ekare, Milind Deogade, advocate Ramcharan Tajane, Rajesh Haste and six-year-old Karan Kukreja sustained seriously injuries in the cane charge and were rushed to rural hospital. Two cops reportedly sustained injury in retaliatory stone pelting.Cops came down so heavily on the mob that all the devotees fled to their homes leaving over two dozen Ganesh idols on the street. Women and children were among the baffled mob that fled on the streets. Thankfully to stamped casualty took place. Additional forces were rushed to Warora in the night after the incident. Cops themselves immersed 25 large Ganesh idols in hurry after midnight hours.Thousands of citizens however on Tuesday stepped out on the streets to protest the police action. People gathered at Gandhi chowk and marched towards the police station. MP Hansraj Ahir joined the protesters at police station, who submitted memorandum demanding suspension of SDPO Prashant Holkar, PSO Ashok Koli and other officers responsible for police brutality.Protestors charged the cops of desecrated the Ganesh idols during hurried immersion and demanded registration of criminal offences against them. They also demanded for withdrawal of charges against mandal activist and probe into the incident under supervision of retired judge.IGP Singh condemned the incident and assured of fair and impartial probe from outstation officer. He claimed of accessing the video footage and take action against the culprits. MP Ahir demanded for release of eight arrested devotees and withdrawal of charges against them. Similar tension and police action was witnessed during Ganesh idol immersion procession last year in Warora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "16648687", "title": "Zardari's sister on pilgrimage to Punjab", "text": "ATTARI: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari's sister Faryal Talpur came to India on a pilgrimage on Tuesday. She is on a three-day tour and will visit Rauza Sharif, dargah of Shaykh Ahmad Faruqi Sirhindi, in Punjab's Sirhand, about 200 km from Amritsar.Faryal, a member of the National Assembly, was accompanied by Pakistan high commission officials. Speaking on bilateral dialogue between India and Pakistan, she said anytime was good for resolving contentious issues between the two countries.\"I hope they will be resolved soon. People of Pakistan want a mutual understanding, love and friendship with India,\" she said.Faryal, on a personal visit, said she belonged to Sindh but was representing Pakistan. For cordial relations between two countries, exchange of political delegations is not enough. Groups promoting cultural and traditional ties from both countries should visit the other more often, she said.\"We love India and the people of India. There is no difference between the people of the two countries. We are the same,\" said Faryal.She avoided questions on the rumoured relationship between foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar and Zardari's son Bilawal Bhutto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648569", "title": "\u2018We suspected something fishy\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Inspired by TV serials and Bollywood films, a 16-year-old boy Sanjay Kumar of Dehradun , concocted a fake story of his own kidnapping. CIA-2 in charge Gurbans Singh Bains said, \"We suspected something fishy in Sanjay's narration and behaviour. During questioning Sanjay told us that he lives in Prem Nagar area of Dehradun. When his family was contacted they revealed that Sanjay has been missing since Monday evening. They further informed that he left a note for the family saying he was leaving home.\"Police said Sanjay confessed to concocting a fake story of kidnapping and run away from home as he did not want to pursue studies, for which he was under pressure from his family. The teen had conveyed to the family in the note that he wanted to become a guitarist and would return only after achieving his goal. A missing persons' complaint was lodged in Prem Nagar police station in Dehradun, by his family members. Sanjay Kumar, 16, is a medical student of Class XI of KV School in Dehradun. His father Varinder is an ex-serviceman and accountant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16646644", "title": "After medicines, Rajasthan govt toys with idea of free tests", "text": "JAIPUR: After a year of free medicines for patients, the government is now toying with the idea of conducting free tests for all in hospitals. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot spoke of the issue during a function to mark one year of the free medicine scheme.\"We want to provide free medical tests in all government hospitals and are looking into the possibilities for executing this scheme,\" said Gehlot while delivering his keynote address on the national conference on 'Universal Access to Essential Medicines in India' held in Jaipur on Tuesday.The state had introduced the chief minister's free medicine scheme on Gandhi Jayanti last year. To mark a year of the scheme, state health minister A A Khan on Tuesday announced that the number of free medicines will now be increased from 400 to 600.\"It means that 90% of the diseases are now covered under free medicines and patient admitted in our hospitals don't have to spend even negligible amounts on medicines,\" said Khan.However, on the possibility of free tests, Gehlot did not specify the kind of tests under the new proposal. However, sources in the department revealed that various pathological tests under consideration. But the government will first find out the costs that it will have to incur and will implement the scheme only after having done a pilot survey.Gehlot said that a 52% rise in outdoor patients authenticates the success of the scheme. \"Seven crore people turned up in government hospitals for treatment since the launch of this scheme,\" added the chief minister.He also launched the much awaited Janani ambulance service for rural people by signalling 400 ambulances at the Jaipuria hospital campus. The beneficiaries of this service will be pregnant women and upto 30-day-old children who will be ferried free of cost from rural areas.A helpline service was also launched to create awareness on generic medicines. People can enquire about the medicines covered under the free medicine scheme.To maintain transparency in the system, the state has computerized 1,200 free medicines distribution centers. The CM also unveiled standard treatment guideline for state's 9,000 doctors to guide them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16652372", "title": "Coalgate: PMO declines to share info citing CBI probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has declined to part with information related to coal blocks allocation citing ongoing CBI probe in the matter.\"Keeping in view the ongoing CBI investigation in the matter, disclosure of information may be withheld for the present, in terms of Section 8 (1)(h) of the RTI Act,\" the PMO said in reply to an RTI query.The section bars disclosure of information which would impede the process of investigation or prosecution of offenders.Exercising his Right to Information, advocate Vivek Garg has sought information on minutes of all meetings between Union coal minister and Prime Minister, copies of decisions, approvals, orders and letters or correspondences between the coal ministry and PMO related to coal blocks allocation.Garg has also filed an RTI application seeking details on the coal blocks allocation to ministry of coal, information on which was denied by it saying the information sought was not available in the \"compiled form\".The coal ministry said information regarding details of coal blocks allocated and various acts and guidelines are already available in public domain.\"Further, most of the files or records relating to allocation of coal or lignite blocks are in the custody of CBI, New Delhi. The information sought is not available in the compiled form and it would divert the resources of the public authority very disproportionately to provide the information,\" the ministry said in its reply.The CBI is probing alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks. It has so far filed seven FIRs against private companies and unknown public officials for alleged misrepresentation of facts and registered three preliminary inquiries.The CVC had in May referred the case of alleged irregularities in the utilisation of coal blocks allocated to private companies between 2006 and 2009 to CBI for further probe.The case was recommended after receiving complaints from BJP leaders Prakash Javadekar and Hansraj Ahir, who alleged that first-come-first-serve basis was adopted by the government to benefit some private companies.The CBI is also looking into alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal mines post-1993 during the NDA regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652674", "title": "The future of electro is a mix with pop rock: Tristan", "text": "He's touted as one of the most talented DJ/producers of the new French generation to follow in the footsteps of Daft Punk, Cassius and Cerrone. And Tristan Garner, who performed in Bangalore recently, says that he's set to redefine the future of electronic music. Excerpts from an interview...Was this your first time playing in India? No, this was my fourth time in India. I've been to Bangalore twice already. I love Bangalore because the people are crazy! They shout, they jump, they party \u2014 and that's what I like. I also like to try out the food here. I've been to some restaurants already and I love the food.What are your impressions of Indian music? I watch Bollywood music on TV. The dance, the costumes, the makeup \u2014 everything is so professional. I like it. It's new for me.Have you used Indian influences in your music? No, no, but maybe in the future. Why not?You have mixed tracks for Armin Van Buuren, Erick Morillo, Avicii, Tiesto, Swedish House Mafia and Roger Sanchez. Is there anyone else you would like to work with? I would like to work more with pop bands like Coldplay and U2 . Right now, it's all about R&B; and electro. But I see the future to be a mix between pop rock and electro, so I see myself working with more pop rock groups.You've travelled the world in the course of your work. Which is your favourite country to visit and why? Out of my top two places, my first is Paris during an annual event called Techno Parade. There are one million people in the streets and it's crazy. The second one is Ibiza.What do you like to do when you're not working? I don't have a lot of free time. For me, this (being a DJ and producer) is not a job, it's a passion. So even in my free time, I'm making music. I like shopping and fashion. Those are the only non-music things I like, but I'm doing music and touring 99% of the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16648506", "title": "Civilian among 3 killed in Manipur encounters", "text": "IMPHAL: At least three persons, including a civilian and two rebels, were killed in different encounters in the state since Monday evening.Tension gripped Zeliangrong-dominated Tamenglong town after cadres of rival Naga armed groups suspected to be NSCN(IM) and NSCN(K) engaged in a fierce encounter near a government school on Tuesday afternoon killing a civilian.In the midst of the gunfight, the victim, J Gangmei (48), was trying to bring his two small children, who were playing at the ground model village school, to his residence when he was hit by a stray bullet, which killed him instantly, around 2.30pm, sources said. Gangmei was a carpenter by profession.Soon after the encounter ended, a large number of irate villagers came out on the streets and protested against the incident, a police said.On early Tuesday morning, Manipur police commandos shot dead a suspected militant in an exchange of fire at Lamdeng village in Imphal west district. The cops found a 9mm pistol with five bullets and three hand grenades, two of them with the safety pins pulled out, on the slain cadre, whose identity is yet to be ascertained, police said.Bomb experts safely retrieved the pin-less grenades and detonated them at a nearby safer place, a police official said. Police commandos also killed a rebel in another encounter near the Government Blind School at Takyel area here on Monday evening. A police commando team was attacked by suspected militants by firing and lobbing a hand grenade and the cops retaliated by killing the cadre, police sources said, adding that two of the cadres managed to escape from the scene. From the slain militant, the commandos recovered a 9mm pistol and the unexploded hand grenade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16649344", "title": "Narendra Modi didn't divulge his own 2007 travelling expenses", "text": "VADODARA: A day after Hisar-based RTI activist punctured Narendra Modi's claims on Rs 1,880 crore public money spent on Sonia Gandhi's foreign tours, there is more embarrassment in store for the chief minister.A social activist from the city on Friday claimed that Modi's office has failed to share information on his travelling expenses for women sammelans even though its five years now that she sought the details through right to information (RTI) application.Trupti Shah had filed an RTI application on July 18, 2007 to know about expenses incurred by Modi during the 27 women empowerment sammelans organized in that period. Shah had demanded details about expenses incurred on food-packets for women, traveling expenses of Modi and other ministers, publicity expenses and government officials involved in the sammelans.\"My application to chief minister officer (CMO) was forwarded to general administration department (GAD) that gave me the list of 27 districts where the events were organized. I was also given information about food-packets and other expenses. But the travelling expenses were not provided,\" Shah told TOI.\"I wrote to GAD to provide me travelling expenses. But, I got the reply that as per the information provided by the CMO, chief minister does not mention the travelling expenses separately. They further said that as far as travelling expense of the chief minister is concerned, consider that as nil. This is ridiculous as Modi had travelled in helicopter to most of the sammelan venues,\" Shah said.\"I was practically denied the information by forwarding the letters from one department to another. If Modi wants Sonia Gandhi to share her travelling expenses, then why doesn't his government share similar details sought by me?\" questioned Shah.Shah said that if Modi has travelled to so many places, his expenses must have been borne by some government department or private parties. When she didn't get replies despite several reminders, she filed complaint before the chief information commissioner (CIC) under 18 (1) of RTI Act in 2008.\"In the last hearing on September 26, the CIC directed GAD to collect information sought by me and pass it on to me before next hearing,\" Shah said.Shah had sought the information as the state government had denied to implement machinery for the Domestic Violence Act, 2005 and PCPNDT Act 1994 citing lack of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647729", "title": "Three sisters held for stealing in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Dressed provocatively, they would enter a crowded MTC bus and select their prey. While one attracted the attention of the target, mostly a man, the others lifted his wallet.On Monday, luck ran out for the three sisters.V Alamelu (26), V Durga (24) and V Divya (22) of Tiruttani, 80km from Chennai, were arrested in Ayanavaram on Monday. They were 'married' to a man named Veeraiah and had come to city to make a quick buck, police said.Most of the time, the three were engaged by contactors for black-topping and patch-work on roads in different places in and around Chennai. On other occasions, when they was no job, they took to picking pockets of unsuspecting bus passengers, police said. They dressed neatly to avoid suspicion. They were habitual offenders who were involved in several cases in city.A police team in plain clothes on a bus on route 120 grew suspicious about the three who were seen passing signals to each other. Alamelu, was caught red-handed while trying to take 650 from a bag belonging to S Kanagavalli, a passenger.Seeing this, the other two tried to slip away but were caught by passengers and handed over to police. The sum of 650 was seized.Police said Alamelu first got married to Veeraiah, her maternal uncle. \"When she did not have a child, he decided to marry her sister Durga. The couple had a child but it died and he married the youngest sister Divya who bore him a child,\" said an investigating officer.Veeraiah was aware of what the three were doing but did not join them. \"But the three women handed over the daily collection to their husband,\" said inspector Kanagaraj Joseph.While one attracted the attention of their target, the other two would relieve him/her of wallet or bag, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647648", "title": "Proposed bus shelters stuck in red tape", "text": "CHENNAI: Commuters at the Chamiers Road bus stop opposite Park Sheraton hotel will have to stand under pouring rain this monsoon. The bus stop, which has not had a shelter for more than two years, is unlikely to get one soon.The 1,024 shelters at various stops, including the one on Chamiers Road, promised by the city corporation are stuck in litigation and the civic body is struggling to attract advertisers to build and maintain the shelters. When the tenders separated into six packages were floated, only four packages to set up 490 shelters were taken up \u2014 by Mumbai-based Lakshya Media and Prakasam Arts private limited.The civic body is yet to figure out how to set up the rest. It can make the tenders more attractive or set up the shelters itself. Officials say the idea of clubbing areas in north and south Chennai in every package was why a few tenders are without takers.However, commissioner D Karthikeyan said they did not want areas in north Chennai to be left out. said. \"We will build shelters with own funds, and later lease them out for advertising,\" he said. This is similar to what the Bangalore Municipal Corporation did with their shelters a few years ago.The Chennai Corporation lauched a public private partnership scheme for bus shelters, allowing advertising firms to build shelters and sell advertising space for 20 years. The selected firms, from the revenue earned through advertising, were supposed to pay the corporation an annual 1.5 lakh. Advertising firms under MTC used to pay just 30,000 a year.Work on the allotted shelters is yet to begin as a few private firms, who had built and maintained bus shelters under MTC control, had filed a writ petition with the Madras high court and got a stay order against awarding of the bus shelter contracts. The city corporation has now ordered its legal department, to get the stay vacated in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16647726", "title": "Right time for govt to act", "text": "\"Why doesn't your government do something about it?\" This is a question that stumps every Chennaiite who discusses autorickshaw fares with someone from another state. With various sections of society now demanding rationalisation of auto fares and return of the auto meter, it may be in the government's interest, too, to act\u2014 and win accolades for it.Political commentator Gnani says it is the right time for the government to bring back the meter, as most auto unions are willing to accept the plan if the fares are revised. \"Implementation of meters is not an anti-labour move, as we can see auto drivers are happy in cities like Mumbai, where the cost of living is higher,\" he says.TNCC president B S Gnanadesikan agrees with Gnani when he says that re-introduction of meters would create goodwill among the public and tourists. He adds that the drivers' interests should be kept in mind while revising the fares. Americai Narayanan, founder of Auto Drivers and Passenger's Goodwill Association, says the government stands to gain goodwill even if it increases the fares as commuters would anyway be paying less than what they do now.The cited reasons for not enforcing meters are often unconvincing. There is a notion that a large number of autos in the city are owned by bureaucrats, policemen and politicians who oppose meters. There is no way to verify this as many autos could be in benami names, but it doesn't stand to reason that a few thousand such beneficiaries should be mollified at the cost of making a whole city of commuters unhappy.\"If it is the numbers that matter, the government should conduct a referendum on the need for auto meters,\" says K Ashok, a public relations consultant. In the past, chief ministers have promised at different times to bring back the auto meter, but a political will was lacking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647684", "title": "Govt prepares to desilt waterways in Chennai ahead of rains", "text": "CHENNAI: The onset of northeast monsoon is just weeks away and to avert another year of inundation, the state has taken up pre-monsoon preparedness, making an allocation of 3.62 crore to desilt the major waterways in the city.High-level monitoring committees comprising officials from water resources, dam safety and water studies are doing rounds to speed up the process of cleaning up the canals for a smooth flow of water. The works on canals are in progress. These are not covered by the JNNURM programme, officials said.The city has a number of waterways, including Adyar, Buckingham Canal, Otteri Nullah and the Virugambakkam canal, which suffer blockages due to dumping of solid waste, debris and growth of vegetation. This often leads to inundation during monsoon, affecting roads and other infrastructure, and posing health hazards. \"Efforts are to clear blocks before monsoon and contractors who have taken up JNNURM works have been told to maintain the waterways to avoid inundation,\" said a senior official.Last year, the state took up 58 packages of works on several waterways and it has been increased to 63 this year. As works are in progress under JNNURM funding in Otteri Nullah, Virugambakkam-Arumbakkam Canal, North Buckingham Canal and South Buckingham Canal, the pre-monsoon works have been taken up on the Cooum and Central Buckingham Canal. \"Nearly 5,000 encroachments along the 7.6km Central Buckingham Canal had been hampering JNNURM works. But the PWD has decided to take up desilting on its own, since it will prevent inundation in Mylapore, Chepauk, Triplicane and Alwarpet,\" an official said.Debris, garbage, solid waste, accumulated silt in the Adyar, especially near Varadarajapuram in Tambaram, Jafferkhanpet and Saidapet will be cleared in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16653504", "title": "Sudhir Mishra plans sequel to 'Iss Raat Ki Subah Nahin'", "text": "Director Sudhir Mishra is making a sequel to his film 'Iss Raat Ki Subah Nahin'.The 1996 film, a thriller, featured Tara Deshpande, Smriti Mishra, Nirmal Pandey, Saurabh Shukla and Ashish Vidyarthi among others. \"We are making a sequel - we are relooking at the story. The film was liked by people and I want to get back to the space of thriller,\" Mishra told PTI.Reportedly, the sequel will have Chitrangda Singh, Irrfan Khan and Arunoday Singh. \"We would like to take it ahead as 'Iss Raat ki Subah Nahin' one, two, three, four,\" Mishra said, without divulging further details about the sequel.Mishra's other upcoming ambitious project is 'Mehrunissa' which will star Amitabh Bachchan . \"The script of 'Mehrunissa' is almost finished. It is a big budget film. We will make an announcement soon,\" he said.Grapevine has it that 'Mehrunissa' is the story of a woman who acts as a catalyst in bringing together two estranged friends.Besides Rishi Kapoor , actresses like Chitrangada Singh , Deepika Padukone , Vidya Balan and Katrina Kaif are being considered for the film.Mishra's next release 'Inkaar' deals with the subject of sexual harassment and stars Arjun Rampal and Chitrangada Singh. \"It is a great story. The film is in post-production stage and we will release it in January 2013,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648810", "title": "Wildlife week celebrations at Van Vihar", "text": "BHOPAL: A bird-watching camp commenced on the second day of the wildlife week being observed at Van Vihar on Tuesday.The camp which started at 6am had about 100 bird lovers. Ornithologist Dr Surendra Tiwari, Shoma Gupta, Dr Sangita Rajgir, Khalik Mohammed and others formed five groups for bird-watching. More than 40 species were sighted during the camp.At 9am, a rangoli competition was organized on the theme 'nature and animal' wherein 55 participants made rangolis. There were two groups - junior and senior - in the competition. The rangolis would be kept throughout the week for public view.A photography competition was also organized. Photographers like Bhavna Jaiswal and others gave tips on technical aspects of photography to over 76 participants.On Wednesday, a bird watching camp would be held. It will be followed by a debate competition in schools at 10.30 am. At 11.30 am, a workshop of teachers would be organized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16648987", "title": "Calangute beach to get new promenade", "text": "CALANGUTE: Work on the Calangute beach promenade beautification project is expected to commence before October 15. \"It will give a totally new look to the entrance of Calangute beach,\" Michael Lobo told TOI.The work order for the project was issued to the contractor on September 25 at a cost of 1,19,79,821. The beautification work covers the area from the Bandodkar statue to the steps leading down to the beach. The walkway will now have inter-locking pavers and around a dozen benches on both sides.The existing steps leading down to the beach will also change, with a new oval-shaped stairway, and a ramp on one side for the physically-abled to come down to the beach. There will also be a paved walkway from the steps leading to the changing rooms-cum-toilet complex in front of the GTDC Residency. The work orders for the changing rooms, costing around 60 lakh, is also expected to be issued this week.Other features of the beautification work include a new high-mast lamp and a side wall along the promenade with Goan-Portuguese-style banisters .The foundation stone for the project was laid on June 18 at the hands of chief minister Manohar Parrikar in the presence of tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, PWD minister Sudin Dhavalikar, water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar, Lobo and panchayat members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16651752", "title": "Guruvayoorappan Chembai Puraskaram for Trichur V Ramachandran", "text": "THRISSUR: Noted Carnatic musician Trichur V Ramachandran has been selected for the Guruvayoorappan Chembai Puraskaram for the year 2012, instituted by the Guruvayur Devaswom. The award carries a purse of Rs 50,001, a citation and a gold locket.Ramachandran was selected for the award by a committee comprising Devaswom Managing Committee member G Madhusoodanan Pillai, musicians Pala CK Ramachandran, Kumara Kerala Varma, violinist TH Subrahmanyam and Mrudangam expert Kuzhalmandam G Ramakrishnan. Devaswom authorities informed that the award will be presented at the inaugural ceremony of Chembai Music Festival on November 9.Ramachandran, recipient of Padma Bhushan in the year 2003, was born in 1940 in Thrissur. He learned Carnatic music from the great artists Dr ML Vasanthakumari and GN Balasubramaniam. He also learnt Hindustani music from Pandit Krishnanand. Ramachandran now lives in Chennai with family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651619", "title": "Anubhav Motions Picture's first film launched", "text": "Makers of many television show Anubhav Motions Picture's first Bhojpuri film ( yet untitled) launched at M4U studio Lokhandwala with a song recording. First song of the film was sung by Vinod Rathod and Indu Sonali under the supervision of music director &amp; lyricist S Kumar.The film is produced by Niraj Yadav, who previously made the show Kohra, Kunware hain Hum, Bikharta Pariwar, Vishawasghat , Kudrat ki Awaz for doordarshan. First national award winner director of Bhojpuri cinema Anand D. Gahatraj is the director of This film. He says the film is based on political corruption of Bihar and Up. The film is women oriented. Akshara Singh is playing female lead and Niraj Yadav will be seen in a negative role.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649179", "title": "31 tola gold, Rs 5 lakh cash burgled", "text": "NAGPUR: Burglars made away with 31 tola gold and cash, totally worth Rs 14 lakh, from the forest colony residence of Ramdas Dhote at Seminary Hills on Monday afternoon.Dhote and his family members were busy in the fourteenth day rituals after their grandmother's death at a hall some distance from their flat. The family members and other close relatives had kept their valuables below the lord's idols while cash Rs 5 lakh was kept in the almirah.Dhote's son Manish, a contractor, had withdrawn the cash from the bank to pay labourers.Though the family had locked the door and windows, the burglars managed to enter the house through a bathroom window and decamp with the valuables and cash.Police said the house was not ransacked, which shows that the burglars knew very well where the hidden valuables and cash were kept in the almirah. Nothing else was stolen from the house. Cops suspect some insider might have tipped off the burglar.Interestingly, the security guard deployed at the building was not on duty for a few hours when the burglary took place. Police said the guard claimed to have come late and didn't notice any suspicious people entering the building.Suspecting the guard's role in the theft, Gittikhadan police are questioning him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16648683", "title": "Strike affects paddy procurement for second day", "text": "PATIALA: Paddy purchase was hit for the second consecutive day on Tuesday in markets across Punjab due to strike call given by procurement agencies opposed to the state government's new rice milling policy.The new milling policy makes the miller and procurement agency staff jointly responsible for paddy stock stored in private mills. The employees of all state procurement agencies, including Punsup and Markfed, started boycotting paddy purchase from October 1, the first day of procurement.There are 1,770 grain markets in Punjab, where around 2,500 officers have been deputed by purchase agencies, but despite farmers' bringing their paddy to markets there has been no purchase. \"We would not start paddy purchase till government changes its paddy policy. The state government must think how can we check paddy stored in private rice mills as our job is only to purchase paddy and not to store it,\" said Vidhu Shekhar Bhardwaj, vice-president of the Joint Action Committee of Employees of Punjab Foodgrain Agencies.The tussle between procuring agencies staff and government has been causing harassment to innocent farmers. \"I have been waiting for the staff to sell my paddy since Monday,\" said Karnail Singh of Sidhuwal village. The records of purchase agencies show that more than 2,000 officers have been chargesheeted till now for misappropriation of paddy by rice millers. Though the staff of purchase agencies do not have any role in storage of paddy in rice mills, police have booked the staff also after paddy went missing from rice mills. \"We do not have any role in storage, but hundreds of officers have been chargesheeted without any fault of theirs. We don't want to face more cases,\" said another office Gurwinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16649050", "title": "500m to separate turtles, shacks", "text": "PANAJI: The tourism department will enforce a 500-metre buffer zone between commercial activity and Morjim's turtle nesting site, but some greens are upset over the increase in number of shacks on both turtle beaches.The tourism department has decided to allot 11 shacks in Morjim as against eight last year, and six in Mandrem during the 2012-13 season. \"The shacks will not come up at Tembhwada, but 500 metres away in Vithalwada,\" a source said. A one-km stretch of the beach at Tembhwada, looping into the river Chapora, is treated as the turtle nesting site. \"For the first time, the shacks will be shifted north-west of the beach towards Vithalwada to allow turtle nesting,\" the source added.The Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) had suggested carving out of a 500-metre buffer zone at Morjim two years back. Enforcement of other conditions, like switching of lights after dusk, was also stressed as vital to create eco-friendly conditions for the flippered visitors.\"We had put up strict conditions of a buffer zone in Morjim two years back,\" a GCZMA source said. But it is not clear whether a similar condition has been laid down on the adjacent beach of Mandrem. The two north Goa beaches and Agonda and Galgibaga in south Goa are designated turtle nesting sites under CRZ 2011.Though shacks should not be allowed under the new CRZ regime, the government has decided to promote a people-friendly plan of turtle conservation by allowing minimal activity. \"During the season, scores of stalls and more shacks beyond the permitted spring up on the beach, leading to chaos,\" a villager said. A few animal lovers reacted cautiously to the buffer zone proposal. \"You cannot tell turtles: Don't come here or go there,\" a turtle lover said.They could change their location, depending on changes in topography, vegetation and disturbance on the beach, which may vary from year to year. \"As it is, the change in beach topography in Morjim has impacted nesting,\" he added. Agreed Manoj Borkar, a marine zoologist, \"The entire shore profile has deteriorated and it remains to be seen whether imposing such micro buffers would actually serve the purpose,\" he said.A better solution may be to carve out more space for turtle nesting. \"This would mean reducing the number of shacks on turtle nesting beaches,\" the turtle lover added. \"A buffer zone is a good idea, but it is important to leave a 30-metre gap between shacks to allow turtles more space,\" Sujeet Dongre, programme co-ordinator, centre for environmental education said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16649352", "title": "Netas don\u2019t fancy Gandhi topis anymore", "text": "BANGALORE: The Gandhi topi was once part of the mandatory dress code of the first generation of freedom fighters and politicians. But the new age netas are quite averse to don the caps, popularized by the Father of the Nation. For, of the 300 legislators in both Houses of the legislature, only three sport the humble caps. Ironically, all three are from BJP \u2014 wakfs and APMC minister S K Bellubi, animal husbandry minister Revu Naik Belamagi and Jamkhandi MLA Srikanth Kulkarni. \"I wear the cap as it represents Gandhiji's ideals,'' said Belamagi. Today, most Congress MLAs don them only on important occasions.It is not that there are no takers for the Gandhi cap for it is still being sold at khadi outlets across Bangalore. \"Only school students and members of cultural troupes buy them for programmes related to the freedom struggle. Sales peaks only prior to Independence Day and Republic Day,'' said P Kulkarni, an employee at the khadi showroom.Analysts feel the fading popularity of Gandhi caps reflects the degeneration of the political system . \"The Gandhi topi was once a symbol of the country's freedom struggle and part and parcel of the political spectrum. But today it has lost its relevance, thanks to emergence of corrupt politicians. Now a person wearing the starched white kurta and Gandhi topi is seen as corrupt,'' said a professor department of Gandhian Studies, Karnatak University, Dharwad.Recently, when Anna Hazare launched his anti-graft stir, the Gandhi topis made a brief comeback among the youth largely as a style statement but it faded along with the movement. The sartorial sensibilities of the politicians too have changed over time, with netas becoming more style conscious now. \"They don't even wear khadi kurtas , forget the caps. Previously, during elections, there used to be demand for Gandhi caps, not anymore ,'' said T K Ramesh of Karnataka Khadi Gramodyog.To Bapu, from Africa with loveGandhiji's first experiments with nonviolence were conducted in distant South Africa. On Tuesday, African students turned up in Bangalore to pay respect to the father of the nation at the Gandhi Jayanti/Ahimsa Mahotsav programme organized by Sarvodaya Trust at Raj Bhavan on Tuesday.Mathew Kambamba and his teammates, all studying in Bangalore and hailing from the Central-African Republic of Congo, presented a song with a theme \"We are there\" .Later, a four-member student group from neighbouring Rwanda performed a dance, 'Ari hehe' , which means peace. Not to be outdone, a Nepalese students' group performed a local shepherds' song.His philosophy limited to booksMahatma Gandhi's philosophy now is limited only to books or to his true followers,\" chief minister Jagadish Shettar said at Gandhi Bhavan. He released a book, 'Namma Gandhi Thatha' , by HO Srinivasaiah. The CM announced Rs 50-lakh grant for upgradation of Gandhi Bhavan. Part of the amount will be used to spread Gandhi's message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651532", "title": "Designers put together sizzling hot soiree", "text": "Bangalore's fashionistas saw two days of haute couture with celebrated designers like Asmita Marwa, Gaviin Miguel, Ashish N Soni, Nida Mahmood, Wendell Rodricks , Pankaj &amp; Nidhi, Vikram Phadnis and Raghavendra Rathore over the weekend.The collections \u2014 which were showcased as part of The Blenders Pride Fashion Tour 2012 at The Leela Palace \u2014 drew inspiration from varied elements, ranging from the spirit of Woodstock to the bylanes of Mumbai. Adding extra pizzazz to the event were the celeb showstoppers, including Bollywood actors like Kunal Kapoor and Soha Ali Khan. With most of the who's who on the city's fashion frat turning up to check out what these designers had to offer, we got to see some well dressed people off the ramp too. While hors d'oeuvres and beverages kept the people fuelled during the show, an afterparty that saw DJ Sasha at the console ensured the models, designers and the guests ended the event on the right note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652089", "title": "Vitamin D supplements may not cure cold", "text": "Some data have suggested a possible inverse association between serum vitamin D levels and the incidence of upper respiratory tract infection, but a new study found that a monthly dose of 100,000 IU of vitamin D3 in healthy adults did not significantly reduce the incidence or severity of colds.The association of vitamin D insufficiency and susceptibility to viral respiratory tract infections has been unclear, according to background information in the article.David R. Murdoch, M.D., of the University of Otago , Christchurch, New Zealand, and colleagues conducted a randomized trial to examine the effect of vitamin D supplementation on incidence and severity of upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs) in healthy adults.The study, conducted between February 2010 and November 2011, included 322 healthy adults in New Zealand. Participants were randomly assigned to receive an initial dose of 200,000 IU oral vitamin D3, then 200,000 IU one month later, then 100,000 IU monthly (n = 161), or placebo administered in an identical dosing regimen (n = 161), for a total of 18 months.The average 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) level of participants at the beginning of the study was 29 ng/mL. Vitamin D supplementation resulted in an increase in serum 25-OHD levels that was maintained at greater than 48 ng/mL throughout the study. There were 593 URTI episodes in the vitamin D group and 611 in the placebo group.The researchers found that there was no statistically significant differences in the number of URTIs per participant (average, 3.7 per person in the vitamin D group and 3.8 per person in the placebo group), duration of symptoms per episode (average, 12 days in each group), number of days of missed work as a result of URTIs, or severity of URTI episodes.\"The main finding from this study is that a monthly dose of 100,000 IU of vitamin D3 in healthy adults did not significantly reduce the incidence or severity of URTIs,\" the researchers said.\"This result remained unchanged when the analysis included winter season or baseline 25-OHD levels.\"Further research is required to clarify whether there is benefit from supplementation in other populations and with other dosing regimens,\" they added.The study appeared in the October issue of JAMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648324", "title": "Are our ATMs well-guarded?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Recent Rs 8.31-lakh robbery at a guarded ATM has exposed critical flaws in security of public money. TOI's visit to several ATMs in the city found most machines of private and government banks unprotected. The guards were either not present or stood sans any weaponry, not even a lathi (stick).There was no guard present at Punjab National Bank's (PNB) ATM in Sector 34. Shopkeepers in the vicinity said guards work in eight-hour shifts and the ATM remains unguarded during switching time - approximately for two hours. The situation was similar at PNB's Sector-22 ATM.When contacted, Punjab National Bank's zonal head Kalpana Gupta said: \"Guards are deployed at most ATMs in Chandigarh, Panchkula and Ambala; but there are chances that some machines are unguarded. I will look into the matter and ensure every ATM is protected.\"Similarly, Indian Bank's ATM in Sector 45 too functions without a guard. Confirming the situation, shopkeeper Suresh Singh said: \"The ATM has been unguarded since the beginning.\" Bank official Sudhir Ghai said: \"Bank headquarters are in Chennai. The management has assured presence of guards at most ATMs.\" In another instance, guard at an HDFC ATM in Sector 46, Pritam Singh, 54, did not carry any weapons for protection. \"I have been doing my duty this way for a long time,\" he said.Axis Bank ATM was targeted in Sector 12A two days ago and the one in Sector 32 was found unguarded for more than two hours, while a stray dog comforted itself in the ATM bay. Nearby shopkeeper Rakesh Singla said he has never come across any security guard at the ATM for eight months.A senior Axis Bank official accepted the fact and said: \"A majority of ATMs are unguarded. After the theft took place, the management has now decided to appoint more guards.\"No HeadwayTwo days after the sensational robbery of Rs 8.31 lakh from the Axis Bank ATM, Panchkula police have not touched upon any clues, despite only scrutinizing CCTV footage on Tuesday. Nothing could be judged from the video since the accused entered wearing a helmet. Three police teams were constituted to investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647816", "title": "6 from stranded vessel brought ashore", "text": "CHENNAI: Six of the 14 Myanmarese sailors aboard stranded Korean ship OSM Arena were brought to shore on Tuesday for a medical check. Chennai Port Trust authorities took the initiative as the sailors have not stepped ashore for more than 14 months.They were sent back to the ship after the check-up.Doctors advised a detailed investigation for two of them after they complained of breathing problem. \"This is likely to be done by end of the week,\" said International Transport Workers Federation (ITF) inspector K Sreekumar.The ship has been abandoned by its owners and the agent ever since it got involved in a business dispute.With the monsoon round the corner, Chennai Port Trust wants to ensure the ship will not pose a threat to other vessels. When Cyclone Thane struck last year, the anchor of the ship broke causing it to drift away.The ship has been abandoned by its owners and the agent ever since it got involved in a business dispute", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16647160", "title": "BMC to replace trenches with ducts for utilities", "text": "MUMBAI: To find a solution to end the frequent digging up of trenches the civic body has decided to lay ducts under 36 junctions in the western suburbs.While the ducts are laid, these junctions which are in a bad state at present, will also be concretized. The civic body will also be carrying out the same exercise in the city and eastern suburbs.According to civic officials there will be two ducts of 150-mm diameter, two ducts of 300-mm diameter and for larger utilities two ducts of 600-mm diameter will be placed along the width at these junctions, underground utilities like telephone wire, internet wires, water mains, sewerage and drainage lines will be passed through these ducts depending on the size of the utility and will be closed.\"There will be two chambers or outlets through which the utilities can be pulled out in case repairs need to be done,\" said a senior civic official from the roads department.There are at least 37 types of underground utilities that run under the roads. These include gas, telephone, fibre optics and civic-body owned water and sewage lines.Chief engineer of the BMC's roads department G M Agarwal said inviting tenders for concretizing the junctions that were earlier in paver blocks or asphalt along with laying of ducts underneath is in progress and that the civic body will start work early next year.\"Consultants have been appointed to make the design and also give us a cost estimate of the project,\"said Agarwal.According to experts frequent digging up of trenches has been cited as one of the main reasons for potholes on the roads.So to reduce disturbing the road surface the standing technical advisory committee in 2005 had advised the civic body to introduce the duct system. After criticism on the state of the roads the civic body since last year has decided that they will lay ducts and utilities will be passed through them under the roads that will be rebuilt completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648779", "title": "State to buy high-end hosp equipment on turnkey basis", "text": "BHOPAL: Unused expensive medical equipment in government-run hospitals is not an uncommon sight. Taking note of such a problem, the state government's Bhopal gas tragedy and rehabilitation department plans to purchase equipment and machines that would be run on a turnkey basis.This is the first step of its kind for medical services in the state. The supplier of the machines would maintain, run and will be responsible for any breakdown in the services.\"Our aim is to ensure that equipment and machines last completely and patients' needs are met with. The company should ensure its unhindered performance,\" Gas relief and rehabilitation commissioner (GRRC) M K Varshney said.The GRCC has plans to purchase a CT-Scan machine and an MRI machine. It has decided to run them on turnkey basis.Following a global tender, the select company would have to follow a wide range of directions to provide patients reliable and highest quality service. \"In the process we would also train and upgrade the skills of our staff,\" he added.Gas victims and BPL patients are treated free of charge in the six hospitals -- Kamla Nehru Hospital (super speciality), Indira Gandhi Hospital (speciality), Pulmonary Medicine Centre (speciality) -- and three generals hospitals -- Jawaharlal Nehru Hospital, Master Lal Singh Hospital and Shakhir Ali Khan Hospital (general) -- under GRCC.GRCC also plans to upgrade pathology, ophthalmology and OT services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "16649378", "title": "Mahatma held hostage by Yeddyurappa-Eshwarappa feud in Shimoga", "text": "SHIMOGA: Even Mahatma Gandhi is forced to take a back seat when the two big guns of state BJP, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and deputy CM KS Eshwarappa, continue their slug fest. Their running, increasingly bitter battle, resulted in the inauguration of the Gandhi Park in Shimoga on Tuesday to be postponed.As per the plan, Yeddyurappa was to open the 24-acre park on Gandhi Jayanti Day as he had sanctioned a sum of Rs 10 crore during his tenure for it and was closely monitoring the works. The Shimoga district administration had invited Yeddyurappa to inaugurate the park and invitations had been printed. It is learnt that Eshwarappa , who is also Shimoga district in-charge minister, opposed the move and ordered postponement of the inauguration, insisting he should be inaugurating the park in his capacity as district minister.Enraged by this, Yeddyurappa, who was in Shimoga, vowed that he would not share the dais henceforth with Eshwarappa for any programme. \"All is not well in the BJP. I will wait till December to take a decision on my political future. The people and my supporters are with me and I will tour the state once again,\" the former CM said.Declining to comment on the developments , Eshwarappa said the city municipal council would take a decision on the park's inauguration. Unperturbed by the leaders' tussle, the public thronged the park to garland Gandhi's statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647542", "title": "Businessman\u2019s killer held in north Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man wanted in a robbery-cum-murder case has been arrested near Mori Gate in north Delhi, police said on Tuesday. Delhi Police had announced a reward of Rs 50,000 on his arrest. The accused, Sanjay alias Hari, is a resident of Trilokpuri.On May 28, around 9pm, businessman Rajendra Jain and his nephew Paras Jain were on their way to Tees Hazari Metro station. While they were crossing the road, a car stopped in front of them. Two people came out of the car and tried to snatch their bags.\"When they resisted, two more people came out of the car, whipped out revolvers and fired at them. Rajendra fell on the spot. Paras tried to overpower the culprits but they sped away after snatching their bags containing Rs 35 lakh. The duo sustained bullet injuries and were admitted in a hospital. Rajendra succumbed to his injuries,\" said a senior police officer.Sanjay confessed that he had planned the robbery along with his associates. \"One of his associates, Dharam Nath, used to work in Sadar Bazar/Chandni Chowk as a labourer for 15 years. He informed the gang about Jain,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647641", "title": "Ahmedabad remembers Sabarmati's saint on his 143rd birthday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Visitors from across the globe flocked the Gandhi Ashram in Sabarmati on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti on 2nd October. The Ashram was vibrant with a host of activities being conducted throughout the day. Early morning prayer by Tarun Sagar marked the beginning of the day, followed by a drawing competition where around 400 children participated.A group of photographers gathered at the Ashram on the beginning of the Joy of Giving week for a unique purpose. Rahul Pardasani, who had organized this photographers' meet said, \"My idea is to bring a smile on the faces of a few underprivileged people. We were a group of 25 photographers today and we clicked photographs of some kids from the slums of 'Rama pir no Tekro', who were here for the drawing competition. Now we will gift each of them a printout of his/her picture during this coming week.\"A blood donation camp was organized by B J medical college in the Gandhi Ashram premises, where more than sixty people participated in the noble cause of blood donation. Also, there was an amusing exhibition of paintings of Mahatma Gandhi made by thumb nails. Girish Panchal, who has made 144 such paintings of Gandhiji said, \"I have used my thumb nail to make these paintings. A special Ivory paper is used to make these where I emboss the picture with my nail first and then use different shades of colours to outline them.\"The day ended with a bhajan sandhya where bhajans were sung by Pandit Uday Bhavalkar organized by SPIC MACAY- society for promotion of Indian classical music and culture amongst youth. \"All the arrangements for the bhajan sandhya were made by the primary school kids of the Mahatma Gandhi School. This programme is by the students, of the students and for the students\", said Udit Thakre, a volunteer from SPIC MACAY.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16650424", "title": "There's nothing like 'mooh bola bhai': Amar Singh", "text": "Ex-Samajwadi Party leader Amar Singh, who hosted an evening for Sridevi in the capital, tells TOI why he now stays away from 'freeloaders' and 'good for nothings'He played the game smartly, and made many friends and foes in the process. But the twists and turns of politics finally got him, and he retired and went into a hibernation of sorts.But on Monday, Amar Singh, the ex-Samajwadi Party kingmaker, the host who threw some of the best parties that Delhi perhaps remembers till date, was in his element. He talked and laughed loudly, hugged the guests and friends, gave killingly sarcastic comments every time someone asked about things he didn't like, and looking rested and at ease, played the host to perfection. When asked what brought him out of his ' sanyas ', so to say, he said, \"Sridevi was keen to show me her film, and I thought jab dekhna hi hai, toh let me do it in style.\" He posed as he said this, telling the photogs, \" Chalo picture bana deta hoon ,\" and fed laddoos to Sridevi. \" Photo ho gayi ?\" he asked a while later, and insisted on distributing laddoos personally to everyone who had come for the screening. He hosted a dinner for everyone as well, later on.But not for one moment did he let us believe he has let bygones be just that. The public might have forgotten the controversies, the drama in parliament, the tapes, the things that made Amar Singh quit politics, but the man himself is still smouldering, and has forgotten nothing, and that becomes evident when the once bitten, twice shy politico deconstructs everything that happened, and gives a few surprisingly candid answers...You've become invisible. We don't see you anywhere now... That's deliberate. I don't want to see or be seen.Then why are you here? Sridevi is an old friend, and she was keen to show me the film. So, like I said, I decided to do it in style. The movie made me nostalgic, and touched a chord in me. I identified with the character - I also didn't know English very well at one point in time...So, you brought so many people along? It's being screened simultaneously in all screens - that's a lot of people. I didn't want to do it like Amitabh Bachchan did in Sharabi - as he watched Jaya Prada dance all alone in a huge empty theatre! So, I invited all my friends, and hosted this evening for them.So, is this your comeback as well, then? I had not gone anywhere. I was very much here all the time. It's just that you all don't want to see me anymore. I just closed the doors of my home and heart for one and all, and that's still not open. And like I said, Sridevi is not a filmi heroine for me at all, and hence, this does not mean I've come back.When will the doors open? Why should I open it? I've seen it all in my life, I am saturated with all this. And then, thank God, I must say just in time, I realized that my health, my family is what matters. I am done with fake relationships, and those people whom I had surrounded myself with, and those who I had indulged.Fake relationships? Yes. There is nothing, no term such as a mooh bola bhai or a mooh bola baap , as I realized. Ultimately, to use a cliche, blood is thicker than water. Rest all is fake, as I realized during my time of distress. Nobody stands by you, except your own blood. People only do lip service; when the time comes to stand up and help, they take others' sides, or do nothing and look the other way.Are you hinting at someone in particular? You can take it anyway you want to. Earlier, during my birthdays, I used to host these parties, and call all people - filmi and others. But in the last few years, I've been doing charity, and this year too, I will do just that.No party, again? Yes. I don't want to indulge freeloaders and good for nothing people. I am not star-struck, or mesmerized by all this. When Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya used to come to my birthday parties, they were not there as superstars. Amitabh did not come to my parties as a superstar. Anyway, now, like I said, no parties for anyone.Not for Amitabh, for sure... isn't it? Had I been mesmerized by Amitabh and Jaya, had I been star struck as I've been told to be, I'd still have maintained a relationship with them, despite what they did to me, notwithstanding their behaviour towards me, isn't it? The fact that I've distanced myself from them, made sure I've nothing to do with them, it shows that I am not the kind to fancy crazy titles like superstar, or shahenshah .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16648381", "title": "Kaziranga loses 39 rhinos in 10 months", "text": "GUWAHATI: The rhino population at Kaziranga National Park has taken a serious hit because of the two waves of floods and a spurt in poaching activities. The park, a Unesco World Heritage site, has lost 39 rhinos in less than 10 months, bringing down the population to 2,251.As many as 11 rhinos have been killed by poachers since January while 28 have drowned and died in the two waves of floods that hit the state since June. According to the 2012 census, the rhino population of Kaziranga was 2,290 at the beginning of the year.The state forest department on Tuesday dispatched additional armed forces to Kaziranga to protect rhinos from poachers. Eleven of these animals have been killed for their horns in the two waves of floods that hit the park since June this year and the recovery of AK47 bullets from their bodies points towards the involvement of militants in the poaching incidents.Six of the 11 rhinos killed by poachers were shot inside the park and five outside the park's perimeter, four of which were killed in the neighbouring Karbi Anglong district.The state government has moved the CBI for a probe into the unabated killings of rhinos in the park and the state forest department claimed that several clues have been found about the poachers.The park has been inundated by floodwaters, forcing the animals to shift to dry isolated areas outside of the park, which make it easier for poachers to make their kill.Forest minister Rockybul Hussain said, \"There is pressure on the forest guards in the post-flood situation too. Animals trapped inside the park try to come out after the floodwaters decrease and stand very vulnerable to poachers. We are deploying 50 personnel of the Assam Forest Protection Force to the park to raise the level of protection.\"Kaziranga rhinos have been upgraded to the 'vulnerable' category from the 'endangered' slot by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) for the park's successful conservation programme. In 1984, the rhino population in the park was 1,080; 1,069 in 1991; 1,552 in 1999; 1,855 in 2006; 2,000 in 2009 and 2,290 in 2012.The forest guards have so far this year killed three poachers and arrested 14 others. The guards have also recovered six 303 rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647405", "title": "Confusion over exam date of state eligibility test", "text": "PUNE: There is confusion among aspirants of the state eligibility test (SET) since the examination which is scheduled in August and November was not held in August and the authorities are yet to announce the date for the exam in November.The University of Pune (UoP) conducts the exam in Maharashtra and Goa and close to 40,000 candidates register for the exam each year. The varsity's SET department has said that the exam date is likely to be announced this month.Rajendra Raherkar, deputy registrar, SET department, UoP, said, \"Every three years, the University Grants Commission (UGC) has to renew the approval granted to us to conduct the exam in Maharashtra and Goa. We applied for a renewal in February as it was three years since our last approval. However, the approval is pending for various reasons.\"The UGC sets up a committee to conduct a review of the past examinations and the routine work at the SET department during the renewal of approval. The committee submits a review report to UGC after which the new letter of approval is granted to the UoP to conduct the exam. \"This year, however, the committee from the UGC is yet to arrive to review proceedings causing delay in fixing examination dates,\" Raherkar said.Meanwhile, candidates who are preparing for the SET exam are a confused lot. The UGC has announced the dates for the national eligibility test (NET) to be held on December 23 and students fear that there will be very little gap between the two exams.Ramesh Vaishampayan, a SET aspirant, said, \"We need to know if the November examination will be conducted or cancelled like the exam scheduled in August. There has been no notification issued by the SET department regarding the same.\" Soham Bhujbal, who will be attempting the exam for the second time, said, \"This year, there are some changes in the SET syllabus. It will be the first exam as per the new syllabus and already there is a lot of anxiety regarding the exam. With no signs of announcement of the examination dates, many of us are confused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16648201", "title": "Corporation to set up modern waste plant", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Brushing aside protests from the residents, the city-corporation has decided to tie up with the state government in setting up a modern waste treatment plant at Chalai. The civic body would ink an agreement with Loro Green Clean City Private Limited under which 35 tonnes of waste will be supplied to the plant daily. The pact will be signed jointly with Shuchitwa mission.The decision, announced in the council meeting, invited protest from Chalai ward councillor Usha Sateesh. She sternly demanded that the garbage from Chalai alone be processed in the new plant and that the clause which says that the waste from all wards can be transported to Chalai be rephrased.\"I am not against the installation of a plant at Chalai. But the corporation should make sure that the entire waste is not carried over to Chalai. Chalai alone produces close to 35 tonne of waste per day. It cannot be converted into another Vilappilsala,\" she said.However, Usha was made to toe the line by the rest of the councillors who maintained that the waste treatment plant at Chalai is the only option for the corporation. \"The councillor cannot take such a stand. The plant has to be beneficial to all wards. The government has come up with a practical solution and the corporation should welcome it,\" said Johnson Joseph, an opposition councillor.Although the resolution was passed despite din, Usha told TOI that she would side with the locals if the corporation is bent on bringing all the garbage to Chalai. \"There is lack of clarity regarding the agreement. Once the plant gets functional, its capacity will be gradually raised. This would put the locals of Chalai in peril and we won't allow that to happen,\" said Usha, adding that she would put pressure on the council to revise the terms detailed in the resolution.Meanwhile, mayor K Chandrika said that the corporation will not go back from its decision to sign the agreement. \"At present this is our only available option. The government has assured us that the plant has been successful in foreign countries. We will go by the agreement and the decision is final,\" said Chandrika.According to the project, the organic and inorganic waste can be processed in the plant. It can also be used to generate electricity while processing the garbage. As per the draft agreement, the company will sell one unit of electricity to KSEB for Rs 7.90.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647409", "title": "Stephen\u2019s alumni to move rights panel for dhaba", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alumni of St Stephen's College who have taken up the cause of Rohtas dhaba, run on the premises, are now planning to file a complaint with the National Human Rights Commission. They regard the banning of Rohtas from selling rolls by college authorities as a violation of human rights.Senior teacher of Mathematics at the college, Nandita Narain, had first alerted students and alumni through a post in a closed group on a social networking site that Rohtas had been stopped from selling rolls. College authorities had argued that the dhaba, for which the family doesn't have to pay anything, can't be allowed to compete with the cafe. Since then, alumni, especially members of the Old Stephanians' Association, have been running an online campaign to reclaim for Rohtas - whose father, Sukhiya, ran the stall before him - the right to sell what he likes.\"He once sold cigarettes but now he can't. He was selling rolls as that made his business viable. Now a situation in being created in which he may have to close shop. At his age, he can't take up any other job,\" says Ashish Joshi of the association. He had started an online petition that, by Tuesday morning, had garnered over 860 signatures from alumni.The decision to complain has been made because college authorities have not made any formal statement on the subject. \"They have not yet issued a formal statement guaranteeing justice for Rohtas and allowing Rohtas to sell more items including rolls to make his small business viable and sustainable,\" says a note by Joshi. The association is giving the authorities, including the principal, governing body and the official alumni association till October 4 to reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651616", "title": "Pyar ka bukhar is a foot-tapping number: Puja", "text": "What happens when two brilliant dancers, a good singer, a composer and a choreographer join hands for a song? Obviously, a good package!Savvy, has not only written the lyrics but also composed the song Pyar ka bukhar for Raja Chanda's Challenge 2, produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. He says, \"The song has a Durga Puja feel to it and it's going to be a sure shot hit with the audience this season.\"What's more, you have Dev and Puja dancing to the track. Puja, who is as good a dancer as Dev, had a gala time shooting in London for the song, which is choreographed by Baba Yadav. Dev had the time of his life shooting in London. \"I loved the peppy music. Once I started dancing, I didn't realize when Rajada said 'cut',\" smiled the Tolly heartthrob.\"Dev and I both love to dance. Pyar ka bukhar is a foot-tapping number and we had a lot of fun during the shoots,\" said Puja. Singer Suraj Jagan, of Give me some sunshine fame, has sung the song", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651957", "title": "An apple a day might keep cardiologists away", "text": "People who consumed one apple a day for four weeks have been found to have 40 per cent lower blood levels of a substance linked to hardening of the arteries, a study has found.Taking capsules containing polyphenols, a type of antioxidant found in apples, had a similar, but not as large, effect.The study, funded by an apple industry group, found that the apples lowered blood levels of oxidized LDL -- low-density lipoprotein, the \"bad\" cholesterol.When LDL cholesterol interacts with free radicals to become oxidized, the cholesterol is more likely to promote inflammation and can cause tissue damage.\"When LDL becomes oxidized, it takes on a form that begins atherosclerosis, or hardening of the arteries,\" said lead researcher Robert DiSilvestro, professor of human nutrition at Ohio State University and a researcher at the university''s Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center.\"We got a tremendous effect against LDL being oxidized with just one apple a day for four weeks,\" he added.The difference was similar to that found between people with normal coronary arteries versus those with coronary artery disease , he said.DiSilvestro described daily apple consumption as significantly more effective at lowering oxidized LDL than other antioxidants he has studied, including the spice-based compound curcumin, green tea and tomato extract.\"Not all antioxidants are created equal when it comes to this particular effect,\" he said.For the study, the researchers recruited nonsmoking healthy adults between the ages of 40 and 60 who had a history of eating apples less than twice a month and who didn''t take supplements containing polyphenols or other plant-based concentrates.In all, 16 participants ate a large Red or Golden Delicious apple purchased at a Columbus-area grocery store daily for four weeks; 17 took capsules containing 194 milligrams of polyphenols a day for four weeks; and 18 took a placebo containing no polyphenols. The researchers found no effect on oxidized LDLs in those taking the placebo.\"We got a tremendous effect against LDL being oxidized with just one apple a day for four weeks,\" DiSilvestro said.\"We think the polyphenols account for a lot of the effect from apples, but we did try to isolate just the polyphenols, using about what you'd get from an apple a day.\"We found the polyphenol extract did register a measurable effect, but not as strong as the straight apple. That could either be because there are other things in the apple that could contribute to the effect, or, in some cases, these bioactive compounds seem to get absorbed better when they're consumed in foods,\" he maintained.Still, DiSilvestro said polyphenol extracts could be useful in some situations, \"perhaps in higher doses than we used in the study, or for people who just never eat apples.\"The study also found eating apples had some effects on antioxidants in saliva , which has implications for dental health, DiSilvestro said.He hopes to follow up on that finding in a future study.The study has been published online in the Journal of Functional Foods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16647727", "title": "Auto fare campaign enters crucial stage", "text": "Efforts to rationalise auto fares in the city are likely to take a step forward on Wednesday as stakeholders initiate talks with officials and planners. Nirmal Kumar, an IIM graduate who in 2009 mentored 50 auto drivers of Ahmedabad to come together for the GAuto network that has now expanded into a 6,000-strong fleet, will be among those present at meetings as officials, traffic police, auto driver unions and representatives of some corporates discuss how the Gujarat model can be duplicated here to introduce a call auto network.While most stakeholders have expressed support for Nirmal's model, almost all agree that the challenge is to ensure patronage for autos. Now, due to the lack of a fare structure, many commuters use autos only as a last resort. A study has found that 35% of total kilometres covered daily by autos is without passengers. \"Autos are available everywhere, but I prefer call taxis because there is no argument there,\" said a commuter, Shankar V Nath.Nirmal's model aims to reduce dead mileage and make the experience of travelling in an auto better. The drivers who join the proposed network would have to adhere to fares set by government and, in return, receive incentives like health insurance and education loans for their children. A call-centre would be set up where commuters can ask for a pick. \"It will be a win-win situation for all,\" said Nirmal Kumar. Additional facilities like water bottles and newspapers would also be available for commuters.Auto driver unions agree that a rationalised fare system would bring more patronage, but say a 'call centre' model would need more scrutiny. \"We will have to look at the proposal more closely to see if it is workable,\" said CITU-affiliated Auto Drivers' Welfare Association president M S Rajendran.In Ahmedabad, the model did get political support, but auto drivers outside the network opposed it. Commuters were, however, happy \u2014 there was no arguing and they had the option of being picked up at their door step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16653786", "title": "Students' academic year jeopardized because of Govt babus' error", "text": "JAIPUR: A clerical error by the Rajasthan education department has jeopardized the academic year of nearly three-dozen school students, majority of them girls, in Jaipur district. The students have been forced to drop out of a government school in the middle of an academic session. Worse still, the education department is now reluctant to help the students suffering because of its babus.These students of Class XI have been left in the lurch owing to similar names of two middle schools in the district. The government had approved to upgrade the school at Mohanpura in Sanganer tehsil, but the education department babus issued orders for the school at Mohanpura in Bassi tehsil.By the time the error was detected and rectified, more than 30 students in Bassi region had taken admission in the 'wrongly' upgraded (to senior secondary level) government school. This school's administration is now bent upon striking down the names of these students, while private schools of senior secondary level in the neighbourhood have closed down admissions for the current academic session.Mohanpura (Bassi) school's headmaster Kailash Chand said, \"Students were given admissions in Class XI because we received orders from the education officer that the school has been upgraded. Now that the order has been revoked, we have no choice but to cancel the admissions.\"The aggrieved students and their parents are now knocking the doors of local elected public representatives to intervene. Mohanpura (Bassi) sarpanch Kaluram has come in support of the students and threatened to go on hunger strike if the state government fails to resolve the issue.Education minister Brij Kishore Sharma said, \"The problem has arisen because of a clerical error. The government had accepted legislator Ganga Devi's request for upgrading the school in Sanganer tehsil, but the department officials erroneous upgraded the one in Bassi tehsil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16648197", "title": "Surat ignored in Rs 1,200cr Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council plan", "text": "SURAT: The Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) has chalked out project proposals worth Rs 1,200 crore in the 12th Five Year plan. Strangely, it just chose to ignore the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat.GJEPC has proposed a jewellery park and convention centre at the cost of Rs 900 crore in Mumbai, a coloured gem stone bourse in Jaipur at the cost of Rs 200 crore, a Rs 9.25 crore worth of jewellery training centre in Kolkata and Rs 40 crore worth of common facility centre (CFC) in 13 diamond centres in Gujarat.Unfortunately, there is nothing proposed for the diamond industry in Surat. This has irked the diamond community, especially the small and medium diamantaires, who have been demanding centre of excellence and jewellery training centre in the diamond hub.Industry sources said the regional office of GJEPC in Gujarat is responsible for putting forth the projects for the development of the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre. But, the regional office has failed in its endeavour.Rajiv Jain, chairman, GJEPC, told TOI, \"We have not received any specific project request from the regional chairman of GJEPC in Gujarat. If there are any projects to be worked out in Surat, we will certainly look into it. The Central government is likely to sanction Rs 5,000 crore worth of projects for the gems and jewellery sector in the 12th Five Year plan.\" Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association, said, \"It is the responsibility of the regional office of GJEPC to propose projects before the council, which it has not done. Surat is the world's biggest diamond manufacturing hub and GJEPC should focus on strengthening the workers' base, which is fast deteriorating due to competition from other sectors. We want to train our artisans in jewellery making as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16646764", "title": "BJP leader claims Congressman's hand in transfer of land to private persons in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Former minister and BJP leader Rajendra Gehlot has levelled allegations on local Congress leaders here of resorting to corrupt practices by registering a government land in favour of 56 people on forged documents in connivance with a former district collector.Gehlot has demanded the lease deeds to be cancelled with immediate effect and action against the officials involved. \"We will submit memorandum to the President, the governor and the chief minister and if our cries are not heard will go to the court,\" he said.Former district collector Siddharth Mahajan has however rebuffed Gehlot's allegation and claimed that the land registration was done legally in pursuance of the court's directions.Gehlot countered saying the state government kept the court in the dark about earlier orders and facts of this land \"Cox Kutir\" measuring 20,000 sq. yard in a posh locality, which according to him will be priced at Rs 300 crore in today's market.Alleging that a Congress leader from Jodhpur is involved in the scam, Gehlot said this particular land had been acquired by the government in 1947 by giving compensation to the original owners and cancelled their lease deed. He alleged that leaders close to the then government hatched a plan to usurp this land and in 1983 in collusion with the then UIT through an exchange deed, took the matter to the court.\"The state government also through an annexure and through a meeting under the chairmanship of the then revenue secretary in 1984 had ruled that the land in question was government property and could never be transferred. But despite that, these persons got the exchange lease deed issued by the then UIT,\" Gehlot claimed adding that despite the ruling, the collector allowed these lease deeds to be registered in favour of 56 people.\"When these people did not have any claim on this land, where is the question of issuing the exchange deeds in favour of them by the then UIT?\" Gehlot said.Mahajan, however, said in the order issued by the high court on May 10 this year, directions had been given to get the lease deeds registered by the registrar within two months of the order. \"We just complied with the order of the high court,\" Mahajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16648116", "title": "From today, \u2018Know Your FIR Status\u2019 online", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An online initiative to know the status of complaints filed with the police will be inaugurated on Wednesday.The facility, 'Know Your FIR Status' will be available on the official website of the Kerala police, www.keralapolice.gov.in.The details of the complaint, including the name of the investigation officer and his/her contact numbers, will be provided on the website, apart from the status of the case.Sections, under which the case was filed, will also be mentioned.The police will make available information on cases registered by stations on www.caps.keralapolice.gov.in, enabling senior officers to monitor the progress of the investigation. The details on the website will also help the crime records bureau.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishanan will inaugurate the online initiative in the presence of health minister V S Shivakumar, home secretary and senior police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16649072", "title": "Goa slum dwellers pay highest bribe money", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has only Mumbai ahead of it when it comes to seeking bribes from slum dwellers in exchange for public utilities like water and other services, reveals the India Corruption Study 2012, compiled by New Delhi-based Centre for Media Studies (CMS).Goa is the second most corrupt region in the country where extracting bribes from slum dwellers goes, states the report.\"The household survey was conducted in the last quarter of 2011. Noticeably, around 90% of the slum dwellers in Goa were asked for a bribe at least once during the last one year,\" CMS chairperson N Bhaskara Rao told TOI.The eighth round of the study on corruption in public services, started by CMS in 2000, focuses on urban slums in nine regions\u2014Goa, Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Kanpur and Lucknow.The research shows that Goa slum dwellers have high dependence on public services and, as compared to the other regions where the study was conducted, slum dwellers in Goa interacted the most with the state administration for public services of water, housing, municipal services and police services.The study also indicates that in terms of proportion of slum dwellers that paid bribes and the total amount paid as bribe, Goa tops the list.\"Among the nine metropolitan and neo-metro cities, Goa emerged as the second most corrupt, next only to Mumbai, with large number of slum dwellers questioned reporting having experienced corruption at least once while seeking public services,\" Rao said.\"In Goa, the bribe amount most often paid by slum dwellers to get public services like water, electricity, housing etc was Rs 700 on an average, while the corresponding figure of the nine cities combined was Rs 200,\" the study reads.\"Issues of great concern for the state government should be reporting of high incidences of corruption and narrowing of gap between 'perception' and 'experienced' corruption in public services, indicating that perception is more based on firsthand experience and less on hearsay,\" Rao said.According to the 2011 Census, Goa has the highest proportion of urban population with 62.17% of the population living in urban areas. Of these more than 17% are in urban slums.\"The general perception is that there is no slum population in Goa. But with the kind of money the central government is spending on facilities like drinking water, schools and now even broadband connections to households, the physical presence of slums remains but their character has changed in a major way,\" Rao said.Study conducted through a household questionnaire based survey of urban slums in nine metropolitan and neo-metro citiesOther than Goa, survey was conducted in urban slums of Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Kanpur and LucknowOn an average the bribe amount demanded for public services from slum dwellers in Goa was Rs 700, while it was Rs 200 combined in nine other regions surveyedOn scale of 0 to 80 persons, 68 experienced corruption where the service of electricity was concerned, 62 in case of water, 60 in case of police services, 45 in the public distribution system, 42 in case of municipal services, 36 for housing and 35 for health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16649052", "title": "Goa gov to provide tablets for middle school students by Jan next year", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said that tablet PCs will be provided to students of class V and VI by January 2013, and those studying in higher classes will be given subsequently.Parrikar made this announcement while addressing a gathering at a function to launch the Magicbus project at Curhorem.Stressing on the need to utilize all the facilities available to them for their overall development, Parrikar urged the students to use their talent and intelligence in the right direction. Earlier, Parrikar had launched the Magicbus project, a concept aimed at empowering children, youth and communities in areas of education, gender, health and leadership through sports, in the presence of sports minister, Ramesh Tawadkar, industries minister, Mahadev Naik, Curchorem MLA, Nilesh Cabral, Sanvordem MLA, Ganesh Gaonkar and Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldessai.The Magicbus project in Goa is promoted by a Goan mining company in collaboration with Magicbus India foundation for the first time. The first phase of this project covers 5,000 children-1,000 each from the talukas of Canacona, Sanguem, Sanvordem, Shiroda and Curchorem. The children were provided sports kits and will be trained by community sports coaches and youth mentors from the localities. Five buses were presented to the children of the above mentioned constituencies to enable the children to take part in the activities of Magicbus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651895", "title": "Rana gears up for Tamil-Telugu bilingual", "text": "Rana Daggubati, who's currently working on his bilingual Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum, is all set to commence work on his next shortly. The actor confirms it is indeed the Tamil-Telugu bilingual to be directed by Selvaraghavan, which he has been in talks with for a while.\" Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is currently in its final stage. It should hit the screens in a month. I will begin shooting for my next with Selvaraghavan immediately after that,\" Rana reveals.Rana and Selvaraghavan have been in talks for a project since the beginning of the year. With Rana busy with his current bilingual and the director working on his Arya-Anushka-starrer Irandaam Ulagam , the two had always maintained that they would be working together shortly.\"Details of the cast and crew are being worked out. They should all fall in place in a month,\" adds Rana. Meanwhile, since the actor's sister is getting married this December, he will be held up with family commitments. \"I might take on a Hindi project after the wedding, once I am freer in 2013,\" says Rana.Meanwhile, Rana confirms that Sameera Reddy will be doing a special appearance, which includes a song in Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum .\"Yes, Sameera will be part of a song in the film,\" says Rana. Quiz him if she will appear in more than just a song in this Rana-Nayanthara-starrer and he says, \"One will need to see the film to find out about that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hodal/palwal", "code": "16647181", "title": "5 of family die trapped inside burning car", "text": "HODAL/PALWAL: Five members of a Delhi-based family were burned alive in their car on Tuesday after the Santro collided with a tractor-trailer on the Delhi-Agra national highway causing its LPG kit to explode.The victims were identified as Ashok Aggarwal, wife Manju Aggarwal, sons Amit and Shobhit and daughter-in-law Seema, of Rohtas Nagar in northeast Delhi. Palwal SP J S Hooda said the car got centrally locked after the collision at Banchari village around 2.30pm, leaving the occupants with no escape route. By the time fire officials got to the site, it was too late.Haryana police said the vehicle went up in flames after its LPG kit exploded almost 20 minutes after the accident. Although locals claimed that the car was being driven on CNG, cops dismissed the theory. The family was returning from Agra.The incident occurred near Banchari Village, about 30km from Palwal, on Tuesday. They were residents of Rohtas Nagar in northeast Delhi. The Hodal police said they are trying to ascertain if the LPG kit was defective. They will contact the car manufacturer to find out whether the kit was fitted by them.According to SP (Palwal) Jagat Singh Hooda, the car was moving at a high speed towards Delhi from Vrindavan. The passengers reached Banchari Village around 4pm. \"Suddenly, a tractor-trailer moving ahead of the car broke down and stopped. But the driver failed to swerve. As a result, the car rammed into the vehicle and caught fire,\" said a senior police officer. Cops said the trailer was loaded with illegally mined sand.\"After the collision, the car's central locking system got jammed. Other drivers on the highway tried to help but most of the occupants had lost consciousness by then. We sent our men in 10 minutes and took the help of fire department officials to smash the car windows and extricate the occupants. Unfortunately, we could not save anyone,\" said Hooda. Though cops tried to use sand to douse the fire, the method failed.Locals, however, claimed that the lives could have been saved had the authorities been better prepared. \"The highway does not have a mobile disaster management squad. The car exploded at least 30 minutes after the accident. The fire brigade arrived 40 minutes later and members of the rescue team had no gas cutter with them,\" claimed Salim Ahmed, a resident of the village who called the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647647", "title": "Film biz to get 11.7m trained workers", "text": "CHENNAI: Addressing the demand for skilled workers in the film and entertainment industry, Media and Entertainment Skill Council (MESC), is set to train more than 11.7 million people over the next 10 years for roles such as lighting, scriptwriting, electric work and tailoring.MESC, a unit of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci), will work closely with the National Skill Development Corporation as a sector-skill council initiative to achieve these targets. MESC will establish standards for 10 professions in the first year. The entertainment sector will have seven sub-sectors and each of them is likely to have its own targets, said an official.\"There are no structured courses for such skills, and while it is difficult to train people in just a day or two, it will at least be a beginning and will lead students in that direction,\" actor Kamal Hassan, president of MESC said.With this, the MESC attempts to bring in structure and standards to the hitherto unorganised entertainment industry and will act as an accreditation body for the training programmes. \"In the first year, we will look to define teaching standards on a national scale,\" said Leena Jaisani, director and head-entertainment at Ficci.\"In the future, we would ideally like a situation where we work with only accredited partners,\" she said on the sidelines of a curtain raiser to Ficci's Media and Entertainment Business Conclave scheduled for October 16 and 17 in the city.MESC will work with organisations like the Film &amp; Television Producers Guild of India, Film Federation of India, Indian Broadcasting Foundation and institutes like the L V Prasad Film &amp; TV Academy to organize training programmes, Jaisani said.The council will kick off the training programmes at the business conclave and will hold it once every three months afterwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651696", "title": "A musical journey", "text": "Music has its own language. That's what Dohar frontman Kalikaprasad Bhattacharjee believes in. On Saturday, the folk outfit organized a cultural event at a city auditorium that saw, for the first time, around 50 folk instruments being incorporated to create a musical harmony.\"There were traditional Bengali folk instruments like the dhol, madol, dhamsa, srikhol and ektara. There were also instruments that are played outside India such as the didgeridoo. Instruments like the harmonium and violin, that originated outside India but have been adopted by Indian artistes, were also played. Around 15 folk artistes including Mansur Fakir, Khudiram Das and Harekrishna Halder participated in the musical event. Percussionist Bickram Ghosh was also part of the do,\" said Kalikaprasad. \"Vocals were used as musical accompaniments. In one piece titled Khora, we used middle-eastern soundscapes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16647490", "title": "Intelligence lapses in CRPF ambush?", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Security agencies are probing whether an intelligence lapse led to the Maoist ambush of a CRPF training squad in Metala jungle on Sunday night in which two troopers were killed.Sources say that the Maoists, led by Bikash, took the CRPF men by surprise. They hurled smoke bombs and opened fire before the sleepy, tired jawans could get themselves oriented.The police are still not ruling out friendly fire between the jawans, who were on the last leg of a six-week training exercise. The CRPF says its men fired 229 rounds in the gunfight.ASI R N Mahakul was shot through the jaw and below his left ear. Constable Vijay Bhaskar Reddy was hit on both sides of his stomach. The bodies were found close to each other. Their rifles lay nearby.Soon after the bodies were found early on Monday, the CRPF claimed that the duo was killed in an encounter with Bikash Mahato's squad. But police suspect an intelligence failure or lack of alertness on the part of CRPF.There were about 30 to 40 CRPF troopers at the open camp site and Bikash's squad is said to be around 10-12 strong. \"If there was an alert on Bikash, was the security cover around the CRPF camp inadequate,\" asked a senior police officer. \"And why did they choose Metala jungle for the exercise when it was a Maoist hotbed not long ago.\"The jawans had earlier undergone five weeks training at the Cobra camp at Salboni and at the last leg they were at the Metala forest for a week-long training on how to improve their skills while fighting with the Maoists. Jawans of 184, 66, 159 Battalions were trained at the Metala forest for a week for the specialized combat training which ended on Tuesday.Moreover, the CRPF and the police prevented the media from reaching the spot. Even villagers were not allowed in on Tuesday.Police officials said some bullet marks were found on the trees where the duo was killed. West Midnapore SP Sunil Choudhury said a probe has been started and the CRPF jawans were being interrogated by police. Cops have also launched raids to track the Maoist attackers.Cobra commandant Dipak Kumar visited the spot on Tuesday and said that they will chalk out a new strategy to combat the Reds.However, Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikary denied Maoist involvement in the killings. He demanded a \"proper probe\" into the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16648932", "title": "Infosys products play begins to win admirers", "text": "BANGALORE: After the barrage of criticism over the last year-and-a-half, the tide seems to be turning for Infosys at least in the minds of some analysts.Barclays Equity Research in its latest report on Infosys has welcomed the company's aggressive foray into products and platforms and says the business should position Infosys for strong returns.In the report, dated September 24, it says \"Infosys's investments into a non-linear business model, its ongoing creation of an IP portfolio and its aggressive five-year revenue growth target imply that it has gone well beyond preliminary steps towards gaining meaningful scale.\"The crux of Infosys's strategy, what it calls Infosys 3.0, is to improve its operating margins by de-linking revenue growth from employee headcount . Accordingly, it is investing more money into products, R&D; and developing cloud, mobility and analytics solutions.Infosys, traditionally an IT services company, now has 20 products and platforms (PPS) and the space employs 10,000 people, \"equivalent to a small to medium-sized global product firm\", writes Bhuvnesh Singh of Barclays Equity Research. Currently, products and platforms contribute 6% to Infosys's revenues, and Infosys has said it wants to take that to 33% in 5-7 years. \"Infosys's target pegs the growth rate (for PPS) at 39-58 % annually (under different scenarios for total revenue growth), implying that the PPS strategy (non-linear approach) could be the single most important growth driver for the company over the longer term. This would also set a low threshold for growth for the conventional IT services offering, allowing the company more flexibility to maintain and improve its margin profile,\" says the report.Infosys believes it has become imperative for IT companies to look at a larger product play as traditional IT services are getting commoditized . The IT industry's growth has slowed from 30% in the mid-2000 s to 12%-14 % now.Infosys already has the hugely successful banking product Finacle. It has tasted initial success with products like Airtel Money. The telco, Bharti Airtel , uses Infosys's Wallet Edge, a platform to enable subscribers to conduct commercial transactions through their mobile phones. Flypp is an application that engages consumer brands and consumers across digital channels.Barclays says the extent of the initial success in Infosys's non-linear strategy can be gauged by the number of patents filed. The company, it says, has a head start over other Indian IT services firms in the number of patents filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO). Infosys has filed 179 patents since 2008, with Accenture India being the only one ahead of it, with 345 patent applications . The patents related to business process improvement (44 patents), followed by software performance and architecture (28 patents) and data communication.Sanjay Dhawan, technology leader at PricewaterhouseCoopers , says going forward it would be tough for the industry to win clients and grow in scale by following a per-hour fee structure or similar traditional models. \"Tech providers are increasingly looking at non-linear, and a more holistic model that is better suited for transformation deals. Going non-linear will catch up as a huge trend in the industry,\" he says.Infosys, once regarded as the bellwether of the IT industry, was thumbed down in recent times by analysts for its sub-par performance compared to peers. But its recent acquisition of Zurich-based consulting firm Lodestone for $350 milion, and its aggressive showcase of its products and platforms business look to be changing the mood.Barclays notes that Infosys is not alone in the move towards non-linear business, and that other Indian IT services players have also made progress. However, it says that \"in most cases the nature of the non-linear initiative, the scale reached and targeted are not as apparent as we believe it is for Infosys.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16647167", "title": "\u2018BMC\u2019s flawed approach responsible for tree falls\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Lack of scientific tree-trimming methods and not utilizing the tree census data could be responsible for the incidents of tree falling even during the fag end of monsoon, say experts.On Monday evening, Narsingh Lal (28), a labourer, was crushed while he was having tea with friends at a stall on JP Road in Andheri (W) when a coconut tree, which was uprooted due to the strong winds and thunderstorm, fell on it.This was the second death due to tree falling incidents this monsoon. In June, 24-year-old Ashwini Satpute died after a tree at Lower Parel's Marathon Nextgen commercial complex fell on her, making her the first victim. Last monsoon, over 2,000 tree falling incidents were reported and three persons were killed.A Tree Authority member Ameet Satam said that the Monday incident needs to be investigated. \"Tree falling does not always happen due to lack of trimming. However, the BMC's garden and tree department needs to pull up its socks. In my area, in Andheri, one had to follow up with the garden department six times to get the trees trimmed before Ganeshotsav. If being a corporator, I face so many hurdles, I can understand the common man's plight. The tree superintendant should call for a meeting of all the junior tree officers in the 24 administrative wards to take a stock. One of the housing societies had asked the BMC for permission to trim trees, the civic body BMC gave a nod after three weeks,\" said Satam.The BMC claims to have cut 340 dead trees and pruned over 12,000 since June. But the possibility of tree falls could have be averted had the civic body used the tree census data to its benefit.\"The census takes place once in five years. Details of this census can be used to keep a tab on trees. The census can help in knowing the general health of trees so that they can be either trimmed accordingly or necessary preventive measures can be taken to avoid mishaps,\" said Madhu Sawant, former Tree Authority member.\"However, BMC allows concretization up to the barks of trees. This prevents water seepage in soil and reduces shelf life of trees,\" said Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16648990", "title": "Are politicians compounding problems in the mining sector with frivolous statements?", "text": "The whole episode has exposed the inefficiencies of the central and state governments. It is shocking to note that both didn't have data about legal and illegal mining in Goa till date as is evident from the blanket ban on mining. What were the departments of mines, environment, state pollution control board, forest doing for the last several decades? Nobody is opposed to balanced mining. Natural resources have to be exploited respecting the environment. Blanket closure, all of a sudden, will definitely affect the lives of those dependent on mining. The government should seriously think of shifting its focus from mining to other economic areas in a phased manner and create economic opportunities.Pradip Kakodkar Chartered Accountant , CurchoremPoliticians themselves are making this problem worse. Before the elections the present chief minister while in the opposition had said illegal mines are prevalent in Goa. After coming to power, he stated that all mines in the state are legal. Then when a Congress leader from the Centre visited the state, the chief minister made a statement saying they are the ones to blame for the mining mess. The Shah commission report clearly stated that only illegal mines should be shut. So, the question is, why did Parrikar close down all the mines in the state? The politicians in the state are to blame for the mess. They are the ones taking decisions and blaming the Union ministry for any problems.Krishnanath Fogueri Teacher , BicholimPoliticians should assess what they say before making statements. These are the kind of people who are only interested in their personal benefit. They are not at all concerned about the nature and environment of our beautiful state. Neither are they really concerned about the sufferings of the poor. There are people who are genuinely affected by the clamp down on mining. But legal mining has to be restarted only after all the guidelines have been adhered to with respect to the environment. Personal interest cannot come first. People can also be rehabilitated by employing them in other industries that can be set up by those very same mine owners.Vijaykumar Verekar Teacher, SanquelimThe politicians are asking that mining should be resumed because a majority of their voters hail from areas like Bicholim, Curchorem, Sanguem, Sanvordem, and are dependent on mining. The fact of the matter is the mining mess in the state has been created by mine owners, who are hand-in-glove with politicians.Sanjay Sawant Dessai Associate professor, Curchorem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652568", "title": "Paanch Adhyay music launched", "text": "'Paanch Adhyay' is the story of a young couple who are passionately in love. However their ideologies towards life and art push them apart, and then certain secrets and lies are revealed which changes their lives forever. The film is told in the present and also in the past.The film stars Priyanshu Chatterjee and Dia Mirza and has been directed by journalist turned filmmaker Pratim D. Gupta and has been produced by Kaustav Roy. The film also stars Soumitra Chatterjee, Sampurna Lahiri and Suman Mukhopadhyay.The film has 7 songs which have been penned by Anindya, Chandril, Swanand Kirkire and Pratim D.Gupta and have been sung by Shreya Ghoshal, Shaan , Swanand Kirkire, Ash King, Kaushiki Chakrabarty, Shubha Mudgal and Usha Uthup. The music is by Shantanu Moitra.The film will release on 19th October.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16647855", "title": "Bhubaneswar cops yet to log in to cyber cafe guidelines", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: More than a month has passed since the state government made cyber cafe registration compulsory and designated the police commissioner as the licensing authority for opening of such cafes in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack. But implementation of the order is still a non-starter as police personnel are in dark about the guidelines.The licence wing at the police commissioner's office said on Tuesday that it was yet to receive any such order, even though Information Technology (IT) minister Raghunath Mohanty on August 18 announced that the CP would issue licences to cyber cafe owners in the twin cities, while the district collectors would issue permission in rest of the districts. The IT department subsequently came up with formal notification in this regard on September 5 with the objective to regulate the functioning of the cyber cafes and check cyber crime in the state.\"We have not received any order pertinent to cyber cafe registration. We will then study the guidelines,\" ACP (licence) R N Panda said.At present, separate licence wings function at CP and DCP offices, respectively. While licences for arms, temporary journal permit, property protection, explosive and firecracker are given at CP's office, permission for holding demonstration, procession, opening temporary cracker shops and playing of loudspeakers are provided at the DCP's office.Delay in implementation of the order has created confusion among traders as to where they should apply for permission. \"Though CP is the licencing authority, we do not know whether we should apply for licence at the CP office or police stations,\" asked businessman Swarup Gupta, who wants to open a cyber cafe-cum-coffee shop.Police has no data about the number of cyber cafes present in the twin cities. \"We can regulate their activities and ask the cafe runners to maintain browser log book, collect identity and address of browsers and install CCTVs to prevent cyber crimes,\" twin city CP Sunil Roy said. \"Cafes would be asked to block pornographic or other objectionable sites,\" Roy said.City police had experienced challenge from cyber criminals after chief minister Naveen Patnaik received threat email from a cafe on the eve of the Republic Day in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "sanawar", "code": "16648656", "title": "Lawrence School founder's day celebrations begin", "text": "SANAWAR: Batch of 1962 and batch of 1987 will celebrate their golden and silver jubilees as their alma mater - Lawrence School, Sanawar - celebrates its 165th founder's day here.Over 1,000 alumni are expected to attend the two-day meet that begins on Wednesday at the school in this picturesque town of Solan district of Himachal Pradesh. As a prelude to the founder's day celebrations, tributes were paid by students and staff to Mahatma Gandhi on Tuesday.\"A number of programmes have been planned -- chapel service for silver and diamond jubilee batches, annual athletic meet, hockey and basketball matches, school concert, dances, orchestra, rock band, tattoo (a special event showcasing myriad cultures through dances and music), founders' parade, screening of a short-film 'Bayen' and exhibitions during the next two days,\" said R S Chauhan of The Lawrence School.Chauhan said that students of over 25 batches are expected to join the celebrations.Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal would be the chief guest on this occasion. Besides, Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah and Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt are also likely to grace the occasion.Illustrious alumniSanawar has a rich lineage of distinguished alumni, who have brought glory to the school by achieving laurels in various walks of life. Be it politics, bureaucracy, services, entertainment, adventure or the corporate world, names like Omar Abdullah, Admiral (retd) Vishnu Bhagwat, Arun Maira (member, planning commission), T P Chopra (former CEO of General Electric ), and Ajit Bajaj (first Indian to ski to the north pole) find eminence as those who have carved a niche in the society with their \"never give in spirit\".Back to school, after 50 yearsThere were 58 students who passed out from Lawrence School, Sanawar, in 1962. As many as 35 will attend the founder's day celebrations. Out of them, seven have flown in from abroad. \"It is a great feeling to come back to our institution. There are some, who are coming here after a gap of over 50 years. We still remember the pranks we played then. I am so excited to see the faces of my school friends after such a long time. I am all set to relive my old school days,\" said Brig Inderjit Singh Chima, who is now settled in Delhi and played a major role in locating his batch-mates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647180", "title": "Charges in Qateel Siddiqui murder case on October 12", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court here will frame charges against gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao on October 12 in the murder case of Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Qateel Siddiqui, who was killed at the Yerawada central jail on June 8.The trial will commence before additional sessions judge N P Dhote. The court has asked police to ensure the presence of the accused at the time of the hearing.While the state will be represented by additional public prosecutor Sunil More, lawyers N D Pawar and Rohit Takawane will appear on behalf of the accused.The Yerawada police had filed a chargesheet in court on September 5. Siddiqui was allegedly strangled to death by Mohol (42) and Bhalerao (22), inside the high security 'anda' cell of the Yerawada central jail on June 8.Siddiqui, who was facing charges of involvement in the terror attacks in Bangalore, Delhi and Pune, was arrested by the Delhi police on November 22, 2011. He was later handed over to the Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad on May 3 for investigations into an attempt to plant a bomb near the Dagdusheth Ganapati temple on February 13, 2010 - the day of the German Bakery blast in which 17 people were killed and 64 others were injured.The Yerawada police's chargesheet said that Siddiqui (27), in a conversation with Bhalerao, had boasted of making a second attempt to plant a bomb at the Dagdusheth Ganapati temple if he was released from jail. It said that Bhalerao had informed Mohol about Siddiqui's alleged plan, following which the duo conspired to murder Siddiqui.The chargesheet said that on June 8, Mohol and Bhalerao walked into Siddiqui's cell between 9.45 am and 10 am. Mohol used two drawstrings from a pair of shorts to strangle Siddiqui, while Bhalerao caught hold of the victim's legs. Later, they burnt the drawstrings and threw the ashes in the toilet in an attempt to destroy evidence, the chargesheet said.Dhote is also conducting the trial against IM operative Mirza Himayat Baig in the German Bakery blast case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16648156", "title": "Clean well workers to clear plastic waste", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Starting October 2, the clean well workers will resume their operations in the city. The corporation will deploy selected clean well workers in various wards to maintain the pipe-compost units and to collect plastic waste from households.The city corporation has signed an MoU with a Perumbavoor-based private company to process and recycle the shredded plastic which will be generated at the two shredder units at Palayam. As per the latest agreement with the company, the corporation will have to supply a specified quantity of plastic everyday.In order to ensure this, the Kudumbasree workers will be deployed to collect plastic waste from households. The corporation had earlier completed the distribution and collection of application forms to households regarding plastic collection.\"Every household will have to pay Rs 50 to the clean well volunteers for the job. The people who have filled out the forms will have to segregate, wash and keep the plastic waste at their homes. The clean well workers will also take care of the maintenance of pipe-compost units installed in different houses. The collection of manure will also be carried out in the process,\" said S Pushpalatha, chairperson, health standing committee.The corporation will deploy selected clean well workers in various wards to maintain the pipe-compost units and to collect plastic waste from households.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649185", "title": "Non-subsidized cooking gas cylinder is now Rs 953", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpurians try to come to terms with the new non-subsidized rates for LPG declared last month, the new rates for October will leave many shell shocked. For this month, a non-subsidized LPG cylinder will cost Rs953, an almost 17% jump from last month's Rs817.50 The worst hit has been the 5kg LPG cylinder, which has seen a jump of almost 85%. October rates have been revised to Rs542 from last month's Rs294.This financial year consumers can avail of only three subsidized cylinders after which they will have to buy the non-subsidized one. Nandram Raipure, president of Vidarbha LPG Distributors Association, said, \"every month, new non-subsidized rates for LPG cylinders shall be declared by the oil marketing companies. The rates, to be declared on the 1st, shall be applicable for the entire month.\"The fluctuation in rates is due to prices being linked to international market prices of crude oil. There could well be months when the prices come down but the current jump in price gives an idea of things to come. \"The bills that consumers will receive shall clearly mention how many subsidized cylinders they have used up from their quota. We anticipate consumers will finish their subsidized quota by November or maximum December. Also, we are heading into Diwali season and usage of LPG will increase in a majority of homes,\" said Raipure.Though the three subsidized cylinders are from the central government quota, consumers in Maharashtra are likely to get more. Congress-ruled states have been asked to provide another three subsidized cylinders in a financial year. However, the state has not yet declared how many cylinders it shall give in current financial year.Billing of consumers is being done through a software linked directly to oil marketing companies' central server. Every unit consumed shall be accounted for and a record for subsidized LPG cylinders shall be maintained. LPG dealers have confirmed to TOI that the billing software has been updated recently and now it incorporates the subsidized LPG cylinder consumption details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647452", "title": "Pullout casts shadow over CM's madrassa dreams", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee had promised a lot to the unaided madrassas by dint of her position in the UPA II government. The situation is not so after the pullout. Instead, the issue may turn out to be a political hot potato and an issue to may whip up sentiments.The chief minister has earlier told in several public meetings that her government would recognize as many as 10,000 madrassas. \"These madrassas were not recognized by the Left Front government and we have decided to recognize those without taking any financial liabilities,\" the chief minister had said. What she aimed at, is giving them the recognition that will serve as a passport for being eligible to central funds.As on date, Bengal has no registered madrasas or Islamic seminaries apart from the 612 it supports financially. So, the CM has asked her officials to conduct a survey and prepare a \"fairly respectable\" list which can be forwarded to the Centre immediately.Among the states that receive central funds for their private madrassas, are Bihar, Assam , Chhatisgarh, Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra, Tripura and Uttar Pradesh. With Mamata out of the UPA now, chances of getting central funds have become uncertain.Sources in the Writers' Buildings said that in the last few months, only about 100 or more applications from unregistered madrassas have trickled in. The state minority affairs department can't forward these applications to the Union ministry of human resource development for availing Scheme to Provide Quality Education in Madrasas (SPQEM). Banerjee has asked her department to register as many madrassas with the West Bengal Board of Madrasa Education or the Wakf board.According to the state officials, some of the unaided madrassas do not even want to get linked with the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) as accredited centres for providing formal education, which will enable children studying in such madrassas to get certification for classes 5, 8, 10 and 12. This, in turn, will help them access higher studies and quality education standards.Department officials have already initiated a survey to choose the eligible madrassas from the applications that have reached the Writers' Buildings so far.Officials said about 5 to 20% of the unrecognised madrassas can be included in the list. After preparing the guidelines and selecting madrasas for registration, the department will submit the proposal to the chief minister, who will then send it for central approval and funding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16647888", "title": "12 young men will fly to Ghaziabad for swayamvar", "text": "MANGALORE: Swayamvars on the telly have been the flavour of last season, but in real life? One such event is slated for the first week of November in Ghaziabad -- of course, minus the bow and arrow episode that Arjuna had to face to win over Draupadi in the Mahabharata, or Lord Ram to win Sita in Ramayana. Twelve youths from Dakshina Kannada district will fly to Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, on November 4 to choose their brides in this swayamvar.MG Sathyanarayana, president of the Kashyapa Yuva Brahmin Vedike, Sullia, told TOI the plan to bring the girls' families here for alliances was deferred. Instead, the Vedike will fly with the boys to North India.\"We have already booked Agrasen Bhawan at Lohia Nagar for the 'Yuvaka Yuvathi Parichay Sammelan',\" he said. There will be a pre-interview grilling of the boys by Col Tejendra Pal Tyagi, to check out their suitability to take part in the 'sammelan'. Col (Retd) Tyagi, decorated with the Vir Chakra, did his MTech at KREC (now NIT-K) while serving as captain in the Indian Army. He is national president of the Rashtriya Sainik Samstha, a social organization at Ghaziabad. Sathyanarayana said after the swayamvar, the marriage will be registered at Ghaziabad if the boy and girl consent to enter into wedlock. \"It is left to parents of the groom and bride to conduct the marriage rituals according to their customs. Our job is over once the marriage is registered. We will also register the marriage here,'' he added.Col Tygai said: \"More than 250 boys and girls are arriving from different parts of North India for this event. The reason behind organizing this is to curb the dowry menace. I hope such sammelans will pave the way for marriages without dowry.\" Col Tyagi (then lieutenant) was decorated with the Vir Chakra for displaying exceptional courage during the 1971 Indo-Pakistan war in making a temporary tank crossing into enemy territory and bringing back his wounded soldiers. After retirement in March 2001, Col Tyagi founded Rashtriya Sainik Sanstha, which has branches in 16 states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647643", "title": "Court quashes selection of school teachers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has quashed the recent selection of 2,395 postgraduate teachers and physical education directors for government schools in the state, saying that more than 50 key answers set by the Teachers Recruitment Board (TRB) were wrong and the reservation formula too had been incorrectly applied. TheTRB completed the first round of certificate verification for the shortlisted candidates in August first week. Justice S Nagamuthu, passing orders on a batch of petitions from the teacher aspirants, quashed the mark list as well as the selection list for all posts and directed the TRB to revalue the answer papers of all candidates.The TRB shall display the new mark list on its website and complete the selection within three weeks, as requested by additional advocate general P H Arvindh Pandian.In his exhaustive 146-page judgment on Monday, Justice Nagamuthu said, \"I have found that a number of key answers have been set wrongly and so the valuation based on the answers is invalid. I have also found that the selection of candidates has not been done properly by applying the rule of reservation.\"The TRB advertised for the 2,395 posts on February 28 and the three-hour objective-type examination was held for the main subject, educational methodology and general knowledge carrying 110, 30 and 10 marks respectively.The petitions were filed challenging the key answers to many questions as well as the incorrect application of the reservation formula. By an interim order the court formed a subject experts' team to go into the correctness of the key answers.The report revealed that more than 50 key answers were wrong and that evaluation based on these had adversely affected the prospects of many candidates.As for the reservation regime, Justice Nagamuthu said several reserved category candidates selected under open quota had been adjusted against the reserved quota. Illustrating the illegal application of quota regime, he said S Selvi, a top scorer with 127 marks, had been shown as having been selected under the backward class (women) quota while second rank holder J Kumar with 118 marks had been 'selected' in the backward class (general) category, instead of being included in the open category.The judge directed the TRB to redo the whole exercise and said, The lists of selected candidates already published are liable to be withdrawn. Therefore, the entire select lists, including the select lists for the posts for which there is no challenge, are liable to be set aside...It is made clear that candidates to selected as against the non-reserved category shall not be adjusted against the reserved category.\"Reacting to the judgment, TRB chairman Surjit K Chaudhary said no final selection list as such has been prepared so far. \"The board will study the judgment and decide the future course of action,\" he told TOI.HC cancelled the selection of 2,395 postgraduate teachers and physical education directors since more than 50 key answers set by TRB were wrong and the reservation formula was incorrectly applied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16649098", "title": "Ambani yacht anchors in Mandovi", "text": "PANAJI: Anil Dhirubhai Ambani group chairman Anil Ambani's new year gift to wife Tina, the Rs 400 crore yacht 'Tian' berthed in Goan waters recently.The boat, named 'Tian', based on the initials of 'Tina &amp; Anil', is a custom line 112 model manufactured by yacht makers 'The Ferretti Group'. The boat has four levels, is equipped with six bedrooms, a jacuzzi and a ballroom.Marina India Infrastructure Pvt Ltd regional manager Cosme da Silva told TOI that the vessel has been berthed at a yacht station in Britona-Bardez for annual maintenance.\"The 104-feet-long fibre glass yacht has been brought here for annual maintenance during the monsoon. This is the third consecutive year now. It is normally berthed at Mazagon docks in Mumbai. Many yachts undergo repairs and maintenance there at this time of the year including activities like sandblasting. So, it has been brought here for protective parking,\" he said.Da Silva said that the yacht will be taken to the Goa Shipyard, Vasco, for maintenance on October 9. As per the Goa government's charges of Rs 10 per cubic metre for berthing space, the 'Tian' is expected to fetch the captain of ports an estimated Rs 18,000-Rs 20,000 as parking fees for the monsoon period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16646735", "title": "Playoff win against Shiv still the best moment of my career: Richie Ramsay", "text": "Six years have gone by since Richie Ramsay became the first Scot in 108 years to win the US Amateur Championship in 2006. With his recent European Tour victory coming at the Crans-Sur-Sierre last month followed by a tied second finish in the KLM Open, the Aberdonian is again in focus after he was given a sponsor's spot for the $1.25 million Hero Indian Open to be held in Bangalore from October 18 to 21. Fresh from his wedding last week to long-time girlfriend Angela Hedinski, the Matt Damon fan tells Rohit Bhardwaj that he hopes to make it to the top-50 of world rankings by year-end. Excerpts...How do you see Europe's historic Ryder defence?Incredible scenes at the Medinah! The triumph just goes on to show that one should never give up till the last shot. Jose (Maria Olazabal) managed to pull the team's spirit together, top loaded his best players to get blue on the board and gave us confidence. The inspiring win became an emotional tribute to Seve (Ballesteros).You have been invited to play in Indian Open...I have played in Delhi before and have been impressed by the course there. Indian courses are tight and hard with fast-moving greens. I got to know that it's the oldest running golf event in India, that's why I agreed to come. The KGA course (in Bangalore) is very beautiful.Barring 2010, when you finished 14th at the Avantha Masters, you haven't had a decent finish in India. Your hopes this time?Putting will be the key. Focus will be on the short game given the bunkers and water hazards at the KGA. I am generally strong off the tee, so I would try to go for the flags to make birdies .You won the SA Open beating Shiv Kapur in the playoff in 2010...During the playoff I was trying to maintain my concentration as Shiv is a very steady golfer. I started with a 363-yard drive from the tee and reached the green in the second to 15 feet from the pin and two-putted for a birdie to win the event. I had come from a five-stroke deficit in the final round, so the birdie on the first playoff hole is the best moment of the career. Whenever I am under pressure I just tell myself, 'I can do it, I have done it before.'There has been talk about similarities between Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods. Your views?That's a big thing for Rory. I have seen him play since the age of 15. Rory wants to be the best, he strives for excellence, has got exceptional talent. In all, he has the makings of a great golfer. But only time will tell if he can dominate the sport the way Tiger has done in the past.You haven't played on the USPGA since 2007. Why?My priority was always to do well in Europe. As for the US, I would have to put a base there which I plan to do next year as my wife (Angela) hails from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "16648568", "title": "This shutterbug likes to capture swish wheels", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Not many photographers may think of bikes and cars as subject matter for pictures, but this youngster of BRS Nagar is passionate about taking automotive pictures.Charandeep Singh, 20, son of businessman Agyapal Singh and homemaker Ramandeep Kaur, who is a BBA first year student of Shri Aurobindo College of Management and Technology said, \"I was in plus two at Guru Nanak Public School at Sarabha Nagar in 2009-2010 when photography caught my fancy. One day while scanning the pages of a reputed automotive magazine, I suddenly thought of clicking pictures of vehicles. Later on after studying about photography for the next about six months, I got a Nikon D 90 camera and started capturing cars and bikes on lens. The first picture which I clicked was that of a bike\".\"I continued to click pictures of vehicles and later started clicking pictures of nature, live concerts and people,\" he said, while adding that he chose to take automotive pictures as there are not many photographers in the city who click such pictures.Charandeep added, \"Besides pictures of vehicles, I have also been taking pictures of nature, live show pictures, besides portrait pictures. I will continue my journey with images.\"\"The pictures which are close to my heart are that of luxury cars, pictures of flowers and the landscape along Sidhwan Canal,\" he smiled.About his favourite photographers, Charandeep Singh said, \"I have learnt mostly from the works of a few photographers including Chinese Ste Ho, an automative photographer and American photographers Joe Mcnally and Chase Jarwis. I also pick up tips from the works of other big names in photography after seeing their work on youtube and other photographic sites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16648086", "title": "BJP-JD(U) Bihar alliance frays", "text": "PATNA: Keeping their options open in the event of a sudden break-up of alliance, the BJP and JD(U) in Bihar have started preparations for contesting from all the 40 Lok Sabha seats separately.\"While discussing our programme, I had informed the BJP national executive at Surajkund that the state unit is preparing to contest all 40 seats in the next elections,\" BJP state president C P Thakur told TOI on Tuesday. \"One should always be prepared for any eventuality,\" he added. But he denied that there was any chance of a break-up of the alliance in Bihar at this Juncture. \"Our alliance with JD(U) is intact,\" he said.Asked if the alliance was intact, why was the BJP preparing for all 40 seats, Thakur said, \"The preparation is necessary also because the two parties may exchange a few seats just before the elections.\"However, a senior BJP leader, who didn't want to be named, told TOI that the party was preparing for all the seats keeping in mind the possibility of JD(U) severing ties at the last moment.JD(U) spokesman Shivanand Tiwari was unfazed. \"If CP Thakur has said the BJP is preparing for all 40 seats, then JD(U), too, is making its preparations to contest all seats. There is nothing wrong in it. Political parties make such preparations keeping in mind any eventuality.\"Tiwari said, \"In politics, it's always wise to be prepared for all seats. Nobody knows what lies in store.\"He, too, ruled out any possibility of break-up in the alliance. \"At present, there is no tension, no irritant and no issue between us which may lead to break-up in the alliance,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647286", "title": "Cops raid hookah bar, crackdown to continue", "text": "KOLKATA: In a clear indication that it will keep up the pressure on hookah bars flouting anti-smoking laws, Kolkata Police raided a bar on Jhowtola Road in Beniapukur on Monday evening and arrested its owner.This is the second phase of the crackdown after the July 28 raids on 16 hookah bars in south and south east Kolkata, which led to the arrest of 10 people. The coordinated crackdown followed a July 24 TOI report on how rules were being flouted in hookah bars.The Beniapukur bar raided on Monday evening was actually a fast-food joint and doubled up as a hookah bar. \"Such raids will continue if we get any specific complaint,\" a senior officer said, adding that they are keeping a watch on hookah bars that do not bar under-age clients. Students are seen in many such bars, even in uniform, but the managements serve them without asking for age-proof.In June this year, city police commissioner R K Pachnanda had written to mayor Sovan Chatterjee asking that trade licenses issued to hookah bars be scrapped if they sold tobacco in violation of the Prohibition of the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003, and Smoking in Public Places Rules, 2008. But KMC argued that the trade licenses were for food joint and as long as they served food, the corporation could do nothing.But later the mayor gave police a free hand to deal with any violation of the rules. A senior police officer added that hookah bars cannot get away by claiming that they sell only molasses or other aromatic substances because the material sold has a specified nicotine content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16649287", "title": "Ready, get set\u2026give", "text": "PATNA: The Joy of Giving Week is finally upon us. Beginning on Tuesday, on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi , scores of Indians will give of themselves to their communities in big ways and small. Volunteers of Joy of Giving Week (October 2 to 8) have been overwhelmed with the avalanche of inquiries and participative pledges from around the country. Indeed each passing year, the event gathers momentum and volunteer strength to proliferate into a nationwide festival of philanthropy. From the top echelons of business to children in distant villages, everybody wants to make a difference, and this year's no different.\"This year, Chennai traffic police have pledged to offer a token of appreciation to motorists who observe traffic rules,\" says Aarti Madhavan, a Joy of Giving Week volunteer from Chennai. \"People are becoming more creative each passing year, while the aim remains the same\u2014to spread happiness,\" she added. In Tamil Nadu, the campaign has spread beyond city limits to four villages in Thiruvallur district, where each household plans to contribute a rupee each to collectively raise around Rs 5,000 for the treatment of a disabled or sickly child from each village.During the Joy of Giving Week collection drives, fund raisers, blood donation camps and volunteerism reach peak levels, particularly in cities. Sharad Gaidhane, a volunteer from Mumbai, says that the response to the festival has been heartening, and various individuals and groups in the city have pledged to either donate in time or kind. \"It can be as simple as helping an old/blind man cross the road; it is the deed that matters. The past three years have thrown up wonderful instances of 'giving' and we hope this year it gets better,\" she said.Of the host of events to take place in Mumbai this year, a local patisserie has pledged to donate cup cakes to students of Muktangan School, while students of Oberoi International School in Goregaon plan to donate old books to children of Udaan India Foundation. In Delhi, a group of volunteers will be visiting Khushi Home for Girls in Okhla, and will spend time with them watching movies and conducting recreational activities.In Hyderabad, people have been encouraged to donate between Rs 50 to Rs 500 for the Rising Star initiative supported by the Marriott Group, which helps house 172 underprivileged children affected with leprosy. Another corporate initiative has been taken up by Thrive Energy Technologies Pvt. Ltd., which has been raising funds to sponsor solar LED lights, which they will distribute to deserving children in remote parts of the country and urban slums.\"The bottom line is to spread as much awareness and joy through little deeds,\" concluded Gaidhane. \"And while the Joy of Giving Week sparks this passion in people, we hope it stays with them all through the year.\" Let the giving begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16648815", "title": "Rise in man-animal conflicts put sloth bears in danger", "text": "RANCHI: Foresters from the ministry of environment and forest and the Wildlife Trust of India (WII), who have prepared a draft state action plan for Jharkhand, have expressed concern over the increasing number of man-sloth bear conflict in the region, which is driving away the endangered species from its prime areas like Hazaribag and Chatra.A total of 14 persons have been killed by sloth bears and more than 295 have been critically injured in the past six years. In the 15,000-sq km bear habitat area in the state, many tribals have either been killed or injured when they have gone to the forests to collect leaves, medicinal plants and other forest produce.Naim Akhtar, co-chairperson of the Sloth Bear Expert Team of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, said Jharkhand lacks reliable data on sloth bears. In June this year, Akhtar was in Jharkhand to collect data to form a draft state action plan for their conservation.Tribals in Jharkhand hunt sloth bears, among other animals, during the festival of Vishu-Sendra in April. In the past few years, several sloth bears have been killed during such festivals. It may be one of the reasons why the number of sloth bears is declining in the state. Forest department records deny the presence of sloth bear poaching but two seizures of sloth bear meat in the Gumla forest division and the wildlife division in Hazaribag recently confirmed poaching.A state action plan report submitted to the WII said that 14 human deaths have taken place in over 250 incidents of human-bear conflict in the past six years. The highest number of casualties was reported from Ranchi East Forest Division (65) followed by Gumla Forest Division (56), Simdega Forest Division (45), Chaibasa South Forest Division (29), Buffer Area Daltonganj (28) and Khunti Forest Division (19).\"The department is doing nsothing to stop tribals from going to the forests,\" said wildlife activist D S Srivastava.Chief wildlife conservator Alok Gupta said, \"I am not authorized to speak.\"Wildlife conservators also declined to comment. The principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), A K Malhotra, said, \"I am surprised to learn that sloth bears are in trouble in the state.\"Asked why such incidents were taking place in forest divisions where sloth bears were once considered safe, Malhotra refrained from commenting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16649359", "title": "Mahatma Gandhi continues to hold sway over generations", "text": "VADODARA: Mahatma Gandhi's ideals may not find many takers in today's world, including in his own land, Gujarat, but his personality continues to hold sway, generation after generation. Two exhibitions on Gandhi's memorabilia, currently going on in the city \u2014 one by a known collector, Atul Shah and the other one by a new and young face, Visharad Patel \u2014 would best explain this phenomenon.Patel, a businessman dealing in food and plastic, has revealed his collection for the first time, after having inherited the passion from his father CK Patel. Being held at Ivy on Jetalpur Road, Patel's collection has some rare poster prints, pictures and objects related to Gandhi, including an advertisement by Singer sewing machine makers carrying Gandhi's picture and a quote, 'endorsing' the product! His quote says, 'The Singer sewing machine is one of the few useful things ever invented'! For lack of research, the collector does not have the information whether the Mahatma had knowingly endorsed the product or his quote, made in some other context was used by the makers for the advertisement later on.The other interesting objects in Patel's collection are the 'khadi hundis'. These were a kind of 'coupons' which were issued between 1936 and 1938 to people against donations and these could be redeemed at khadi centres for buying khadi cloth.Gandhi's death had sparked off scores of devotional posters, including one made by Vasudev H Pandya titled 'Swargarohan' and published by Vasudeo Picture Co at Arthur Road, Tardeo in present Mumbai, where Gandhi is seen rising to the heavens, sitting in a decorated mandap throne, while gods and goddesses are shown showering flowers on him from above. Below him one can see the earth's orb, with India's map visible on top.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646428", "title": "Terror suspect brought to Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleged Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Afaq Iqbal alias Danish Riyaz was brought to the city from Gujarat by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) sleuths of the city police.He was sent to fourteen-day judicial custody. Iqbal, who is reportedly involved in the July 2008 twin blast case in Ahmedabad, is wanted in a cheating and fraud case in Hyderabad.The Ahmedabad police had charged Ranchi's software engineer Iqbal, who is a member of outlawed Student Islamic Movement of India, with involvement in terror activities..Armed with a prisoner's transit warrant, the SIT produced him before the Second Additional Metropolitan Magistrate at Nampally and later shifted to Chanchalguda jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16649182", "title": "2-year-old girl died of burns", "text": "A 2-year-old girl died after hot 'dal' fell on her accidentally during a feast organized on Friday on the occasion of Ganesh festival. Nikita Meshram, a resident of Kaushalya Nagar in Jaripatka, was having dinner sitting on the floor when the boy who was serving dropped the dal on her. She was rushed to Mayo hospital where Nikita succumbed to injuries on Tuesday morning. Jaripatka police have registered a case of accidental death.Two killed in separate mishapsAn unidentified senior citizen and a pedestrian lost their lives in separate road mishaps on in the last 24 hours.Around 9.10pm on Monday at Jaripatka, a speeding truck driver knocked dead a 60-year-old woman on Kamptee Road. The driver fled from the spot. Jaripatka police have registered a case.The other incident took place on Amravati Highway No. 6 near Wadi control police chowky on Tuesday morning. 45-year-old Jabbar Khan was crossing the road when a four-wheeler knocked him down. Cops rushed him to a nearby private hospital where the doctors referred him to Mayo hospital. Khan, a resident of Popular Society in Wadi, was declared brought dead. The Wadi police have arrested the driver Ajay Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16646715", "title": "Pumps go dry on second day of petroleum dealers strike; people unaffected", "text": "JAIPUR: People in the city remained largely unaffected on day two of the strike called by Rajasthan Petroleum Dealers Association (RPDA) due to the public holiday on Tuesday. Petroleum dealers in the state refused for refill from the depots for two days starting October 1 in protest against the delay in implementation of the recommendations made in the Apurva Chandra report.During the protest, however, around 30% of the pumps in the city dried up but created no problem for the consumers.\"There was hardly any vehicular traffic on Tuesday. In fact, the pumps remained largely deserted throughout the day with some rush in the evening,\" said Amit Sisodia, a dealer of Indian Oil.Meanwhile, oil companies in the state operated even on a public holiday for the first time. \"The depots were opened on October 2, Gandhi Jayanti. They were expecting that pumps will send for the supply. But our two-day symbolic protest was successful and except pumps operated directly by the depots no one purchased petrol and diesel,\" Suneet Bagai, president of RPDA, claimed.The dealers were protesting against the delay in implementation of Apurva Chandra report which recommended higher commission for dealers. As 3,000 petrol pumps in the state refused to refill on October 1 and 2, the state government is expected to lose a revenue of Rs 170 crore.The dealers have threatened to intensify their protest limiting their operating time from 8 am to 8 pm from October 15 onwards if the demands are not met. To resolve the issue, oil companies have called a meeting with the Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers (CIPD) officials on October 5 in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "16649311", "title": "LNMU all set to welcome President", "text": "DARBHANGA: All preparations are complete for the 4th annual convocation at Dr Nagendra Jha stadium on LNMU campus on Wednesday. President Pranab Mukherjee will be the chief guest and deliver the convocation address. Sitting arrangements for 3000 people including degree recipients, teachers, public representatives, newsmen etc have been made inside a beautifully decorated big pandal.Army choppers made sorties and rehearsed by landing at the helipads constructed at the local Raj ground, which a two minutes drive from the stadium. Entire LNMU campus has been beautifully decorated by Mithila paintings at different points. Life size photos of President Mukherjee have also been put at various points.LNMU VC Samrendra Pratap Singh, while addressing a press meet on the eve of convocation said, \"The university has followed the direction of the Chancellor to make it a grand convocation in every respect . On the dais, besides the President, governor, chief minister, deputy chief minister, education minister, district in-charge minister, vice-chancellor, pro-vice chancellor and registrar of LNMU will be also present.The President will arrive at the academic procession point and put on his robes at 3.45 pm followed by the chancellor putting on his robes. Thereafter, the academic procession will start and reach the venue at 3.53 pm.Altogether, 25 PG toppers of different subjects will be awarded gold medals at the convocation. One among them securing the highest marks will be given another gold medal for being the best post graduate student. Formalities of presentation of gold medals by the President will have to be completed within five minutes ending at 4.05 pm. Chief minister will deliver a five-minute address. The Chancellor will also deliver his presidential address within five minutes. ending at 4.25 pm. Convocation address by the President will start at 4.25 pm and will end at 4.40 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647378", "title": "Derek O' Brien headed for UN meet, to meet New York Bengalis", "text": "KOLKATA: The Left Front may criticize the Mamata Banerjee government for her discussions with US secretary of state Hillary Clinton and then US ambassador Nancy Powell, but it hasn't stopped her from nominating party MP Derek O' Brien to attend the UN general assembly and to interact with the Bengali community in New York.One of Mamata's paintings will be put on auction for charity in New York during Derek's visit.With America no longer a forbidden word in post-poribartan Bengal - a fact underlined during Clinton's May 7 meeting with the chief minister when she became the first US secretary of state to set foot in Writers' Buildings - Mamata had also send finance minister Amit Mitra to the US to aggressively woo American investors in July. Derek's meeting with the Bengali community in New York will be the third attempt by the government to hard-sell Bengal in America. The MP is also expected to auction a painting by Mamata in New York on October 21.Derek is likely to speak on human rights in the Social, Humanitarian Cultural Affairs Committee (Third Committee) at the 67th session of the General Assembly. Derek refused to comment on his speech, saying: \"These are subject to MEA clearance and approvals. I can't speak on it.\"Thirteen other MPs - including Congress's P C Chako, Gurudas Kamat and veteran MP Rishang Keishing, BJP's L K Advani, Najma A Heptulla and Anant Kumar, SP's Dharmendra Yadav and BSP's Satish Chandra Mishra (its Rajya Sabha leader) - will attend the UN meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16649404", "title": "Citizens still cold to waste drive", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP on Tuesday continued the segregation drive as part of its new waste management strategy, notwithstanding the poor response from residents.On Monday, the day the new strategy was put into operation, the BBMP collected 514.69 tonnes of wet waste from across its eight zones. The mixed waste collected was put at 2,766.80 tonnes, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel claimed.BBMP officials admitted that in most places, the public continued to give mixed waste.\"In some areas, contractors have not given pourakarmikas proper bins to collect wet and dry waste separately,\" they said.The civic body has, however, claimed that three wards in Yelahanka zone achieved 100% segregation . \"Chowdeshwari, Jakkur and Kodigehalli wards recorded excellent response in terms of waste segregation. About 500kg of dry waste and 49 tonnes of mixed waste have been collected. We are trying to find out which households gave mixed waste and educate the residents ,\" said YM Ramachandramurthy , additional commissioner of Yelahanka zone.\"Garbage is now in huge demand . Contractors sold a truckload of 4-5 tonnes of wet waste for about Rs 5,000. Corporators in Yelahanka zone are interested in buying it, Yelahanka MLA SR Vishwanath bought five truckloads of waste for his garden,\" he claimed.Times viewThe meagre 20% success rate of the BBMP's garbage drive on the first day should make the civic body realize the drawbacks. The civic body should have ensured proper ground support in place before it pushed ahead with its plan. There is little awareness among the people and pourakarmikas. Many civic workers are neither trained nor properly equipped to collect wet waste in their pushcarts. Segregation at source is bound to catch on with the masses, but BBMP also needs a foolproof plan for disposal, with landfill villages rising in protest again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16648907", "title": "Stretch of highway near temple to be open for vehicles within fortnight", "text": "NASHIK: The stretch of the Mumbai-Agra national highway near Bali Mandir would be thrown open for traffic within a fortnight as the work of widening the highway has been taken up afresh after a standoff between the trustees and road authorities for several months was resolved.The work of road construction is in progress at the site of the original sabha mandap of Bali Mandir near Adgaon. While it may take a while to shift the temple to another place, the sabha mandap has been removed, making way for the construction. Officials of PNG informed that within a fortnight, the 10 to 20 meter path of road will be thrown open for vehicular traffic.The issue of shifting the Bali Mandir had been pending as part of the road widening project of the Mumbai-Agra Highway near Adgaon since long. The project had resulted in the temple coming in the way. Following protests on the Mumbai-bound lanes, the project had to be stopped.On July 2, a speeding car rammed into the temple, after which irate devotees blocked the highway for more than two hours. Subsequently, DCP Sahebrao Patil called a meeting of the members of the temple trust and officials of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), who are overseeing the project work by Ashoka Buildcon and L&T; on a Build Operate Transfer (BOT) basis. During the meeting, the construction companies agreed to bear the cost of the temple and expedite the work, while the temple trust decided to bear the cost of the sabha mandap. The sabha mandap was removed a few week backs making way for the construction of the highway on the remaining side.Earlier, motorists on the highway coming towards the city had to apply brakes near the temple to take sharp turns to bypass the temple.It took the July 2 accident to expedite the work of relocating the temple.Work on the new Bali Mandir is fast underway near Rasbihari International School, which is less than 200 meters away from the current spot of the temple. People fighting for the temple said that the new temple will be constructed on over 500 square yards. The new site is also on the road and passers-by on the highway can take darshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647597", "title": "Woman alleges rape after false marriage pledge", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old woman from Meerut has levelled allegations against a man for raping her at a hotel in Karol Bagh in central Delhi on pretext of marrying her. The accused has been identified as a 28-year-old manager of a private bank in Moradabad, UP. Police are trying to trace and arrest him.The woman told cops that she had met the accused on a matrimony website around a year ago. The accused had contacted her after checking out her profile and wanted to meet her. He had told her that his parents also wanted to meet her.After several rounds of conversation, the woman had agreed to meet him and came to Delhi around nine months ago. They checked into a hotel in Karol Bagh and established a physical relationship for two days. Later when she protested, he apologized and requested her not to reveal the incident to anyone. He promised to marry her at the earliest and went back to Moradabad.However, the woman alleged, since then he began to keep a distance and even his profile on social websites. He also changed his mobile number. The woman later found out that he had got married to another woman in Meerut on June 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646541", "title": "\u2018Battered\u2019 baby\u2019s parents leave Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the death of 3-month-old Aahuti Joshi, her parents left the city for their hometown in Gujarat on Tuesday. The parents are under a cloud of suspicion as her death seemed to be \"non-accidental\".The Borivli police on Tuesday recorded the statement of Aahuti's mother, Dharmishta, before she left Mumbai with her husband, Kalpesh. Cops said they will go ahead with the probe only after the final post-mortem report is communicated to them.Preliminary findings showed that the toddler had fractures on both sides of the skull, blood clots, rib fracture and vertebrae dislocation. Doctors and forensic experts of KEM Hospital have been categorical that an accidental fall cannot cause such serious injuries. The nature of her injuries was very serious, confirmed doctors at Shivani Medical Centre in Borivli, too, where Aahuti was taken before being shifted to KEM on September 23. One of the doctors of Shivani Medical Centre said that when Aahuti was brought there, they assumed she was dead. \"She was not breathing. We cleared her airways with artificial respiration and put her on oxygen support. The mother was crying inconsolably and the father looked visibly disturbed,\" the doctor said. \"But, it was clear that the child had suffered internal bleeding and fractures.\"In the statement given to police, the Joshis said they took Aahuti to the Shivani Medical Centre as she was suffering from fever and convulsions. Since the centre had a single ventilator, which was already occupied, doctors suggested that Aahuti be taken to another hospital.\"In the inquest panchnama conducted by us after Aahuti's death, there were no external injuries on her body. If hospital doctors find our panchnama to be lacking, they immediately call us up,\" said investigating officer Shashikant Ahire, adding, \"Aahuti's parents have informed us about their Gujarat trip.\"Ahuti's twin sister had died within 12 days of the birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648786", "title": "Kids celebrate Gandhi Jayanti, Grandparent's Day", "text": "BHOPAL: To honour grandparents, tiny toddlers of Kidszone, Delhi Public School (DPS) Bhopal celebrated 'Grandparent's Day' on September 29. In his inaugural address, Ajay K Sharma, principal, DPS Bhopal, made the children realize the importance of their grandparents. Keeping with the tradition of honoring the first guest for the day as the chief guest of the function, Uma Jain was the special guest of the evening. A cultural programme put up by the toddlers, was dedicated to the significant role played by the grandparents in molding a child's character. A skit, Combo Grandparents, depicting a child's quest for grandparents who could amalgamate the traditions of the old times with the trends of the modern one, made the audience aware of the expectations of the children. The 60-year-old grandparents matched their energy with 6 year old toddlers, as they enthusiastically participated in the games, exclusively, organized for them. They also shared their treasured and enriching experiences, gently motivating the younger ones to follow the right path. They also acknowledge the efforts put by the school for them. Vote of thanks was proposed by the head boy Rehad Chugh and the head girl Agrima Shukla.On the eve of Gandhi Jayanti, a special assembly was conducted by the tiny tots. The guest of honour was Nitin Ambaselkar, CAO DPS Bhopal-Indore. The programme commenced with a prayer that paid homage to the motherland, followed by a scripture imbued with patriotic fervour. A dance competition, depicting the various movements organized by Gandhi ji was fabulously presented by the young enthusiasts. A melodious rendition of 'Raghupati Raghav' set the right ambience for the day. Principal Ajay Sharma addressed the gathering and inspired the children to adopt the path of truth and non-violence.Pretty Petals: Pretty Petals School celebrated Gandhi Jayanti on the October 1. The tiny tots dressed up as the Mahatma and paid tribute to him. They also pledged to follow the path of 'satya' and 'ahimsa'. On the occasion some children also dressed as Lal Bahadur Shastri and raised his slogan 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16649051", "title": "Start mining quickly, say Bicholim MLA and truckers", "text": "BICHOLIM: The truck owners association of Bicholim has vociferously demanded restarting of mining activities in order to streamline the economic crisis created by its stopping.The association has also demanded chief minister Manohar Parrikar follow-up on the issue and take a decision in the interest of the people. The association has also called for a Bicholim bandh on Friday to support their demands.The members of the association, including president Bonec Dias, Satish Gaonkar, Vismai Prabhudesai, Ramnath Naik, Avdhut Parab, Peter Fernendes, Govind Karmalrkar, Bhivanand Mandrekar and others, have called upon the people to extend their whole-hearted support to the bandh.Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal has also extended his support to the association and has called upon the public to support the cause. In his statement, he stated that about 90 % of the Bicholim economy is dependent upon mining, and the decision of the state government it has affected all segments. He has hence requested the central and state governments not to prolong the issue and settle it quickly in the interest of the people.He also raised a query regarding the employment of about 400 workers who are now unemployed due to this crisis. Under such circumstances, mining activities need to be started as early as possible, said the MLA.A truck owner, Satish Gaonkar, said that there are about 1,000 truck owners along with other allied business entrepreneurs who indirectly are dependent upon mining, and have been affected due to this crisis.The association also submitted a Memorandum to the Bicholim MLA demanding to look into the matter and solve the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647506", "title": "Swargate bus depot likely to get CNG station", "text": "PUNE: If things go as per plan, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) will run buses on CNG from the Swargate bus depot in near future.The state transport corporation is working on a proposal to start a CNG refilling station at Swargate. The move will enable MSRTC to run CNG buses within the periphery of 200 km from Pune.The MSRTC conducted a preliminary survey regarding the proposal.It is now with the head office for further approval.The MSRTC has faced sharp criticism from passengers and commuter groups after it revised fares twice in last two months citing increase in diesel price. Commuters have pointed out that the transport body needed to opt for alternative fuels like CNG, to counter the issue. Passengers cannot afford frequent hikes in bus fares; hence the MSRTC should look for alternatives, said commuters.The MSRTC introduced CNG-run buses in 2009. At present CNG buses are running on some routes in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Panvel areas of Mumbai division. There is a plan to increase use of CNG at other places in a phased manner.\"If a majority of Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPML) buses in Pune run on CNG, why can't the MSRTC follow the same path?\" asked Bhavesh Shah, a frequent traveler.An MSRTC official from Pune division said that though preliminary survey has already been done, not much development has taken place in the last six months on the proposal. \"We are waiting for communication from the head office as to when the project can be implemented,\" said the official.Swargate is the busiest terminus among the four including Shivajinagar, Pune station and Pimpri. About 1,700 buses operate every day including some from other states. The MSRTC officials here said that there was enough space available at the Swargate bus depot to start a CNG station. Initially, there is a plan to introduce CNG-operated buses within a radius of 200 to 250 km.Baba Shinde, former RTA member, said that use of CNG in public transportation including city buses and autorickshaws has increased significantly in the last two years. Over 15,000 autos have been fitted with CNG kits. Shinde, however, expressed a need to increase CNG supply in the city.BOXLCD screens in ShivneriThe MSRTC has floated tenders to install LCD in its Shivneri (air-conditioned) buses to display soundless advertisements. The MSRTC has about 100 Shivneri buses in its fleet. The period for advertisement contract is for three years. The buses run on Pune-Mumbai, Pune-Aurangabad, Pune-Sangli and Pune-Nashik routes on daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647567", "title": "MPs write to PM over AIIMS selection", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several MPs have taken the issue of alleged caste-based discrimination in faculty selection and admission to various courses at AIIMS to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . In a letter to the PM, they have demanded that All India Institute of Medical Sciences administration should be asked to explain its stand on issues pertaining to implementation of reservation rules.TOI has a copy of the letter written by Bihar MP Mangani Lal Mandal and signed by 54 MPs from various political parties. It claims that there is under-representation of SC/ST/OBC in the faculty as \"many reserved category candidates are declared unsuitable\".The fact that many students from the reserved community have had to approach the judiciary or the SC/ST commission to claim their rights has also been mentioned. \"There have been several instances in the past where the students have had to approach the SC/ST commission or the judiciary to get justice,\" said one of the MPs.Recently, Anil Kumar Meena, a first-year MBBS student of the institute and son of a tribal farmer from Baran district in Rajasthan, committed suicide allegedly because he could not cope up with the academic pressure. Meena's friends claimed there was a lack of support from the faculty and administrative staff to help students from poor families deal with communication problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651546", "title": "Hanuman.com\u2019s makers in trouble", "text": "As if shooting in Iceland wasn't expensive enough, breaking the ice with a group of technicians back home burnt a deeper hole in the pocket of Hanuman.com's makers. On Monday, the producer had to pay a hefty sum of 1.25 lakh to the Technicians' Guild, following a notice slapped by the guild, along with the Eastern India Motion Pictures Association (EIMPA), for violating certain guidelines.The story goes that the unit had not taken with it the required number of technicians from Tollywood as per the prevalent guidelines. Krishana Daga, chairman, producers' section, EIMPA, said, \"If a unit goes abroad to shoot song sequences then 11 technicians are supposed to be part of the team. If it shoots a few scenes there, then the number goes up. One technician from each guild needs to be taken along and there are 24 such guilds. Prosenjit Chatterjee's makeup artist had gone to Iceland. The hairdresser, we've heard, couldn't make it because of visa issues. He was paid later. Following a complaint by the Technicians' Guild, we brought the matter to the producer's notice. He had to pay and he has done that. Next time, if such a thing happens, even the technicians who violate our guidelines will have to cough up money.\" Shooting, added Daga, was not stalled because of the impasse.When TOI got in touch with Namit Bajoria, producer of Hanuman.com , he said that the matter has now been amicably settled. \"I'm new in this industry and didn't know about the guidelines. I've heard that we were supposed to take with us a few technicians \u2014 I'm still not aware of the exact number \u2014 but I've already paid the fine against the notice slapped by EIMPA and the Technicians' Guild.\"Director Gaurav Pandey, however, is livid. Calling it a 'production issue', he elaborated, \"We haven't cheated anyone, we haven't made people work for free. My right to work in this industry doesn't depend on anything else but my own drive. I need to pay to make a better film. That's what we all have been trying. This is a hugely populated as well as an unorganized industry. While I understand the need to have unions, which is to save people from exploitation, I do not understand why it should turn into a money-extracting machine!\"The filmmaker, who is currently shooting in Kolkata, added, \"If there's a rule, why barter it for money? If a Bengali film has entirely been shot abroad, then technicians here can have an issue. I too do not encourage such a trend. But here, we are into the Kolkata chapter and I have a 100-member unit. It's one of the biggest units possible and no one can complain of not getting paid. Then, where's the problem?\"From invasion of technology to technical invasion, Hanuman.com, it seems, has come a full circle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16648084", "title": "Sattriya festival to instil spirit of ethos", "text": "GUWAHATI: In view of the recent spate of violence engulfing Assam, Auniati Sattra on Tuesday announced the commencement of a colourful and spiritual Sattriya festival commencing in December in order to instill the spirit of Vaishnavite ethos and culture amongst people.Auniati Sattra, a north-Guwahati based Sattra, will be organizing the festival which will be aiming to create an awareness about the different aspects and traits of Vaishnavite culture amongst the young generation especially in the context of the growing changes in the moral, social, religious, political and economic outlook of the people.The festival will begin on December 28 and will continue till December 30. It will highlight the different forms of 'naam' (hymns), 'bhaona' (a dramatic art form) and other spiritual and cultural songs and dances from the other states in the northeast region. The festival has also been planned to usher in a spirit of unification amongst the various people of the state.\"In view of the recent spate of violence in the state, there is a need for the propagation of Sankaradeva's teachings and philosophies. Culture and tradition can contribute towards the removal of social malaise and ills in the society. The new generation should take cues from Vaishnavite and Sattriya cultural ethos. Now-a-days, it is being seen that many opposite things to Sattriya and Vaishnavite aspects have been gaining ground, and through the festival an attempt will be made to bring about a change,\" said Pitambar Dev Goswami, head of Auniati Sattra.There are around 900 Sattras in Assam and 500 Sattras are in full adherence to the principles of Vaishnavite sect as propagated by Srimanta Sankardeva. With 14 Sattra branches spreading across the state, the north Guwahati-based Auniati Sattra is the main branch in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16648067", "title": "DJs in Mysore look to alternative profession", "text": "MYSORE: Many young Mysoreans, who dreamt of making it big as a disc jockey, are having second thoughts now, thanks to constant raids on night clubs which is affecting the party scene.DJs who intended to make a career out of deejaying are at the cross roads now. Some of them have already moved to Bangalore in search of greener pastures.Mysore has around15-20 DJs, earning in thousands depending on their experience. DJ Aasim, who is into deejaying for the past four years, said that they have been finding it difficult to earn well from the past three months. \"The prevailing situation is not favourable for DJs. We want nightlife to flourish in Mysore,\" he added.DJ Freddy was a resident DJ at one of the night clubs here before it was demolished. \"It's difficult to make ends meet if we solely depend on deejaying. Night club activities have come to a halt due to a series of raids. We have to look for alternative profession suiting our profile,\" Freddy said, and added that he is searching for a job in a private company.But Aasim sounded firm when he said that deejaying remains his main job even if he does other jobs. \"There is no hope for us. Also, there is stiff competition among the DJs. Senior DJs are paid in Rs 5,000-8,000 range, while some others play for even meager amount,\" says Aasim.Explaining what made him to shift to Bangalore recently, DJ Edison said many night clubs in Mysore have shut down, prompting many of his ilk to relocate to Bangalore. Also, pay is less here compared to Bangalore. \"I hope things will improve in Mysore in the near future,\" he says.DJ Pavaka, besides being one of the oldest DJs in Mysore, also teaches music production. \"There is nothing wrong in opting for other profession. It is sad that some DJs are looking for other professions because of bleak party scene here. Police stopping noon gigs - which used to have under-aged crowd in audience -- is fine. But I won't support the raids on night parties which help people unwind after hectic work,\" says Pavaka, who has played in various cities like Chennai and Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16648988", "title": "Fake I-T email defrauds man of Rs 28,375", "text": "PONDA: A man who thought he had filled his income tax form, as requested through an e-mail, hardly suspected he would be defrauded of his money in his bank account.He realized only on Monday that 28,375 had been withdrawn by an unknown person from his bank account.V Mariappa, a native of Kerala residing in Ponda, has lodged a complaint with Ponda police on the same.The email which was purportedly from the I-T department, had requested him to fill the form and submit.A complaint has been registered under IPC Section 420 and 66 (a,c,d) of the Information Technology Act, 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648750", "title": "Engineering student abducted, released after ransom payment", "text": "BHOPAL: In a plot reminiscent of a Bollywood potboiler, an engineering student was abducted in his car, beaten, confined in a house and later released after payment of ransom. One of the abductors happened to be a student of the same private college.The incident took place on September 30 and a complaint in this regard was registered with the Piplani police station. Police said complainant, Anurag Mishra, 23, who hailed from Uttar Pradesh, is a final year student of a private engineering college here.He was allegedly abducted by Mohit Baghel, a student of the same college, and his four accomplices two of whom were identified as Himanshu and Shanu also students of the same engineering college. Police said the accused and complainant knew each other very well and on the day of incident, Baghel called up Mishra and asked him to meet him on which Mishra asked him to come over to a tea stall where he was sitting.Baghel reached the tea stall along with five others and sat in Mishra's Ford Ikon car. After a brief discussion, the accused and his friends started beating Mishra in his the car and later forced him to a house near the Ayodhya bypass and confined him there.The accused and his accomplices beat up Mishra and demanded a share of the money he was making as commission by getting students admitted to the different colleges. They initially demanded Rs 50,000.When Mishra told his abductors that he had no money with him, they asked him to call up his friends and request them to arrange for the money. Mishra then called two of his friends, Ranjan and Ankit for money, the police addedLater, the accused directed Ranjan and Ankit to hand over the money to a man wearing a black shirt on a black bike. The two arranged for Rs 15,000 and handed over the money to the person as directed.Police said the person who had come to collect the cash called the accused and confirmed receipt of the money after which Mishra was released. He approached the police and got registered a case.Rivalry and monetary considerations were said to be the reason for the abduction of the student. Mishra, apart from being a student was into broking business and got students for admission to the private colleges for which he was paid Rs 15,000 per case.Baghel was aware of it and wanted easy money by terrorizing Mishra. Regarding Mishra's background, the police said so far they could just ascertain that he hails from Uttar Pradesh. The Ford Ikon car- MH06-J-4662 belongs to him.Efforts remain underway to nab accused who are on the run, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16646549", "title": "HC seeks Centre reply on cadaver donation policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has asked the Centre to apprise it of the policy on organs harvested from cadavers. The government has also been asked to inform the court whether the information on organ donation and swapping is available on the official website.\"Director General of Health Services is supposed to file an affidavit before the court on the policy which has been put in place by the the ministry of health and family welfare with regard to organs harvested from cadavers,\" Justice Rajiv Shakdher said in an order on Monday.\"The affidavit will also disclose whether information with regard to swapping requests and donation of organs from cadavers is uploaded on official website...there is an urgent need to inculcate complete transparency, accountability and general awareness in the citizenry at large by the state\", the court added, giving the Centre a week's time to file the affidavit.HC gave the direction while dismissing the plea of Agra resident Pawan Anand who had sought the court's permission for liver transplant of his ailing mother with the organ donated by a close family friend. The organ donation by a person, who is not a \"near relative\" of the recipient, cannot be allowed if a relationship of \"love, affection and attachment\" is not established, HC clarified.Citing provisions of the Transplantation of Human Organs and Tissues Act, Justice Shakdher said the Act \"permits donation by a person, other than a 'near relative', for reasons of affection or attachment towards a recipient...\"prohibits \"commercial dealings\" of human organs and there \"will rarely be a direct evidence with regard to commercial dealings\" which have to be inferred from the facts in each case.Anand, in his petition, had challenged Director General of Health Services' refusal to allow liver donation for his ailing mother by his family friend. Pawan's 62-year-old mother, suffering from liver cirrhosis, had been advised urgent liver transplantation and had sought the sanction under the Act to receive the organ from Gulab Devi, 42, stated to be a family friend who was a tenant in her premises at Agra.The authorization committee at Apollo Hospital, after an inquiry, denied permission saying \"there was no reciprocal relationship between recipient and the donor and there appears to be an 'association of master and caretaker' between the two and there was gross financial disparity between them.\"The DGHS too had upheld the decision of the committee. The petition was filed in the high court against the decisions arrived at by the authorities below. Anand had alleged that the willing donor, in her affidavit made it clear she knew the recipient family since 1983 and their relationship is like a mother and her daughter.\"One cannot find fault with the conclusion of the authorities below that the offer of donation of a part of her liver by petitioner number 2, ie, the donor is not propelled by love and affection,\" Justice Shakdher said.The court, however, made it clear that dismissal of Urmila's plea would not come in the way if she enters into a \"swapping transaction with relatives of similarly circumstanced families of patients who are willing to donate a part of their liver which matches the blood group of the recipient in the present case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16647759", "title": "Lone accident victim was on special duty", "text": "BELGAUM: A railway employee from Suladal, who was on special duty at Belgaum Railway Station, lost his life in the Hubli-Miraj passenger train derailment between Suleebavi and Suladal Station on Monday. His body was traced at 1.30 am on Tuesday. Minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa, who inspected the accident site on Tuesday morning, assured railway job and ex-gratia of Rs 5 lakh for the family members. District in-charge minister Umesh Katti too sanctioned Rs 1 lakh for the victim's family.Muniyappa was to flag off the newly introduced Miraj-Yeshwanthpur train at Belgaum Railway station on October 2 at 11.30am. Therefore, to make arrangements, railway officials summoned some of the employees to Belgaum station. Hemanth Parashuram Kuppanavar (40), who works at Suladal railway station, was one among them. For the past two days Hemanth used to leave home in the morning and arrive at Belgaum railway station. After work he used to return home in the evening Hubli-Miraj passenger train. The accident occurred on the last day of his special duty on Monday just 5km ahead of Suladal station. He was the lone breadwinner of his family. He leaves behind his wife and two daughters aged 12 and 10 years. After post-mortem, the body was handed over to his family members and was buried at a farm. Hemanth was residing near Suladal Railway Station.\"For the past two days he was returning in the same train. After the accident, we tried to call him but his phone was switched off. My friends and relatives went to the accident site and searched for my uncle but we couldn't find him. The rescue people told to us to go to civil and other hospitals where the injured have been admitted. There also we couldn't trace our uncle. At 1am we received a call from police informing about the tragedy,\" added Hemanth's nephew Balakrishna, who is also a railway employee.Apart from a railway official who handed over Rs 10,000, which is common in any railway employee's death, no officials from railways or MLAs or ministers visited the victim's house. He was the only victim who died in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16649417", "title": "Ahmedabad's 1st girls' college to go under hammer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What was once the landmark for girls' education in the city, will soon go under the hammer. BD College of Arts and Home Science at Sankdi Sheri in walled city - one of the first girls' colleges in the city - is up for sale.The news has left several heritage enthusiasts worrying over the future of the ancient building. Residents in Sankdi Sheri say that a number of small-time developers, who have participated in the bidding process, plan to convert the building into a shopping complex.Auction of the building will be conducted on October 10 by Ahmedabad's charity commissioner. The college campus is spread over a 1,100 square yard plot while its building stands on just 33 square yards.Sakarlal Balabhai, a powerful textile mill owner who was the proprietor of Sarangpur cotton mill manufacturing company, owned this property in Sankdi Sheri.Sakarlal built this campus in 1927 and in 1956 he laid foundation of this girls' college. Thirty years later, Gujarat Law Society (GLS) took over the college administration after buying the property.Sakarlal along with two other textile mill barons - Kasturbhai Lalbhai and Ambalal Sarabhai - had actively participated in the Swadeshi movement between 1928 and 1930. Together all three were part of the Swadeshi Sabha, which boycotted use of British yarn in their mills.Executive vice-president of GLS, Sudhir Nanavati, claims that the property now has a base price of Rs 9 crore. \"The college building is 85 years old and was bought by GLS from Sakarlal Balabhai Trust in 1986 for Rs 42 lakh. Parking was a huge problem for the college as no less than 650 students studied there. The college administration and students recently shifted to a new campus in Lal Darwaza because of congestion issues,\" says Nanavati. Sources claim that nearly six local developers have bidded for the building. They plan to construct shops inside the building and sell them. \"This plan would obviously mean demolition of the building. The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) had recently passed two notifications informing that it would be mandatory for any owner to seek permissions for repair or renovation activity at any building within the walled city limits,\" says a resident of Sankdi Sheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648608", "title": "Fratricide: Aman\u2019s body yet to be found", "text": "LUDHIANA: Cops failed to recover the body of Aman Kapoor till Tuesday afternoon. However, they clarified that the search would continue. Aman was allegedly killed by his cousin Raman Kapoor, who is a resident of Daba. Police sources said the accused has admitted to disposing of Aman's body in a canal near Kaind village.Division no 5 SHO Nirmal Singh said, \"Search is still on to recover Aman's body. We have already searched the canal till Gangsar Jaito of Faridkot and now plan to move towards Abohar.\"Aman Kapoor, 29, was allegedly killed by his cousin Raman Kapoor on late Sunday evening. Sources said he was stabbed near the canal. Raman's friend Sher Singh, a resident of Shimlapuri, was his accomplice in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16648842", "title": "Terrorist 'killed' by cops returns as drug dealer", "text": "JALANDHAR: Twenty years ago, Punjab police declared him 'dead' but allowed him to 'live'. Two decades later, he surfaced in New Delhi as a drug dealer. Terrorist-turned-drug lord Sukhwinder Singh alias Sukhi's tale is a good example of a police plot gone awry.Sukhi, a dreaded terrorist of the Khalistan Commando Force, who was arrested by Delhi police on September 26 at Jaisalmer in Rajasthan, was a 'Punjab police cat,' a sobriquet for former militants who were used as informers and later rehabilitated by senior police officials under a clandestine, illegal and informal policy with an apparent approval from the political establishment.Sukhi had been enjoying the patronage of Punjab police ever since he was 'killed' in an 'encounter' 'staged' by Punjab police in 1992 to help him live under an assumed identity.But the lid was blown by media in 2006 when newspapers carried reports that he had taken up a new identity of Harjit Singh Kahlon and was living in Jalandhar, running a travel agency.Following this expose, the then Punjab police DGP S S Virk, who is retired now, not only had openly admitted at a press conference that Sukhi was rehabilitated but he had also disclosed that there were 300 such 'informers'.In 2007, the vigilance bureau, headed then by present Punjab DGP Sumedh Singh Saini, registered a case against Virk for assets disproportionate to his known source of income and arrested him from Delhi. Virk was also accused of harbouring a criminal, Sukhi, in the FIR.However, Sukhi managed to give cops the slip on September 9, 2007 a few minutes before the vigilance team landed at his home to nab him.Apart from other things, the team had recovered from his house an outer cover of a US-made bullet-proof jacket, two mobile phones, around 20 credit cards issued in his and his wife's names. Sukhi's son was just two months old at that time. Sukhi's travel agency was registered in the name of a police head constable Tarwinder Singh.Three days after his escape, the vigilance bureau had issued a written statement claiming that Sukhi was running an extortion business and even influencing police officials due to his links in the department.However, Punjab police went soft on the issue of Sukhi being harboured by Virk after the terrorist threatened on September 14, 2007 that if the vigilance continued hounding him, he would expose other police officials who had harboured informers.\"I don't want to disclose the closely guarded identities of other persons like me but vigilance bureau's false framing up of me for using me as a tool against Virk is pushing me into a state where I shall have to divulge the role of other police officials in harbouring other cats,\" Sukhi had told TOI over phone from an undisclosed place on September 14, 2007.Sukhi had said that only Virk and he were being targeted. Sukhi had also threatened that he would reveal that how many of such informers were sheltered by cops and how the cops did it.Sukhi still has terrorism related cases pending against him. Delhi police's special cell caught Sukhi in Jaisalmer while searching for Raja Kandola, who controlled the supply of synthetic drugs in north India and had escaped from police custody at the Ludhiana railway station last week.Special cell officers said Sukhi sourced ephedrine from Pakistan and Afghanistan and was its main supplier to Kandola, who converted it into the rave party drug ICE and sold it to clients in Delhi and Mumbai.CHEQUERED PAST1992: Punjab police declare Sukhi killed in an \"encounter\"February, 2006: Sukhi's cover blown following media reports that he was living as Harjit Singh Kahlon in JalandarJanuary 17, 2007: During election time, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal alleges that DGP S S Virk is using police informers like Sukhi to vitiate atmosphere in the state and complains to Election Commission. Sukhi in an open letter says he was influenced by Badal's statements during and after Operation BlueStar and joined militancyJune 1, 2007: Jalandhar police book Sukhi on a complaint of regional passport officer for submitting forged certificates to get a passport in the name of Harjit Singh KahlonSept 9, 2007: Vigilance bureau raids his home after Virk was arrested in Delhi; Sukhi gives cops the slipSept 10, 2007: Sukhi demands action against other senior cops who helped terroristsSept 12, 2007: The vigilance bureau gives details about Sukhi, says he is running an extortion racketSept 14, 2007: Sukhi threatens to expose other senior police officialsSeptember 26, 2012: Delhi police arrest Sukhi with drug lord Raja Kandhola", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652382", "title": "Ayaz Ahmed Out; Param Singh in Parvarrish", "text": "TOI.com exclusively reported about Sony TV's Parvarrish....Kuch Khatti Kuch Meethi introducing a new Punjabi family, which will comprise of actors like Ayaz Ahmed, Ashish Kaul, Delnaaz Irani to essay prominent roles.  But the latest development is that before the makers (DJ A creative Unit) would start the shoot, some changes with the cast took place. According to the changes, the character of Udi which was earlier bagged by Ayaz will now be played by Param Singh.Param Singh is a new actor who has done few commercials before. If sources are to be believed than Ayaz's unprofessional behavior is the reason for this change.When contacted, Param Singh states, \"I have started shooting for the show and the plot will go on the floors by next week.\"While Ayaz too confirmed, \"I was about to do the show but right now I am not doing Parvarish.\"Well, these changes keep on happening in our TV world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648632", "title": "Apna Ghar accused used phone in custody", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Jaswanti Devi, the prime accused in Rohtak's Apna Ghar sexual abuse case, had used a cell phone while she was in 14-day police custody in May, the CBI investigations have revelations. The agency has sent the phone for forensic examination and retrieving the data available and deleted from it.CBI's special crime branch ASP Satish Dagar filed a status report of the investigation mentioning Devi's cell phone use in jail before the special CBI judge in Panchkula recently while seeking extension of judicial remand of other three accused \u2014 Harvinder Singh, Dayanand and Bhim Singh Ranga. Harvinder and Dayanand were employees of Apna Ghar while Ranga, a sub inspector, was initially the investigation officer in the case. Dagar told the court that the mobile phone that Devi had used in custody was recovered from Harvinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16648615", "title": "Crack the whip", "text": "Some autorickshaw drivers seem to be back to their unscrupulous worst. The time has come for the government to take a fresh look at its carrot-and-stick policy of giving fare hikes and also making penal measures (for violation of rules) more stringent. What always happens is that the fare hikes come into immediate effect; the penal measures often stay on paper. The government, before agreeing to fare hikes, should extract some written commitment from unions, which champion drivers' causes, that the drivers would honour their share of the deal. Commuters don't ask for much; no refusal, no tampering of meters and no fleecing would be enough to make them happy.Related story : Auto fare hike not official yet, but drivers start charging more", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16647131", "title": "Govandi march turns glare on slum garbage", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 500 school and college students, volunteers of NGOs, writers and government officers took out a march in the sprawling slum of Govandi on Tuesday. As part of the celebrations of Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary, the \" Govandi march\" highlighted the health-related issues in the area because of the tonnes of garbage dumped there every day.Organized by the Dharam Bharathi Mission (DBM), a socio-educational organization, the march began at Gyan Sampada High School and after covering a distance of over one km ended at the old bus depot in Govandi. Theatre director Mujeeb Khan's street play against dumping garbage was part of the programme. As the march progressed past puddles and choked traffic, many locals saw with amazement the \"angels\" who had descended on their long-neglected land. Holding placards, the participants also took a pledge to take out a peace rally every year on October 2 till Govandi is made garbage-free.\"To commemorate the Mahatma we normally sing bhajans on his birthday. But the rally is aimed at creating awareness among the people about Gandhiji's message about cleanliness,\" said Paramjeet Singh, DBM's national president. DBM's founder Swami Satchidanand Bharathi flagged off the march. Income tax officer and Hindi writer R K Paliwal said, \"In 1932 Gandhiji shook the British empire with his famous Dandi March. Today we want to shake the conscience of the citizens and draw their attention to the pathetic conditions in Govandi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647728", "title": "Flight attendant dies in joy ride accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old Kingfisher Airlines flight attendant was on Tuesday killed in a freak accident at an amusement park in Chembarambakkam, around 25km from here.An investigating officer said F Afia Magh, from Kohima in Nagaland, died after taking a 'octopus ride' \u2014 in which people are seated in rotating cars at the end of five giant metallic arms that revolve around a central axis \u2014 at EVP Amusement Park around 12 noon.Eyewitnesses told police that Magh released her safety belt before the ride ended. She fell out of her car and, as she picked herself off the ground, was scythed by a giant arm of the apparatus. Magh suffered severe head injuries and doctors declared her dead on arrival when she was rushed to a hospital nearby.Police arrested three employees of the park and registered a case against them under Section 304 (ii) of the Indian Penal Code for causing death by negligence.Eyewitnesses said Magh appeared to lose her balance after she released her safety belt. \"Magh fell from the car when it started to spin towards the end of the ride,\" he said. \"She tried to stand up and an arm of the machine smashed into her head.\"This is the second serious accident at EVP Amusement Park in less than six months. A 25-year-old entrepreneur, Richa Shah, suffered multiple fractures when she fell off a joyride at the park on April 5.\"Afia Magh stayed in a rented house in Ramavaram with a few friends from her hometown,\" the officer said. \"She visited the amusement park with 10 friends on Tuesday morning. They were enjoying themselves, taking various joyrides, before the accident took place.\"Police informed Magh's father Faizul Magh about her death. Relatives and family members will arrive in the city on Wednesday.Managers of the amusement park said employees follow safety protocol and suggested that Magh was responsible for the accident.\"The octopus ride has a hydraulic mechanism. People taking the ride are secured with a safety belt and are advised not to unfasten it till the ride ends,\" a senior official of the amusement park said. He added that employees usually release the safety belt and help the visitors alight from the cars, but Magh removed her safety belt while the machine was still moving.However, investigating officers said they will check if the park follows safety precautions. They will consult an expert to determine the cause of the accident. \"We have statements from eyewitnesses and the amusement park employees' version of what happened,\" Ambattur deputy commissioner of police D Magesh Kumar told TOI.Nazarathpet police arrested the operator of the ride, C Williams, his assistant B Ashok and amusement park maintenance manager P Raghu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16648487", "title": "Flood situation in Arunachal Pradesh improves", "text": "ITANAGAR: Flood-hit Lohit district is limping back to normal following an improvement in the weather.The Tezu-Namsai road via Parsuram Kund, which had remained cut off for the past many days due to the recent torrential rain , was re-opened exclusively for light motor vehicles and two wheelers on Monday, official sources said here on Tuesday.However, vehicular movement along the road has been restricted from 8am to 1pm for maintenance work.Deputy commissioner R K Sharma has appealed to people not to cross the blocked portions of the road during working hours as mentioned.In Lower Dibang Valley, deputy commissioner Garima Gupta inspected the flood-hit areas and took stock of damaged roads, culverts and bridges along Abali, old Abali and Kebang village road on Monday.The DC instructed RWD executive engineers to restore f road communication promptly by repairing the entire damaged culvert at 10.03km point from NH 52 and the approach road near Kabang village.Responding to the public plea, she also inspected the damaged steel bridge between Abali and old Abali road and directed the RWD department to construct a diversion road at the earliest.Efforts are also on to restore drinking water, electricity supply and restore road connectivity to all villages of the district, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16647724", "title": "Minister flags off new tri-weekly train to Yeshwantpur", "text": "BELGAUM: KH Muniyappa, Union minister of state for railways, flagged-off a new tri-weekly special train between Miraj-Yashwantpur here on Tuesday, on the eve of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti. It was a long pending demand of Belgaum people for an additional train to Yeshwantpur.The special train will depart from Yeshwantpur at 20-40 hours on Sundays, Tuesdays and Thursdays and reach Miraj station at 10-15 hours on the next day. In the return direction, it will depart from Miraj at 16-45 hours on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays and reach Yashwantpur at 6-10 hours on the next day. Train has stops at Tumkur, Arasikere, Davanagere, Hubli, Dharwad, Belgaum and Ghataprabha stations.Muniyappa promised another stoppage at Kudachi station in Raibag taluk following public demand. The special train is having total 15 coaches consisting one AC 2-tier coach, one 3-tier coach, seven second class sleeper coaches, four general second class coaches and two second class cum luggage cum brake vans. Chikkodi-Sadalaga MLA Prakash Hukkeri demanded minister Muniyappa to run the train on a daily basis. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647362", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation seeks security for demolition drive", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has asked the police department to provide security for its drive to demolish unauthorized constructions. The drive, which was suspended during the Ganesh festival, is likely to begin this week.The municipal corporation has sent letters to the city as well as the rural police for providing police security. Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said that the civic body will be able to conduct the demolition drive only if there is adequate police security.In the last four months, the civic body has demolished 92 constructions, and filed criminal complaints against 202 owners of unauthorized constructions. Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi is on leave for two months but has made it clear that the drive will continue. There are over 1.1 lakh unauthorized constructions in Pimpri-Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647566", "title": "Slow land acquisition a threat to border security", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when security along the India-Bangladesh border is a major cause of concern for the country, the Border Security Force (BSF) in Bengal is feeling the pressure of not being able to set up border outposts and battalion headquarters sanctioned long back because the state government has slowed down land acquisition.At a director-general level meeting of the BSF and its Bangladeshi counterpart, Border Guards, held between September 25 and 29 at Dhaka, officials pointed out the immediate need to set up the sanctioned outposts along the West Bengal border.Representatives of BSF (east) were also present at the meeting. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will soon be briefed about the need for immediate land acquisition along the border to set up the outposts. Incidentally, Union minister of state for home affairs, Jitendra Singh , had met Mamata on September 13 and requested her to expedite land acquisition for the BSF.According to records available at the BSF headquarters (East), at least 113 border outposts and four battalion headquarters are waiting to be built in the most critical parts of the Bengal-Bangladesh border. Senior officers of BSF (east) said that the impasse has been continuing for nearly three years now and repeated requests have been made to both the previous and present state governments to solve the problem.The state shares a 2216km border with Bangladesh across 10 districts. The stalemate over land acquisition is also preventing the BSF from fencing the border. At least 259 km of the border is yet to be fenced.Again, though the BSF has been able to install floodlights along borders elsewhere, at least 664km of the Bengal-Bangladesh border is still in darkness because the state power department has not electrified poles the BSF set up quite sometime back.\"Crimes like human trafficking, illegal migration, cattle smuggling and smuggling of fake Indian currency along the Bengal border has posed a huge security concern. Lack of outposts makes it difficult to patrol the entire length of the border. Taking advantage of the absence of outposts and floodlights, criminals regularly cut out portions of fences, making smuggling easy,\" said BD Sharma, additional director-general, BSF.According to the BSF, criminals have cut open fences along the Bengal border about 1,067 times between January and August.Sources in the BSF said they are ready to acquire land at the market price and has communicated that to the state government. The Mamata Banerjee government recently sanctioned land for 32 outposts which enthused the BSF here. But, thereafter, there has been a complete lull. These 32 outposts are spread over the districts of Nadia, South and North Dinajpur, Malda, Darjeeling, Jalpaiguri and South 24-Parganas. Complete payment for all the 32 outposts has already been made by the BSF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16650332", "title": "BJP, JD(U) prepare for all Lok Sabha seats in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Keeping options open in case of the last-minute break-up, both the BJP and the JD(U) in Bihar have started preparing to contest all 40 Lok Sabha seats separately.\"While discussing our future programme in Bihar, I had informed the national executive committee at its Surajkund meeting recently that taking into the account all possibilities, the state BJP is preparing to contest all 40 seats in next parliamentary elections,\" BJP's state president C P Thakur told TOI here on Tuesday.\"One should always be prepared for any eventuality,\" he said. However, he categorically denied any chance of break-up in the BJP-JD(U) alliance in Bihar at this Juncture. \"Our alliance with the JD(U) is intact,\" he said.When asked if the alliance is intact in Bihar why the BJP is preparing for all 40 seats, Thakur said, \"The preparation is necessary also because the two parties may exchange a few seats just before the elections.\"However, a senior BJP leader, who didn't want to be identified, admitted to TOI that the party was preparing for all the 40 seats keeping in mind all the possibilities, even of the JD(U) deciding to sever ties with the saffron party.The JD(U) national spokesperson, Shivanand Tiwari, however, was not amazed at Thakur's statement.\"If Thakur has said that the BJP is preparing for all 40 seats, the JD(U), too, is making its preparations to contest all seats. There is nothing wrong in it. Political parties make such preparations keeping in mind any eventuality.\"He said the JD(U)'s preparation was mainly because \"the party does not want to be caught unaware in case our ally decides to sever ties with us.\"Tiwari said, \"In politics, it is always wise to be prepared for all seats. Nobody knows what is in store.\"He, too, ruled out any possibility of break-up in the alliance. \"At present, there is no tension, no irritant and no issue between us which may lead to break-up in the alliance,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16646540", "title": "2 get life term for kidnapping DDA official", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced two persons to life imprisonment for kidnapping a suspended DDA employee in 2000 for a ransom of Rs 2 crore.Additional sessions judge Kaveri Baweja held guilty Uttar Pradesh native Aleem Khan alias Karan Singh and Mumbai resident Krishan Shankar Bakde while acquitting nine others in the case. Three other accused had died during pendency of the case.The court found Aleem guilty of kidnapping the DDA official, M C Mahajan, after barging into his house on November 23, 2000 night for a ransom of Rs 2 crore. The court also concluded that though it could not be proved that Shankar had also trespassed into the house, it held that he was identified as the one who kept a watch on Mahajan in his captivity.\"The allegations against above named convicts (Aleem and Shankar) have been proved beyond reasonable doubt,\" said the court terming the offences committed by them as grave and sentencing them to life imprisonment with a fine of Rs 10,000 and Rs 5,000 respectively.The prosecution case was that on November 23, 2000 at about 10.30 pm, when Mahajan's wife and daughter had gone out for a walk after dinner, Aleem entered the house armed with a pistol and kidnapped Mahajan with the help of four or five other persons and left in a car.On the way, they blindfolded Mahajan and shifted him into another car and took him to Rajinder Nagar in central Delhi, where they confined him in a room for three days and also beat him up. They also made a call to his house demanding Rs 2 crore as ransom for his release.Mahajan said he could hear voices of seven to eight persons in the room but could not see them as he was blindfolded. He said he was beaten up with iron rods due to which he remained unconscious for a week during which he was again brought back to the same room in Rajinder Nagar.The court acquitted nine others in the case saying \"in the light of the deposition of the victim that during his entire period of captivity, he was wearing blindfolds and could not see anyone, the case of prosecution against rest of the accused persons also does not stand proved on record.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647666", "title": "Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited to alter final phase plan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Soon after state assembly elections to be held towards the end of this year, the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) may completely alter the third phase of the BRTS network in the city. The board members of AJL are for taking immediate steps after state urban minister Nitin Patel unveiled the 76-km metro rail route.Amount of Rs 150 crore has budgeted for the third phase of BRTS in this financial year. In addition, most of the third phase work of the BRTS is at approval stage and in some areas has even reached the construction stage. The third phase will have nine new routes, which include Narol to Aslali Ring Road; Jasodanagar to Hathijan Ring Road; CTM-Hatkeshwar-Khokhara-New Cloth Market; Khokhra-Rakhial-Civil Hospital-Ghewar circle-Shahibaug Dafnala-Acher; Chadkheda-Zundal Circle; New C G Road-Visat Junction-IIT; Akhbarnagar-Gota, Sola Bridge to Science City; Shivranjani to APMC Yard; and Sarkhej to Thaltej.\"With the metro route declared, it would be necessary make changes in the third phase to avoid major overlapping with the metro route. We will take it up after assembly elections are over,\" says municipal commissioner and chairman of AJL Guruprasad Mohapatra.\"A change of the third phase would mean a lot of changes in overall planning. It would be humongous work. Planning for BRTS was not done while taking the metro in consideration except in few areas,\" says a senior official of the AMC. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16648115", "title": "Three of a family murdered in Tirupur", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three members of a family were found hacked to death at their residence by an unidentified gang at Vellakovil in Tirupur district on Tuesday morning. Police have formed five special teams to nab the culprits.Police said K V Periyasamy (75), his wife P Santhamani (50) and mother-in-law Ramathal (80), were residing in a farm house at Kadaiyuran Valasu village near Vellakovil in Tirupur district. Periyasamy, was a tractor driver at Vellakovil town panchayat and was involved in farming after retirement from service. His son P Muthukumar works in an IT firm in USA.On Tuesday morning, Veerasamy, a farm worker went to Periyasamy's residence and knocked on their door. When there was no response, he forced open the door and found Santhamani and Ramathal in a pool of blood. Immediately, he alerted the neighbours who rushed to the house.Vellakovil police rushed to the crime scene and conducted an inquiry with neighbours. Periyasamy was found dead near a well close to his residence, while Ramathal was lying close to the entrance of the house and Santhamani was further inside. Police suspect the trio was murdered by a gang, using deadly weapons. Deep cut injuries were found on the neck and chest area of the victims.The preliminary investigation revealed that although there were a few sovereigns of gold and Rs 50,000 found at the crime scene, nothing was stolen. The motive of murder is yet to be known. Amit Kumar Singh, SP, Tirupur district visited the spot and held an inquiry.Police said the farm house was situated in an isolated place and residents were unaware of the incident. Residents had seen Periyasamy at 9 pm on Monday. Police suspect previous enmity over some dispute as the cause for murder. The bodies of the deceased were sent to Kangeyam GH for post mortem. Police have formed five special teams to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16652620", "title": "ICC elite umpires donate SLR 1 million to Chitra Lane charity", "text": "COLOMBO: The Elite Panel of ICC Umpires on Wednesday donated one million Sri Lanka Rupees to the Chitra Lane School for the Special Child and Children Resource Centre.The cheque was presented by the umpires during a visit of the centre where they also spent considerable time with under-privileged and disadvantaged children, as well as the dedicated staff.The Chitra Lane organisation is an approved charity which first started in 1968 as a day school for children with special needs. It has now reached out to over 2,000 children and young adults annually from across Sri Lanka providing much needed services and facilities for the early detection of disabilities.\"We are delighted to visit the Chitra Lane School for Special Child and Children Resource Centre. We have been extremely impressed and touched with the outstanding work which is being done here and surprised at the same time on how this service to local community has gone unnoticed,\" a spokesman of the ICC Elite Panel of Umpires said after the visit.\"Our visit to this centre is a show of support, solidarity and commitment that we are with them in this noble cause, be it in terms of contribution, creating awareness about their great work in the masses or increasing their profile.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647435", "title": "Bid to reopen case against Cong MP", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi is facing a fresh controversy, with relatives of a theatre artiste, who went missing 20 years ago, planning to reopen the case alleging Deepa's involvement in it. All India Bar Association's secretary and a Supreme Court lawyer Jaydeep Mukherjee has written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday urging him to start a probe against the MP for her alleged role in the case.Mukherjee alleged that Deepa was involved in the mysterious disappearance of theatre artiste Biman Bhattacharya, with whom she had a live-in relationship for three years. Bhattacharya went missing since June 14, 1992. Mukherjee demanded that a central detective agency should probe the case. He also wrote to Congress president Sonia Gandhi urging her to expel Deepa from the party.Terming the move a political conspiracy, Deepa said: \"It's motivated. I am surprised why this issue has been raked up after 20 years. This allegation was made in 1992 against my husband and former Union minister Priya Ranjan Das Munshi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649214", "title": "Consumer panel's search for its own file still on", "text": "NAGPUR: It's been three months and the state consumer disputes redressal commission is yet to show a file to an RTI applicant saying the search is on.The commission's lethargic attitude has left two citizens running from pillar to post for justice since four years. RTI activist TH Naidu has lodged a complaint against the commission with the national disputes consumer redressal commission and urged it to take action.President of the national body, justice Ashok Bhan was in the city for two days. Naidu met Bhan and requested him to take action.Talking to TOI, Naidu said that two citizens - Kamlesh Nandagaoli and Nalini Pohar - both residents of Saptashrungi Vihar colony, Sonegaon, are awaiting justice.\"Developer of Saptashrungi Vihar charged service tax amounting to Rs 78,380 from Nandagaoli and Rs 37,000 from Pohar in 2007. The two submitted an application with the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum challenging the recovery of the service tax.\"On June 2, 2008, the forum directed the developer to return the amount along with the penalties within 30 days. The developer informed the forum about his appeal with the state consumer disputes redressal commission,\" said Naidu.The application of non-compliance was kept pending due to the appeal. \"There was no reply neither from the state commission nor the district forum. Being an executive member of the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, I too submitted an application with the state commission (July 2, 2012) under the RTI Act requesting information and permission to see the case file. In its reply, the state commission informed that the order in the appeal case was passed on March 17, 2009 and that the search for the file is on. We were shocked to know about the order as there was no communication from the state commission or the district forum. The district forum should have started the process in the non-compliance appeal. I went for appeal to the state commission on August 21 and there has been no communication from it till date,\" he said.On September 12, the district forum held the first hearing in the non-compliance appeal after four years. \"The next hearing will be held on October 12. I approached the national consumer disputes redressal commission to highlight all these issues,\" said Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16650115", "title": "I am fortune\u2019s favourite: Asha Parekh", "text": "On October 1, at a Juhu five star, yesteryears' jubilee actress Asha Parekh celebrated her 70th birthday. And the party that went on till the wee hours of the morning saw a most impressive turnout.Among the first to arrive were Amitabh and Jaya Bachchan. Jaya was caught chatting up with Shammi Aunty, Parekh's best friend. Saira Banu arrived with Dilip Kumar and the couple were spotted deep in discussion with Yash Chopra. The real surprise for Parekh was the appearance of the entire family of Nasir Hussain. Hussain had not only introduced Asha Parekh to Hindi films in Dil Deke Dekho in 1959 they went on to forge a very special and enduring professional and personal friendship that lasted for three decades.Representing the late Hussain at the bash on Monday evening were the late filmmaker's son Mansoor Ali Khan (making a rare appearance in Mumbai) and daughter Nuzhat Khan. Imran Khan who is Nuzhat's son was also present with his wife Avantika. Nasir Hussain's brother the late Tahir Hussain's widow was also there to wish the birthday girl.Barely able to control her joy Parekh said, \"Many of my co-stars and directors are no more. But their family was there to share my happiness. I felt a lump in my throat. But I quickly swallowed it down with a glass of wine.\"The late Pramod Chakravarty, in whose blockbuster Love In Tokyo and Ziddi Parekh played the lead, was represented at the bash by his widow, and the late Shakti Samanta, director of Parekh's Pagla Kahin Kaa and Kati Patang , was represented by his son Asim Samanta. Also making a rare appearance was Asha Bhosle.\"Come to think of it, I've led a charmed life. To see so many of my colleagues and juniors from the entertainment industry share my birthday made me feel very fortunate. I think I am fortune's favourite.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "a healthy escape from the otherwise ear-splitting music, this sober night took everyone in its rhapsody . ayazul haroon's voice held listeners captive in a trance as the earthy environs of this lounge resonated to melodious beats. enjoying the heady concoction of ambience, live performance and drinks was the city's high profile crowd. softly lit up ", "code": "16652343", "title": "An escape to sober music", "text": "A healthy escape from the otherwise ear-splitting music, this sober night took everyone in its rhapsody . Ayazul Haroon's voice held listeners captive in a trance as the earthy environs of this lounge resonated to melodious beats. Enjoying the heady concoction of ambience, live performance and drinks was the city's high profile crowd. SOFTLY LIT UP : Everyone was mesmerized as the band Guruz doled out an amazing line-up of songs while peppering up the soiree. Appreciating the concept, the party loving crowd of city was floored by the performance. The band rendered O laal meri, Sohni lagdi besides other soul stirring numbers, making the crowd crave for more. This two-day long musical extravaganza enthralled one and all. TRENDY CHANGE : We noticed here that diversity is important. Loud Saturday night party concept is undergoing a change and is giving way to soothing live nights where one can unwind the body, mind and soul. \"We want to create a relaxing environment so that people can truly relax. And we also want to take action to the next level,\" said the director of the place Manish Goyal. While Haroon gave his voice, Rajesh Thakur, Deepak Maher and Harshit Naagar were on drums, guitar, keyboard and Indian percussions respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16648374", "title": "Meghalaya cautious on mining policy", "text": "SHILLONG: At a time when the country is in the midst of a major controversy regarding allocation of coal blocks, there is a virtual loot of the 'black diamond' in coal-rich Meghalaya, given the fact that the state is yet to have a mining policy in place.Charged by the Opposition of failure to control unregulated coal mining, deputy chief minister B M Lanong, who is in charge of mining said the government did not intend to disturb the \"customary rights\" of the people even as he maintains that the new mining policy, which is still being drafted, would try to strike a balance.\"The Government of India has also said it does not wish to disturb the customary rights of the tribal people who have been practicing traditional mining since decades. The state government also does not wish to interfere. Once we interfere, many questions will come up,\" Lanong told the assembly. He had pointed out that the issue was \"sensitive\" and the government needed to \"tread cautiously\".In tribal-dominated Meghalaya, private land owners carry out small-scale mining activities in their land as part of traditional practice without any mining lease from the government. In fact coal and limestone mining has been helping the local economy to quite an extent though there is much scope for improvement in this sector. It's an irony that though the land is rich (in minerals, flora and fauna), its people are not.Meghalaya has large deposits of coal, limestone and even uranium, which if judiciously exploited could uplift the condition of the poverty-stricken people. \"The benefits have not percolated down to the ground-level,\" a former legislator said, adding, \"It is not regenerating the rural economy, which is in shambles.\"Unscientific \"rat-hole\" mining of coal in the Jaintia Hills has not only damaged the ecology but also has failed to uplift the economic condition of the local people. \"It is the rich coal merchants who have benefited while those who toil in the mines under life-threatening conditions continue to live in abject poverty,\" said an NGO activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16648484", "title": "Naga campaign against illegal migrants launched", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Public Action Committee on illegal immigrants (PAC), which faced stiff opposition in launching a campaign against illegal Bangladeshi immigrants in Dimapur, finally started the \" Pledge Campaign\" on Tuesday morning. Most Naga tribes supported the move.The campaign aims to create awareness in Nagaland about illegal immigrants, whose population has increased in leaps and bounds in the last few decades, posing a serious threat to the indigenous people of the state.Launching the campaign, Naga Council Dimapur president Savi Liegise said it has become important for the people to take steps to prevent flow of illegal immigrants and therefore a non-violent and peaceful initiative has been taken, wherein all Nagas would have to give their signatures pledging that they would not entertain illegal Bangladeshi immigrants.Liegise lamented that in the last 47 years of statehood, the government has been able to detect only 28 illegal immigrants and nothing has been done to stop their inflow. He said during these years, no awareness has been created about the migration of illegal immigrants to Nagaland.Liegise also took a dig at the state government for remaining silent over the looming threat and said even the Special Task Force (STF) announced by the government in April this year to detect illegal immigrants has not done anything till now.Explaining the reasons for forming PAC, he said illegal immigrants have been found involved in thefts, rapes and other illegal activities and that there was a need to check such crimes. He said the launch of the campaign on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti assumes great significance as it is voluntary and not forced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647208", "title": "Gangster Sharad Mohol, aide were involved in a murder in Meerut: Police", "text": "PUNE: Before kidnapping the sarpanch of Dasve village in Mulshi for a ransom of Rs 47 lakh in October 2011, gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao had committed a murder in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, in August 2011, police have said.The duo's involvement was revealed after the Delhi Gate police arrested their accomplice Praveen Indrajit Sharma on August 12, 2012. Sharma revealed Mohol and Bhalerao's names during his interrogation.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-IV) Manoj Patil told TOI, \"A team from the Delhi Gate police station has come to Pune to probe into the matter.\"A senior officer from the Pune police said that Mohol was on the run before he was arrested by the Warje Malwadi police in February 2012. He was in Uttar Pradesh during that period. He said that on August 30, 2011, Mohol, Bhalerao and Sharma abducted one person from Meerut and later murdered him. \"After the murder, Mohol and Bhalerao fled from Meerut,\" the officer said.Gajendra Pal Singh, in charge of the Delhi Gate police station, has sent a letter to the city police regarding the investigations in the case. He has contacted the Yerawada police in this regard. \"The Meerut police have initiated the process to get Mohol and Bhalerao transferred into their custody,\" the officer added.After their arrest in February 2012, Mohol and Bhalerao were in the custody of the Pune police. The police had recovered a huge amount of money from them, which they had taken as ransom from Dasve sarpanch Shankar Dhindale. But the duo had not revealed their involvement in the Meerut murder.While Mohol and Bhalerao were in judicial custody, they strangled alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui to death inside the Yerawada central jail on June 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647907", "title": "Average Indian\u2019s lifespan set to rise over next 10 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lifespan of an average Indian will continue to increase over the next decade.By 2016, an average Indian male and female will live till 68.8 and 71.1 years, respectively. This will increase by one more year for an average male by 2021 (69.8 years) and by 1.2 years for an average female (72.1), according to Union health ministry's life expectation (LE) at birth projection released last week.When compared to the LE estimates of 2008 \u2014 to be announced by the Registrar General of India (RGI) this week and reported by TOI on Tuesday \u2014 the lifespan of an average Indian male will increase by 5.2 years and that of a female by 4.6 years between 2008 and 2021.Interestingly, the gap of LE between a male and a female will start to diminish by then. While an average Indian woman lives 3.1 years longer than her male counterpart, the LE difference will come down to 2.5 years by 2021.However, some things won't change between now and 2021.The life expectancy of an average Indian male will continue to be highest in Kerala. While the RGI's data shows it is presently 71.5 years for an average male in Kerala, the Union health ministry National Health Profile 2011 released last week says it will be 75.2 years in 2021.As far as females are concerned, Kerala once again will take the top spot in 2021 with an average woman living as long as 78.6 years then as compared to 76.9 in Kerala now.The five states with highest LE for an Indian male in RGI's 2008 data are Kerala, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Maharashtra, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab and West Bengal. This list by 2021 will see J&K; and Himachal Pradesh disappear to make way for Gujarat and Haryana.As far as LE of a female is concerned, the new entrants in the top five list in 2021 will be Karnataka and Gujarat in place of J&K; and Himachal.The phenomenon of females living longer than their male counterparts will continue till 2021.However, the states which will see the highest difference between the LE of a female against that of an average Indian male will be Karnataka (4.5 years), Andhra Pradesh (3.9 years), Maharashtra and Odisha (3.8 years), Rajasthan (3.5 years), Kerala and Tamil Nadu (3.4 years), West Bengal and Punjab (3.3 years) and Gujarat (3).The difference, however, won't be much in a few states like Bihar (0.8 years), Assam (1.7 years) and Madhya Pradesh (1.3 years).According to the World Health Organization's health statistics 2011, the average life expectancy at birth stood at 68 years in 2009 \u2014 an increase by two years since 2000. The health statistics 2011 had said that an average Indian (both sexes) lived eight years longer in 2009, compared to what he did two decades ago. However, it was still three years less than the global average LE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16648022", "title": "Continuing water war dampens Dasara festivities", "text": "MYSORE: S G Panchakshari, a tour operator from the city, is a worried man. It's been almost a week since he has received any call for sight-seeing. This is the beginning of a peak tourist season and unfortunately for the tourism sector, it has coincided with growing Cauvery protests. With tourism not picking as much pace, there is worry that the Cauvery crisis will cast a shadow on Dasara festivities.Mysore region is one of the areas where the protests are fast spreading. As of now, the crisis is having a direct bearing on Dasara preparations. With road traffic disrupted and even railway services facing the ire of protesters, the travel plans of the visitors have gone haywire and the stakeholders are feeling the pinch this Dasara season.On Tuesday, services of five luxury vehicles were cancelled. \"This has become a regular affair for almost 10 days now,'' said Panchakshari pointing at the fleet of vehicles that remains grounded. \"The travellers are also cancelling services to places like Wyanad and Ooty apprehensive that they may get stranded. They just don't want to take any chances,\" he told TOI.According to tour operators, of the 2,000 vehicles in Mysore, only 25 per cent have been hired. This is bad news for the travel sector which faced lean period in August owing to the Hindu month Ashada and later Adika Maasa in September. Tour operators were looking at Shravana and Dasara season to make up for the loss, when Cauvery row hit them.On an average, Mysore logs some 5 lakh tourists during Dasara festival. Even the high-end visitors are facing problems as the Mysore Airport has hit air pocket with commercial flights suspended for 11 months now.With two weeks into the Dasara festival, the official machinery is worried. They have few options left and time is fast running out. They have to finalize the Dasara events but are not sure how the situation will pan out in the next two weeks.\"There is uncertainty. We don't have time even to wait and watch. We've to take the risk and finalize the events,\" sources stated adding that the Cauvery crisis is looming large over the preparations. There are no clear directives even from the government, the sources said, pointing out that the list of non-official members to be nominated to the 26 Dasara panels has not been okayed yet. A member-secretary of a Dasara panel said: \"We're confused. There is lack of clarity on the scale of festivities even as the Cauvery crisis is affecting the preparations.\" Dasara festival is starting on October 16 but the officials still not have decided about the Dasara gold card.However, Dasara deputy special officer C G Betsurmath, said: \"We're working on the Dasara events and the Cauvery crisis has not impacted it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647320", "title": "Year on, machines raise more dirt than they swallow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The general scepticism about mechanical sweeping in the city has been validated just a year since the process was started. Not only are the machines \u2014 bought for Rs 50 lakh each \u2014 ineffectual on potholed roads, their frequent malfunctioning means the roads also have to be cleaned manually.The 28 sweeping machines cost Rs 907-1,124 per kilometre of road cleaned. However, their cleaning action is unsatisfactory as the dirt they sweep up is not sucked into the collection tanks but escapes to form a cloud.Sweeping machines were meant to clean major roads that are wider than 60 feet. \"The rollers rotate but the vacuum often does not work. Water cannot be used any more as the vent for it is broken. The machines work by sucking up dust and washing the patch, but that's not happening,\" said Digvijay, who drives a mechanical sweeper on Swami Dayanand Marg in east Delhi.In the morning, it is left to the sanitation staff to clean up the roads manually with besoms. \"The plan was to carry the swept up dust and garbage directly to landfill sites. But the machines don't function and not all important roads are covered. In fact, the machines only spread the dirt and garbage all over the place,\" said a senior official of North Corporation.The private contractors have been served many notices regarding the failure of the machines, but no action has been taken to either rectify the defects or take the machines off the road. \"We have sent notices to the contractors, but we are yet to take stringent action,\" said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman of South Corporation's standing committee.However, contractors blame the corporation for the machines' failure. \"The roads are potholed and the rollers can't reach inside potholes. The corporations aren't even clearing our dues, how can we maintain the machines,\" said a contractor (wishing anonymity).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646258", "title": "School grants linked to Aadhaar", "text": "MUMBAI: The government will track all school students and teachers in the state by ensuring that they possess the Aadhaar card, that provides a unique identification number (UID), before June 2013.\"The government will not release grants to schools for 2013-14 if the UID process is not completed,\" said Jageshwar Saharia, additional chief secretary, school education department. Collectors and district education officers will jointly formulate an action plan to achieve the target before the start of the next academic session in June 2013.For unaided schools, Saharia said the department is considering a proposal to link Right to Education (RTE)-related grants with the UID enrolment.The move follows a statewide fraud involving bogus enrolment of students to avail of grants. It was found last October that enrolment numbers were inflated in a number of government and aided schools to claim higher grants for teachers' salaries, students' uniforms, stationery, etc. This May, the state cabinet decided to link UID to student rolls. After working out the modalities, the school education department issued a government resolution last week.\"The UID number will also enable linking of various welfare schemes for students, including health check-ups,\" said Rajesh Aggarwal, principal secretary, IT department. There is a plan to link the UID number to various aspects related to a student's academic progress, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16648407", "title": "No curfew relaxation in Haflong", "text": "SILCHAR: The Dima Hasao administration did not allow relaxation of the indefinite curfew in the Haflong police station area of the hill district on Tuesday. On Monday, fresh violence had erupted in the hill area after authorities relaxed the curfew for four hours between 11am and 3pm.An indefinite bandh called by the Indigenous People's Forum (IPF), a non-Dimasa tribal body, and its supporting organizations in Dima Hasao has been on in the district since September 27. The bandh drew partial response across the district.\"The situation in the hill district is under control and there have been no reports of any fresh violence from anywhere in the past 24 hours. However, as a precautionary measure, no break was given on Tuesday to the indefinite curfew which was imposed on September 28,\" said a senior official.IG of Assam police (law and order) L R Bishnoi on Tuesday reached Haflong, the headquarters of Dima Hasao, to take stock of the situation there. On Wednesday, he will visit some of the sensitive areas of the district, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648754", "title": "Cong terms MP CM as 'escapist'", "text": "BHOPAL: Dubbing Madhya Pradesh chief minister as a 'Bhagora' (escapist), the state Congress is going ahead with its plan to gherao the official residence of Shivraj Singh Chouhan , who is abroad for more than a week.\"Chouhan is a Bhagora. He has gone abroad after we announced the gherao of his residence on October 4 against rampant corruption, lawlessness among other things prevailing in MP,\" state Congress chief Kantilal Bhuria told reporters here.\"Congressmen drawn from different parts of the state would participate in the protest,\" the Congress leader saidBhuria said corruption has thrived in MP after BJP came to power in 2003. The anti-graft watchdog Lokayukta police raids at the places of state government employees have yielded huge wealth and ill-gotten money in last couple of years.He said BJP has failed on all counts and claimed it would be ousted by the masses in the assembly elections next year.State Congress chief said the children were dying of malnutrition in MP adding that 35 kids died of malnutrition in the tribal dominated district Jhabua last year. He said the Centre was pumping in money in the state but it was not reach the people for a social good.He said poor tribal and women have not been given payment under MGNREGA against work in Barwani for well over a year. The state government is committing gross irregularities in MGNREGA implementation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651461", "title": "Liv Ullmam\u2019s film premiered in Oslo, Indian team praised", "text": "Oscar-winning sound designer Resul Pookutty is just back from Oslo from the premiere of Liv &amp; Ingmar in which he is one of the prime architects. So moved was the legendary Scandinavian actress Liv Ullman by Resul's dedication to realizing her dream that she acknowledged him as her son in public.Resul, however, couldn't attend the film's New York premiere. His hands are currently filled with three projects. \"I had to skip the New York premiere of Liv &amp; Ingmar because I had to rush back to finish the sound mixing of English Vinglish . I grew up adoring and hero-worshipping Sridevi. To be closely associated with her comeback is a dream-come-true for me.\"Resul is just back from Oslo, excited about the premiere of Liv &amp; Ingmar . \"Though it is a documentary it has been released across Scandinavia like any big film. I am hoping to get it released in India too , even if only for a limited run. Let's face it; Ingmar Bergman is not as big in these parts as he is in Europe.\"Resul modestly admits that his participation in Liv &amp; Ingmar was a first for an Indian technician in European cinema. \"It has opened a completely new window in the West for Indian cinema and technicians. My proudest moment was after the after-party following the premiere when Liv said if I'd have her as a mother. I was deeply moved.\"Legendary Scandinavian actress Liv Ullman who shares vivid glimpses of her life with the celebrated filmmaker Ingmar Berman in the documentary called the director Dheeraj Akolkar, editor Tushar Ghogale and sound designer Resul Pookutty on stage after the film and acknowledged that the film, her life's dream project, would not have been possible without the Indian crew. But will the film get a theatrical release in India? That's the question which haunts not just the film's Indian director, editor and sound designer but also Liv who is very keen that her film be screened in this part of the world.The problem is, Liv &amp; Ingmar is a documentary film. And documentaries don't get a theatrical release in India, or for that matter in any part of the world. Says Resul, \"I don't know what the future of the film is in India.But I do know that the director Dheeraj and I are very proud of what we've achieved in the film. People who've seen it say it's not a story of two celebrated film people but of two human being desperately in love. It opened in New York this week. It releases in Brazil next week.As for India, I have my fingers crossed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647820", "title": "Banned plastic bags from Gujarat flood Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Manufacturing of plastic bags of less than 40-micron thickness is banned in Tamil Nadu, so where do these tonnes of thin cheap bags come from? The question has been troubling Chennai Corporation officials who got some answers on Tuesday.In the morning, they seized 21 tonnes of plastic from a truck on Davidson Street near Broadway. It had come from Gujarat. \"Of the 21 tonnes of plastic, five tonnes were bags that were less than 40 microns thick,\" said an official. The trader who brought in the consignment did not have a valid order or licence to do so. These five tonnes of banned material will now go into laying of plastic-laced roads in the city.Most of the traders in the city prefer plastic bags of 20-micron thickness because of the numbers when bought in terms of weight. \"We get a tonne of plastic bags of less than 40 micron thickness for 1.3 lakh. And that means 2.5 lakh bags. If we go in for thicker ones, the numbers come down drastically,\" said a distributor in Broadway. While 100 bags of 40-micron thickness constitute 1kg, 150 weigh the same when they are of 30 microns. The manufacturing cost of 1 kg of plastic bags is less than 40 and they are sold for nearly 60 to the wholesaler, 120 to the retailer and 140 to shopkeeper.Sources said most consignments come from Halol in Gujarat , Maharashta and Daman &amp; Diu. Most of the trucks enter the state through the Ranipet check-post without much monitoring by the commercial taxes department.G Sankaran, president of the Chennai Plastic Manufacturers and Merchants Association, said the commercial taxes department should keep an eye on the entry of consignments from outside the state. \"We had indicated earlier about this unauthorised trade,\" he said.The ban came into effect after the Centre's notification on Plastic Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011. Corporation sources said they had seized nearly 33 tonnes of plastic of less than 40 microns thickness in the last one month in and around Broadway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16646736", "title": "20-year-old dies as neighbour squeezes testicles after tiff", "text": "THANE: A 20-year-old youth from Kalwa died on Monday after a woman squeezed his testicles until he collapsed. The incident took place following a tiff between the victim and the woman.The victim, Gangaram Narsing Gadge, used to reside in a chawl at Ganesh Nagar. He was sweeping out the water and slush which had flooded his tenement following heavy rain on Monday when Omkar Pawar and his wife Anguri objected to this. The Pawars, who reside in the tenement next to Gadge, complained that the water was coming into their house. A heated argument ensued and things soon turned violent. Anguri is said to have grabbed Gadge's testicles and squeezed them so hard that he died on the spot. The Kalwa police have arrested Anguri and her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "rajkot/ahmedabad", "code": "16651624", "title": "Sonia launches Congress campaign in Gujarat, defends reforms", "text": "RAJKOT/AHMEDABAD: Congress president Sonia Gandhi kicked off her party's election campaign for the upcoming assembly elections in the state on Wednesday.Addressing a rally at the Race Course ground here, Sonia took on Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi over the development of the state. However, she refrained from making any personal attacks on Modi and did not join issues with him over her foreign travel bills.Taking a dig at Narendra Modi, she said some people only made tall claims in the name of development and did no real work on the ground.Challenging the BJP's version of development in Gujarat, she said the waters of the Narmada river had still not reached parched Saurashtra.The Congress president took credit for sowing the seeds of development in the state and said her party had laid the foundation for Gujarat to prosper.\"It was during Congress' rule that the progressive sectors of Gujarat including refinery, petro-chemicals and textiles flourished. However, some people have a habit of taking credit of others work,\" she said.Pitching for a new Gujarat, Gandhi said the state's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was not against corruption but only against her party.Avoiding direct attack on Modi, Gandhi said, \"Yeh log brashtachar ke khilaf nahin, sirf hamare khilaf hain. (These people are not against corruption, just against us).\"\"Ek naya Gujarat banana hai aur banayenge (We have to make a new Gujarat and we will),\" she said.Sonia blamed the Narendra Modi government for hiding the fact that the UPA govt had given Gujarat 50 per cent more funds for development than the BJP-led NDA government.Defending the decision on FDI, she targeted the opposition for misleading the country and accused it of making baseless allegations on the issue.She claimed FDI in retail will help the farmers of the state and there was no reason to make so much of fuss about it.The Congress chief tried to explain the hike in diesel prices and said that the country had to import 80 per cent of its oil needs.Questioning the state government's commitment to help the people of the state, Sonia questioned why was it not reducing VAT in the state, which is among the highest in the country.Giving example of Congress-ruled states over providing three additional subsidized LPG cylinders, Sonia asked why the Narendra Modi government was not doing the same to ensure relief to the people of Gujarat.She targeted the BJP for stalling the Lokpal Bill in Parliament and said its doublespeak on corruption had been exposed.Stating that the Congress followed the principles of Mahatama Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru, Sonia said that her party will usher the state into a new era.Sonia's visit to Gujarat comes in the backdrop of the ongoing controversy over Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's remarks against her foreign travels.Quoting information accessed through RTI, Narendra Modi has charged that Rs 1,880 crore has been allegedly spent on Sonia Gandhi's foreign trips.However, Modi had to face some embarrassment when the man who filed the application, Ramesh Verma, denied the Gujarat CM's claims and said that the figures being attributed to his petition are incorrect.The Congress has sought an apology from Modi calling his charges baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648539", "title": "Spent nuclear fuel: A danger or resource?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though delivered in quick succession, the two judgments \u2014 one from the US court of appeals and the other from the Madras high court \u2014 could not have adopted more contrasting positions on the vexed issue of spent nuclear fuel (SNF), which is the nub of the Kudankulam dispute.The American verdict delivered on June 8 struck down rules framed by the nuclear regulatory commission, extending the storage period for SNF at the plants from 30 years to 60 years beyond the expiry of their licenses. Allowing petitions filed by four state governments and several NGOs, the US court held that SNF stored on-site \"poses a dangerous, long-term health and environmental risk\". The Kudankulam plant would have been free of the storage problem had India stuck to the 1988 agreement under which USSR, the predecessor state of Russia, was required to take over all the SNF discharged from it. However, a \"supplemental\" agreement of 1998 relieved Russia of its obligation to bear the burden of SNF and instead provided India with the \"right to reprocess the spent fuel\". It was on account of this drastic change made by the supplemental agreement that public-interest pleas were filed before the Madras high court, seeking a fresh environmental clearance as the one granted in 1989 was based on the original agreement stipulating that all SNF would be sent away to Russia.Despite the environmental and safety repercussions of the on-site storage, the Madras high court verdict dismissed the petitions on August 31. It accepted the counter claim made by the department of atomic energy that the 1998 change in the Kudankulam project was actually a \"major achievement\" from India's viewpoint as SNF \"is not a waste, but is a resource which could be reprocessed for separating plutonium and uranium and can be utilized in a closed cycle to generate more nuclear power\".Thus, the premises of the two judgments are completely at odds. While the Madras high court trusted the government to \"take appropriate protective measures for the purpose of retaining the spent fuel in appropriate manner\", the American court shot down the policy decision to extend the duration of the on-site storage as the history of past leaks \"tells us very little about the potential for future leaks or the harm such leaks might portend\".As a corollary, the nuclear regulatory commission announced in August that it had put on hold 19 license applications concerning nuclear plants in various parts of the US. The fresh nuclear freeze in the US is, in fact, the culmination of a series of events triggered by the Obama administration's decision in 2010 to scrap a 20-year plan of building a \"national repository\" for SNF at Yucca Mountain in the vicinity of Las Vegas. The June verdict made no bones about the fact that for all its efforts the US had \"not yet developed a permanent solution\" to the disposal of spent fuel and that this failure was the \"central flaw of the US nuclear waste management program to date\".Though India too has not been able to build such a national repository, the Madras high court was unworried about its implications for Kudankulam. This is despite the fact that the storage capacity at Kudankulam is for no more than the SNF discharged \"during seven years of full power operation of the reactor\". The high court verdict simply said that there was a provision for \"transporting the spent fuel to a national reprocessing facility after appropriate time of cooling and the location of the facility is under deliberation\".Whatever the efficacy of the reprocessing option, the safety concerns raised by the American court over the storage of SNF have since found an echo when the Supreme Court began hearing the appeal against the high court verdict. The apex court observed last week that, irrespective of the money already spent, it would not hesitate to stop the Kudankulam project if it was found wanting in safety aspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646524", "title": "Blood donation idea adjudged best", "text": "MUMBAI: The students of Welingkar Institute, who ideated a drive for blood donation across colleges affiliated to Mumbai University, turned out to be the winners at the Mumbai University's New Initiative for Joint Action Now (MUNIJAN). The social enterprise, Nirvana, will enable students to conduct blood donation activities in different colleges along with awareness camps. While management students ideate for the campaign, the ones from NSS units in different varsity affiliated colleges implement it at the ground level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646581", "title": "'Special executive officers should be able to read, write\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The only eligibility for a person to be appointed as a special executive officer (SEO) in Maharashtra seemed to be that he should know to \"read and write\", the state government has told the Bombay high court. The revelation came in response to an order of the court, asking the state to spell out the qualifications and procedure for appointing an SEO.A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sadhna Jadhav has now asked the public prosecutor to be present in court on October 4.The matter had come under the court's scanner after it noticed defects in test identification parades and dying declarations recorded by the SEOs in a number of criminal cases. Additional public prosecutor Rajeshree Gadhvi, representing the state, and advocate Arfan Sait, who was appointed by the legal aid cell, informed the court that following another HC order, the state had in 2009 withdrawn the powers of conducting identification parades and recording dying declarations from SEOs. The judges questioned as to what would happen to such proceedings conducted by SEOs prior to 2009. \"This is a serious issue,\" said the judges.In the affidavit filed by Pradeep Darade, secretary, general administration department, the state said that in 2007, the minimum qualification required for appointment of an SEO was the Secondary School Certificate. However, in 2008, the rules were changed and \"made clear that the person to be appointed as SEO should be able to read and write\".The appointments were political as the SEOs were selected by the guardian minister \"after discussion with local leaders, if required\". The collector publishes the final list of SEOs\u2014two per thousand voters\u2014after receiving approval from the government.The court pointed to irregularities committed by SEOs. \"While dealing with criminal appeals, we have often noticed that there are serious deficiencies and defects in the functioning of some of the special executive officers, especially in conducting the test identification parade and recording of dying declarations. At least in two cases, we have found that SEOs, who had conducted test identification parade, were bold enough to admit before the court that there were completely unaware of the guidelines incorporated in the criminal manual for holding the parade,\" observed the court. The judges pointed to an instance when it found that the SEO was working with a builder as an electrician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16646474", "title": "IGNOU teachers' strike today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 500 teachers of Indira Gandhi National Open University will go on a day's pen-down strike on October 3. They have even sought the intervention of the President, as visitor, to block the proposal to shift the Distance Education Council (DEC), an autonomous body under INGOU, to University Grants Commission (UGC). Given the distance-learning format, no students will be affected but classes for PhD and MPhil students have been rescheduled.\"The DEC is being moved to UGC as an interim measure because the Education Bill is pending. There shouldn't be any interim measure. Instead, the ministry should promote DEC by giving them research facilities and involving them in exchange programmes. Under austerity measures all this has been scrapped,\" said Deb K Singha Roy of IGNOU Teachers Association. He added that the acting vice-chancellor of IGNOU has presented the views of the teachers to the board of management.\"In the minutes of the 117th Board of Management meeting, there is no mention of the proposal to place DEC under UGC. We are trying to raise public awareness about this,\" said Singha Roy.The teachers associations argue that the DEC was made a part of IGNOU under an Act and can't be taken out without an amendment and that the ministry's proposal is part of its attempt to impose \"bureaucratic control\" over an autonomous body. They had staged a dharna outside the Board of Management meeting held on September 19 and will decide on future course of action after gauging the response to the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16647938", "title": "Top Coimbatore firms unite to spread the joy of giving", "text": "COIMBATORE: For a change, organizations came together and put up stalls at the Ramakrishna Kalyana Mandapam, not to market their brand or sell their products but to promote the joy of giving by donating money or volunteering their services. This is part of a two-day exhibition organized to observe the Joy of Giving week. Organised by the Rotary club of Coimbatore, around 25 service organisations working in the areas of healthcare, women's causes and physically challenged, put up stalls and exhibited the work they do.\"They include some of the leading volunteer organisations in the state. However, they too need adequate resources. On the other hand, there are many who are interested in donating their time or resources. This is a platform for organizations and volunteers to meet,\" says N Krishnakumar, project director of the event.P Shanthakumar who runs 'Thozhar Trust,' a crematorium for unclaimed bodies says, the cremation of a body costs around Rs 1,000. They have so far cremated more than 1,500 bodies. To meet expenses, they solicit funds from the public.Make a Wish foundation helps children between 3 and 18 years with chronic diseases to fulfil their wishes. The wishes may vary from meeting their favourite superstar or owning a drawing book. Bindu Rajiv, programme coordinator, says they are looking for volunteers as well. \"We want interested people with time to help at least on weekends or other holidays. Volunteers can spend time with the children, find sponsors or help in the office.People can also volunteer to help the elderly, tribal people, mentally challenged and others with disadvantages. Some businesses have also put up their products for sale, the proceeds of which will be donated towards the welfare of the less fortunate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16649215", "title": "Business worth Rs 80L at Mahila Udyog Mela", "text": "PATNA: The Mahila Udyog Mela organized by Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh was a grand success with handloom and handicraft products worth Rs 80 lakh sold during the five-day fair which concluded on Tuesday.Usha Jha, secretary of the sangh said more than 25,000 people visited the fair and appreciated the quality of products. \"We have registered a sale of over Rs 80 lakh in these five days. Most of the stallowners have also received orders for their products. More than 1,000 orders have been placed at different stalls,\" she said.Saris and suits were much in demand as most of the visitors focused on shopping with Durga Puja and Diwali in mind. \"I like traditional dresses. This fair always has some exclusive and traditional designs. I have bought saris for my family members for Durga Puja,\" said Somita Chatterjee, who was shopping at the fair.Tassar silk from Bhagalpur was most in demand. \"For the first time I have brought the export quality of Bhagalpuri tassar,\" said Kalpana, owner of the stall who had an average per day sale of Rs 1 lakh and received orders for over 100 rolls (each one has over 40 metres of cloth).Even the Pune cotton saris and suit materials had a lot many buyers. The stallowner, Uma Srinivasan, had a business of around Rs 1 lakh.\"The prices of saris and suits were very low. I bought some very beautiful saris and suits in the range of Rs 600 to Rs 1,500,\" said Meghna Mahi, a buyer.For the young girls visiting the fair, Pallav Chandra's was the must-stop stall. Chandra, an alumnus of National Institute of Technology and ex-designer of a famous brand, had brought designer suit, saris, stole with fusion of material and designs and made a business of over Rs 3 lakh during the fair.The herbal cream of Aruna Singh attracted many ladies who came looking for creams and powder for various skin-related problems. Among the home decor stalls, the Makrana marbles made a sale of over Rs 2.5 lakh.Industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha visited the stalls on Tuesday and promised to consider the sangh's request for a government space for its office. \"For the proper functioning of the sangh and to provide stability to it a proper space is necessary. I would try and provide all possible help to the sangh in this regard,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16649238", "title": "Modi \u2018threat\u2019 surprises BJP MP", "text": "PURNIA: Deputy chief minister and senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi has stirred the political waters in Purnia by threatening action against Purnia BJP MP Uday Singh for organizing the 'Vedna' rally at Rangbhoomi Maidan in Purnia on Sunday.\"He (Modi) has only tried to shoot the messenger, instead of responding to the despondency and helplessness of the people who attended the rally,\" Singh said responding to the threat.The two-term MP, Singh, said, \"I am really surprised at the threat doled out by Modi. Instead of responding to the despondency and dissatisfaction of such a large number of people, who voluntarily attended the rally, the deputy CM is now contemplating disciplinary action against me,\" he ranted.As far as the charge of deputy CM that the party was never kept in the loop, the BJP MP said, 'Vedna' rally was a very 'well-advertised' event as banners and hoardings were put up and everyone was in the know of it. \"I am a disciplined member of the party, and will respect any decision on its part\", he added.Meanwhile, the state party leaders' reaction to the rally has drawn flak. \"Instead of seeing the writing on the wall, the party bosses are diverting attention from the core issues,\" said a partyman in Purnia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648358", "title": "Metro to give touristy Rock Garden a miss", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking a tube to Rock Garden from Mohali will no longer be possible as Metro Rail is set to give the world-renowned tourist spot a miss. According to its final alignments, the north-south corridor will head straight to the Capitol Complex from Matka Chowk, and the earlier plan has been changed.It was due to the high footfall of tourists at Rock Garden and Sukhna Lake that RITES had originally proposed to have a stop of Metro Rail before the end station at the Capitol Complex but this plan was found unfeasible in the final alignments made by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) taking into account the presence of underground services and availability of land for the corridor and stations.The route will run from north of the city to its south and will start from a site close to the Capitol Complex near the secretariat and high court, and will reach Sector-17 Plaza through UT Secretariat on Jan Marg, sectors 22 and 35, ISBT-43, and will go up to Aerocity in Mohali. In Mohali, it will cover the City Centre and will take a turn near Sohana Gurdwara.Initially, it was planned to build as many as 50 stations for the Metro Rail, separated by a distance of one kilometre but now DMRC has brought the number down to 30. The Rock Garden and Sukhna Lake will now be linked with a bus service to the end station with a strong fleet of airconditioned and ordinary buses. A large network of medium-level mass transport system such as Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) will cover areas beyond the Metro network and on overloaded corridors. It has been recommended to rationalize local bus system and its augmentation, better traffic management and special facilities for pedestrians within the entire network, especially in high-congestion areas by building pedestrian subways, footpaths and road furniture along the roads, where necessary.Ground realitiesTotal length of Metro system | 37.573 km Elevated | 23.468km Underground (Chandigarh city area) | 14.105km First coach of the metro | Driver motor car (Seating capacity of 42 and 318 standees) Number of corridors | 2 Integrated ticketing system for Metro &amp; AC buses North-south Corridor (Corridor- I) | Capitol Complex to Gurdwara Singh Shaheeda. East-west Corridor (Corridor-II) | Grain Market near Sector 21 Panchkula to Transport Terminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16652950", "title": "Piracy, terrorism threat to regional stability: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Observing that piracy and armed robberies in high seas were threatening the stability of the Asian region, defence minister A K Antony on Wednesday said India was taking steps to augment its capabilities to fight piracy and terrorism.Addressing the 8th heads of Asian Coast Guard Agencies Meeting, the defence minister said, \"India strongly believes that mutual cooperation alone is the most effective way in ensuring the security and safety of oceans.\"\"The various challenges including menace of piracy and armed robbery, drugs and arms trafficking and unregulated and unreported fishing to name a few, threaten both short-term and long-term stability of the region,\" he said.The meeting is being attended by 17 heads of Coast Guards from Asian countries including China, Asia, Japan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Vietnam and Cambodia.The defence minister said in view of the increased responsibilities and challenges, \"We are also planning to augment our capacity in the fields of coastal security, anti-piracy, anti-terrorism operations and oil spill response capabilities.\"Commenting on the need for enhancing regional cooperation, Antony said the Indian Navy and Coast Guard regularly participate in joint exercises with many Asian nations.\"It shall be our endeavour to promote such cooperative mechanisms as, regional cooperation agreement for combating piracy and armed robbery against ships in Asia in the future,\" the defence minister said.Antony said the nations in the region can \"prevent crimes at sea through an increase in information sharing, mutual training assistance and proactive interactions.\"Antony said in recent times, crimes in the seas have acquired several new dimensions.\"From theft it has come to dangerous maritime terrorism with a destructive aim. Piracy has also come from hijacking in high seas to theft of cargo to taking hostage for ransom. Piracy and terrorism are not only destabilising the economy but also have serious implications for security,\" he said.Antony said in the complex scenario where Sea Lanes of Communication (SLOCs) are being used for human trafficking and movement of stowaways, \"security forces must respond with a high degree of alacrity and professionalism, in real time.\"The defence minister said swift policy decisions by the governments, in keeping with the maritime environment, were of great importance in today's scenario.\"Top priority must be accorded to the creation of safe and secure oceans. Governments and law enforcement agencies must implement national and international laws that can act as a deterrent for unscrupulous elements,\" he said.Antony said the oceans are and have the capacity to become a \"domain for goodwill interactions between nations, mutual cooperation to provide humanitarian aid, preserving maritime environment and enforcement of law at sea.\"He said nations must cooperate with each other to ensure everlasting peace and security.The Indian side at the meeting was represented by Coast Guard deputy director general Rajendra Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647481", "title": "Comet brighter than moon to be visible in 2013", "text": "PUNE: Comet ISON, discovered recently by Russian scientists, will be visible in India towards the end of 2013 and experts have said that the comet which will be seen above the western horizon after sunset is likely to be visible to naked eye and could well be brighter than the moon.\"How a comet will behave is generally unpredictable. However, with its present positioning, it seems that it will be as bright as the moon and visible towards the end of 2013 above the western horizon,\" Arvind Paranjpye, director of Mumbai-based Nehru Centre, said.The comet called C/ 2012 S1 (ISON) was discovered by Russian astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok using the International Scientific Optical Network telescope. It will pass within two million miles of the sun's surface.\"The comet is said to shine 15 times brighter than the moon and potentially visible in broad daylight will fly by the earth next year, giving people a chance to witness one of the most spectacular events,\" Paranjpye said.The Russian astronomers have said that the comet may be brighter than any comet spotted in the last century, visible even in broad daylight, and this may end up being its one and only trip to the solar system, as its trajectory may see it plunge into the sun in a fiery death.Comets are dusty balls of ice, generally originate from the Kuiper belt, a region of icy small bodies beyond Neptune. Occasionally, a comet gets dislodged from its orbit, and plunges into the inner solar system.Halley's comet is named after Edmond Halley who noted its regular 75-76-year appearance. He had said it return in 1758. In 1910, the comet has passed within a fraction of the Earth which moved through the comet's tail.\"Curiosity is building up among astronomy clubs in the city about the comet. We have been talking about the comet ever since it was discovered. We are waiting to witness this spectacular astronomical phenomenon,\" said Akash Kulkarni, an amateur astronomer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16647953", "title": "Alagiri's son-in-law quizzed over Durai's whereabouts", "text": "MADURAI: Police have intensified the search for Durai Dayanidhi Alagiri, son of Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri in connection with the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying scam.Police, who have started tightening the grip over relatives of Alagiri to find the whereabouts of his son, a partner on Olympus Granites, accused of plundering granite in Melur in Madurai district, quizzed Alagiri's son-in-law Venkatesh on Tuesday.\"We have gathered some clues from the interrogation with Venkatesh. The query was primarily to find the whereabouts of Dayanidhi Alagiri,\" said a senior police official. Police had summoned Venkatesh, husband of Alagiri's daughter Kayalvizhi to the SP's office, where he was subjected to an inquiry by a team of officials led by ADSP Mayilvaganan.Police posed questions on the role of Dayanidhi in Olympus Granites, information about the extent of granite quarried illegally and financial transactions of the company. However, Venkatesh had reportedly told the police that he had no role in the granite company and he was not privy to the functioning of the company.Police, who were treading cautiously in tracing Dayanidhi Alagiri until the Madurai bench of the Madras high court rejected his bail plea on September 25 has intensified the search now bringing several of his relatives under scanner.They searched the houses of Alagiri's his relatives on September 28 to find Dhayanidhi. Police quizzed Durai Dayanidhi's father-in-law Seetharaman and Alagiri's relative Rathinavel and Srinivasan. Police teams conducted searches in the residences of their houses, but no documents pertaining to the granite scam were found. A police team was also sent to Kodainakal to conduct a search in a farmhouse there after suspicion that Dayanidhi might be hiding there.Police said that so far there was no evidence to suggest involvement of other family members of Alagiri in the illegal granite scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649217", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation couldn't care less about Ambazari", "text": "NAGPUR: A garden spread over 44.80 acres with a beautiful view of 237-acre lake that too within city limit. That is Ambazari for you. It could be pride of the city but, unfortunately, lake is earning a dubious reputation as a deathtrap and garden as a safe place for obscene acts. Though the garden is supposedly operated and maintained by NMC's garden department, the lake seems nobody's baby.Police records say 23 persons drowned in the lake in the last couple of years. For the last 4-5 years, the lake's embankment and garden have become ideal place for lovelorn couples, youths, anglers and swimmers. The couples in huge numbers could be seen sitting on the embankment towards the lake's catchment area risking their lives. There are youths in large number wandering on an abandoned pump house connecting the lake's water with bank with just two rods. The anglers throng the lake's shore towards the waste weir point and CRPF pumping station tank. The embankment itself has big trees that may have already weakened it.No department of NMC is ready to take responsibility of lake. The water works department is concerned only with drawing water from it. It is earning money by selling the water to Hingna MIDC and CRPF. Garden department had let out the garden to a private operator who would run boating and amusement services some years ago. That has now stopped and the garden is rendered unsafe.Special officer for lakes and rivers Mohammed Israil is looking at rejuvenation proposals for the lake. But no one is ready to at least deploy some security guards and impose some order to make it safe for families to visit again. Assistant commissioner of Dharampeth zone told TOI that only gardens less than 1.5 acres in area have been entrusted with zonal staff. \"Garden and water works department should maintain the lake as they earn money from it,\" he said.The garden, once most visited place by families, has now turned safe place for obscene acts or criminals. The fading greenery, pathetic condition of play zone, abandoned fountain and other entertainment equipment keeps families away. The security guards are mere spectators. The NMC is not doing anything about the plan submitted by renowned landscape consultant Vishwas Madav, who designed Anand Sagar in Shegaon. The planis gathering dust since 2009.Senior corporator Parinay Fuke said efforts to implement Madav's plan were on. \"NMC must entrust any one department the responsibility for the lake.\" Former mayor and social activist Dr Kalpana Pande said lovelorn couples have are a problem in the garden and its vicinity. \"NMC should discuss it with NGOs and police and draft a plan. Deploying security guards and restriction is not enough,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648650", "title": "Sadalpur-Hanumangarh meter gauge train ends journey", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is the end of the \"road\" for 81-year-old Sadalpur-Ellenabad-Hanumangarh train. The eight-bogey passenger train (No. 02414) running on meter-gauge track made its last journey from Hanumangarh to Sadalpur via Ellenabad with around 800 passengers aboard on Sunday.The 100-km meter-gauge rail track will be history within a few months as the Railways have decided to convert the line into broad-gauge. The rail link with the cities of Hanumangarh and Sadalpur was established on October 13, 1931 by the erstwhile Bikaner Estate Railways.After maintaining the link for over eight decades, the Bikaner division of the North-Western Railways has now decided to make it a broad-gauge line.The final trip of the train was flagged off by Sham Sundar Gupta, divisional railway manager of Bikaner. \"This was not just the last run of the train but also the entire meter-gauge operations in our division. We are hopeful of resuming rail traffic on this route after conversion in two years,'' Gupta said.In an effort to bring the British families to this region, Maharaja Ganga Singh, the erstwhile king of Bikaner, had laid the meter-gauge rail track connecting Ellenabad with Rajasthan. The link had been catering to around 3,000 passengers daily, including students and farmers, travelling on five sets of trains running on the Sadalpur-Ellenabad-Hanumangarh route.A Sadalpur-Hanumangarh trip used to take three hours at a cost of Rs 17, while a Hanumangarh-Ellenabad trip was for just Rs 8. \"We still remember the time when we used to take wedding parties on this train. We hope the track conversion will be completed within the prescribed period,\" said Haldu Ram, a 75-year-old trader from Ellenabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "japiur", "code": "16646731", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority to submit compliance report in court today", "text": "JAPIUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will submit its compliance report on Amanishah Nullah in the high court on Wednesday. Following the high court's recent orders the authorities carried out a drive and demolished illegal constructions in the dry river catchment area. Also, the demarcation work and determining the centreline of the 49 km nullah was also done by the JDA officials.A JDA official source said, \"In the report we have mentioned that so far we have removed 170 encroachments including five big buildings from the catchment area of the nullah.\" The JDA will also seek directions from the high court on how to carry a drive against the illegal houses constructed in the catchment area. The enforcement team has issued 70 notices to owners of houses in the catchment area. \"There are approximately 1,000 houses which will be affected after widening the nullah. Maximum houses are constructed in the 8 km long stretch between Sushilpura and Shastri Nagar,\" a source said.Recently, the affected house owners protested against the high court orders to remove the encroachment in the catchment area of Amanishah Nullah. The disgruntled residents claimed that they have purchased plots from the housing societies and it would be unfair to remove them without proper rehabilitation. Many claimed they will also approach the Supreme Court and continue the protest. \"We will seek the court orders as without this it would be very difficult to carry out the drive further,\" a source said.According to the officials nullah will be made approximately 210 feet wide, and a centreline will be determined. Currently, the width of the nullah is different at various places. \"The nullah's map is made online in which the width and encroachments in the catchment area are mentioned,\" a senior JDA official said.So far, after issuing section 32 notices the JDA removed illegal construction from Grassfield Club, Sokhiya Farms and Neerja Modi School. Moreover, the authorities have also demolished two blocks of a building constructed by the Mansarovar Hertiage Inn using \"controlled detonation\" technique for the first time in the state. \"In the report it's also mentioned that the JDA has cancelled the building maps and provision for 90 B of the complete building area that is 23,176 square feet,\" sources claimed.Meanwhile, senior official sources claimed the list of officials involved in aiding rampant encroachment in water bodies or involved in promoting construction has not been prepared by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649161", "title": "Police driver consumes poison", "text": "NAGPUR: Timely action by fellow constables helped a police department driver get emergency medical treatment after he consumed poison on Monday evening. However, police naik Narendra Yende, attached to motor transport department, is still fighting for life at a private hospital at Mankapur.Yende was entrusted with the job of wrapping up tents erected during the just-concluded Ganesh festival along with a few newly recruited constables. After finishing work, Yende and other constables decided to meet at GPO complex where the driver consumed lethal insecticide.As he started vomiting, a constable immediately rushed Yende to a hospital. Yende was being counselled by senior officers of the department after they learnt that he wanted to end life over a domestic issue and financial reasons. Dr Shishir Shrivastava, who treated Yende with a team of medical experts, said the constable was critical but there was a hope.It was learnt that joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena immediately sanctioned some amount from the welfare fund for Yende's treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646208", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy vetoes Telangana demand", "text": "HYDERABAD: An upbeat chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy asserted on Tuesday that no forward movement on Telangana can happen now as politics cannot be the ground for carving out a separate state. In what is being seen as a missile aimed at the TRS and other political parties and organizations like Telangana political JAC, BJP and CPI who are seeking the division of the state, the chief minister in separate interviews to national English news channels on Tuesday said: \"The Telangana issue cannot be seen from the prism of politics. Politics cannot be the ground for the division of the state.\"This is the strongest statement issued by Kiran Kumar on the demand for Telangana and comes a few days after his assertion in Krishna district that no state can be divided until there is a consensus for the same and a majority agrees to the proposal. \"The CM's statement seems to indicate that he has been given the green signal to be assertive against the demand for Telangana. This appears to have been communicated to him after the successful handling of the Chalo Hyderabad march on September 30,\" analysts said.However, the TRS was quick to condemn the CM's statement and indications are that party supremo is all set to return to Hyderabad on Wednesday and take on all who are opposing the demand for Telangana. Confirming to TOI that K Chandrasekhar Rao (KCR) will return to the state capital on Wednesday, TRS politburo member B Vinod Kumar, who is accompanying the party chief in Delhi, said Kiran Kumar had no locus standi to make such statements. \"When everybody including the CM is playing politics, what does he mean by saying that politics cannot be the grounds for dividing the state? If that is the case, why did his party include the creation of Telangana in the 2004 election manifesto? Why was the Srikrishna committee formed? And why did then Union home minister P Chidambaram make a statement on Telangana? Kiran has to justify all these,\" Vinod Kumar said.Meanwhile, despite the apparent tension between the TRS and TJAC over holding the Chalo Hyderabad march, several TJAC members turned optimistic after hearing that KCR would return to town on Wednesday. TJAC leader M Swamy Goud said he was hopeful that KCR will once again take the pivotal role in the Telangana movement being carried out by them. \"We will appeal to KCR to assume the guiding role for the TJAC as his leadership and guidance is very much needed in the prevailing situation,\" Goud said.Reacting to reports of TJAC putting pressure on Telangana ministers in his cabinet to resign and strengthen the movement, the chief minister in his interview said any decision to resign is the individual prerogative of the minister and that he would not tolerate any such pressure being put on them. \"Those who want to resign from the cabinet can convey their wish to the party state-in-charge and do so. However, resignations are personal decisions. But, if anybody exerts pressure on them or tries to influence them to resign, it is my responsibility to ensure that the ministers are protected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16648680", "title": "Jharkhand Vikash Yuva Morcha leader fights for highway repair", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Central committee secretary of the Jharkhand Vikash Yuva Morcha went on an indefinite hunger strike from the Gandhi Jayanti Day near the residence of Hazaribag Zila Parishad chairman B K Jaiswal in protest against the failure of both the elected representatives and the district administration to solve the burning problems including road communication and electricity.Talking to this correspondent at the dharna site, S K Pandey said it was really a matter of surprise that in Hazaribag, despite having elected members and being the headquarters of the North Chotanagpur division, no one took any tangible steps to improve the conditions of roads which were in dilapidated condition for over 19 years. The roads, which were displayed at the protest site, are Hazaribag Main Road (NH-100) Korra-Matwari Chowk to Indrapuri Chowk (NH-100), Hur Huru Road (belongs to Zila Parishad) Zakir Hussain Path, Ramnagar Road (both belong to the municipality, and Church Road. Besides, 20 other important roads in Hazaribag Town and its surrounding areas which need immediate repair.Since the important festivals like Durga Puja, Diwali and Chhath will take place within a month and all processions will pass through the roads, people will face great inconvenience. He said he met the deputy commissioner Hazaribag and other officials to take immediate measures to repair the above roads. \"But when all efforts and appeals failed to solve their problems, I along with my dozen members were compelled to go for indefinite fast.\"On the eve of important festivals like Eid, Ramnavami and Muharram, the deputy commissioner issued a list of about 60 roads for repairs but no steps were taken by the departments concerned. Villagers of adjoining 24 villages gheraoed the general manager of the JSEB, Hazaribag area since Monday demanding replacement of burnt transformers and damaged transmission lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651374", "title": "Party peeps enjoy at open air venue", "text": "The city's party peeps are always ready to hit the floor and boogey the night away, especially when the bash is held at an open-air venue. They were in for an even bigger treat when DJs Sasha and Emgee took to the console and spun some happy tunes and some commercial, house and EDM tracks as well.We spotted model Natasha looking pretty in a short number and having fun with her friends , while DJ Deepak was seen relaxing with his wife Shweta. Cueist Pa n k a j Advani also made an aapearance at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16648992", "title": "South Goa planning and development authority's deadline to clean up, repair market lapses", "text": "MARGAO: With the government failing to meet the deadline to clean up and repair the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) wholesale and retail markets in Margao on Tuesday, Margao resident and scail activist Savio Dias will go ahead and file a contempt petition in the high court. The SGPDA has failed to implement the high court directives with regard to the upkeep and cleanliness of the market.Dias has in a letter to the state chief secretary, SGPDA and the Margao Municipal Council, urged authorities to take immediate steps to \"put the SGPDA markets in order\" by October 2, failing which he has threatened to file \"contempt of court\" proceedings against them in the high court of Bombay at Goa.\"Waste water from the wholesale fish market is flowing through the agricultural market without any treatment and the stink of the market continues to be a nuisance and a health hazard to residents\" said Dias.Dias had file a public interest litigation in the high court of Bombay at Goa against the state, the SGPDA and the MMC over the insanitary conditions prevailing in the SGPDA's wholesale, retail and fish markets. The court, while disposing of the petition, had directed the SGPDA to put in various measures to ensure that the markets are maintained in clean and hygienic conditions.\"Issues highlighted in the public interest litigation are yet to be solved,\" added Dias while pointing out that vendors continue to block pavements at the retail market.In the affidavit filed by SGPDA to the high court, they had promised both the markets would be monitored on a daily basis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16649024", "title": "1 held for outraging modesty, extortion", "text": "PONDA: Sudhakar Yadu Gaonkar of Talyewada-Bethora was arrested on Tuesday for allegedly outraging the modesty of a woman and using a clipping of the act to extort over 11.5 lakh from her for over a year.The woman, married and a resident of Shiroda, has stated in her complaint to Ponda police that the molestation had occurred in August 2011 and the extortion continued till September 14, this year.She claimed the 37-year-old blackmailed her by threatening to upload online the video recording of the alleged molestation.\"In this manner, the accused allegedly extorted 11,57,870 from the complainant on different occasions over a period of about 14 months,\" Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar told TOI.Sources said police have yet to find the alleged video clip and may seek forensic experts' advise to investigate if the accused had deleted the same.A case under IPC Sections 354 (assault or criminal force on woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 384 (extortion), and Section 66-E (violation of privacy by capturing and circulation of images) of Information Technology Act (Amendment Act 2008) has been registered against Gaonkar, Govekar said.Sources said some women from Shiroda have made a representation to the Ponda police that the complainant had borrowed gold ornaments worth around 4 lakh from them and had not returned the same to date. Police have not confirmed this .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646278", "title": "Rain brings down temperature in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: After heavy showers lashed the city on Monday night, denizens woke up to an overcast sky and drizzle on Tuesday. The light showers that began in the early hours turned into heavy spells at times and continued intermittently until afternoon. The met office said the cloud cover with rain spells is likely to continue for the next 24 hours in the city and a respite can happen only by Thursday. Till Tuesday evening, the Met department recorded 25 mm rainfall.The dense cloud cover and intermittent showers brought down the city's maximum temperature below normal by nearly 5 degrees. Tuesday's maximum temperature nosedived to 26.6 degrees Celsius, a further dip from Monday's maximum of 29.4 degrees Celsius. Also, between Monday night and Tuesday evening, the state capital has recorded a considerable 50.6 mm rainfall.Met officials have given a forecast for heavy to moderate showers over parts of Telangana and coastal AP during the next 48 hours. \"The well marked low pressure area over coastal AP now lies over Telangana. The associated cyclonic circulation extending up to mid tropospheric level has also contributed to the rains for the last two days,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16646760", "title": "Businessman poisoned in bus, robbed of Rs 6 lakh", "text": "AJMER: A fifty-eight-year-old cattle businessman of Hapur region of Uttar Pradesh was looted by a co-passenger in a roadways bus by offering poisonous food stuff. The businessman was admitted to JLN hospital on Tuesday morning. He is still in an unconscious state. Police have called the relatives of the businessman to start the investigation.According to police, Fiyaz -a cattle businessman, had finalized the deal of some purchase in Ajmer and was going there with Rs 6 lakh. He took a roadways bus from Meerut late on Monday evening and was found unconscious in the bus on Tuesday morning. The Civil Lines police was informed who took Fiyaz to the hospital. We searched his mobile phone and called his relative Jayeed living in Daurai and told him about the incident,\" said police.Jayeed said that Fiyaz had struck a deal of a purchase and was going to Ajmer with the money to pay to the party. \"It is possible that some co-passenger in the bus got friendly with Fiyaz, offered him some poisonous food and took away the money,\" an officer said.Police found no luggage with Fiyaz but recovered Rs 12,000 from his inner pocket. \"We are waiting for Fiyaz to state the story about the money and his condition. He is still unconscious and under supervision of doctors,\" added police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16646387", "title": "Engineer dies of dengue in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The death of a 23-year-old engineer due to dengue in a leading Noida hospital is the first reported case in the area this season. The district health department, however, has sent samples for further checkup. The deceased, Akashdeep Sharma, had developed a fever on September 23 and died after heavy bleeding from the mouth and nose on Sunday morning. Doctors said the deceased died of due to Dengue Shock Syndrome (DSS). Sharma has completed his B.Tech from IMS College in Ghaziabad last year and was preparing for CAT exam.Akashdeep's father, Magan Vir, said that they thought it was viral fever, but his condition deteriorated within five days. Initially, they consulted a local physician and went to the hospital on September 28 when his condition did not improve.Ghaziabad CMO Ajay Agrawal said, \"We cannot consider it a dengue death until we conduct a test at our level. We cannot rely on the report of a private hospital.\"\"The local physician advised some medicines and on September 23 he realised some relax but next day again he suffered from fever and we went to a local nursing home for checkup. The doctor advised to admit him. In the nursing home he was admitted till September 28 evening. The doctors told that my son was physically fit and all reports are okay,\" recalled Maganvir, who is retired from Army.\"On September 28 night, my son condition again went deteriorated and blood came out through stool. I immediately called my brother and we went to two city private hospital Yashoda and Sarvodya but bed was not available then we went to Fortis Noida and in the wee hours on Saturday, we admitted him and without wait the hospital admitted him in minutes. After admission again blood stains came out of his stool. The doctors advised to put him on ventilator and by the time the staff put him on ventilator blood started coming out of his mouth and he breathed his last on September 20 morning,\" Maganvir added.In 2010, dengue rose to epidemic proportions in the Ghaziabad, affecting hundred of people but that time the district health department recorded 24 cases of dengue.The deceased is survived by mother Mithlesh Sharma, elder son Ashish Sharma, who is also preparing for CAT and hundred of students, who got classes from him free of cost. On Tuesday evening the students conducted a candle march. \"Akashdeep sir is still a legend and great inspiration to us. We will not miss him he will be in our hearts,\" said Aakriti, a student of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16648449", "title": "Reach out to others to wipe away blues", "text": "MUMBAI: Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan who turns 70 next week is perhaps a fitting face for senior citizens in the city who defy most age-related stereotypes. Steeped in work or busying themselves with community activities, a host of optimistic elders show how ageing is determined more by how one drives one's mind rather than body.\"A senior citizen should retire , but never tire,\" says septuagenarian and Byculla resident Abdul Latif Maqbool Shaikh whose diary of activities could put many a youngster to shame. Having retired as a Central government employee , Maqbool who lives alone voluntarily became a member of the neighbourhood mohalla committee and is selfadmittedly enjoying his postwork years. He is a familiar face in the neighbourhood, resolving community disputes or liasoning people with local police officials. He has also donned the role of a counsellor, visiting many other senior citizens who live alone in his area to offer a shoulder of support . Also, a post-holder in the Maplawadi Sarvajanik Utsav Mandal, he was busy organizing the festivities for the community Ganeshotsav the whole of last month.It is community living like his that needs to be brought back for senior citizens to feel secure, says Sujata Sriram, professor of human ecology at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences . \"Seniors need to be more involved with the community so that a sense of bonding develops ,\" she says, suggesting, for instance, that the expertise and time of senior citizens could be fruitfully utilized if they were to be involved in the committees of their housing societies or advanced locality management groups that keep a neighborhood watch.Several such as 65-year-old Kishore Kuvavala have significantly contributed with their participation.Kuvavala was one of the early pioneers of the laughter club in Priyadarshini Park. Ask him about keeping busy and he grins and proudly says he hasn't needed a single medicine nor had any bout of hospitalization in 17 years. \"Laughter not only gives you control over the body and mind, but also improves your interpersonal relationships and inspires a positive attitude,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16647940", "title": "Relatives of dead man stage protest", "text": "TRICHY: Infuriated by the death of a 20-year-old man in a road accident, his relatives staged a road blockade in front of Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital seeking action against a bus driver. As it caused disruption to traffic, police arrested 58 agitators here on Tuesday.V Rajendran (20), a teacher from Sittilarai village in Trichy district, died in MGMGH in Trichy on Monday after failing to recuperate from the injury he sustained in a road accident on September 2. The police said Rajendran was riding a motorcycle and hit a bus parked near his village. The bus driver was a certain Murugavel from the same village. Based on a complaint from the victim's father, Veerappan, Musiri police had registered a case. However, his relatives refused to take Rajendran's body and demanded action against the bus driver. The police tried to pacify the agitators, but they stood firm on their demand and blocked the road in front of the hospital. The blockade caused disruptions to traffic for half-an-hour. Assistant commissioners of police KPS Jeyachandran and VR Srinivasan held talks with the protesters to disperse, but it led to heated arguments. Jeyachandran told TOI, \"The police already got a statement from Rajendran after the accident. Based on his statement, the case was registered. Since he had died now, the case will be automatically altered. But the relatives did not understand the matter. As Rajendran hit the stationary bus, the driver could not be arrested.\"In the evening, police released the arrested persons. Then, they received the body from the hospital after post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16651018", "title": "FDI in retail: Traders in Kerala down shutters", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Trading activities came to a virtual halt across Kerala on Wednesday as shop owners downed shutters to protest against the policies of the Central and state governments, including the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail.Early reports from different centres said the response to the shut-down call given by traders' unions like Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Samiti (KVVES) has been total, especially in urban areas.Majority of hoteliers also joined the dawn-to-dusk protest.Other demands of the traders include correction of anomalies in implementation of the state Food Safety Act.Leaders of the traders bodies wanted the Congress-led UDF government in the state to come out in clear terms that FDI would not be permitted in the retail sector in the state.\"Though chief minister Oommen Chandy has said that FDI in retail will not be allowed in Kerala, the government is yet to come out with an unambiguous policy statement on the issue,\" a KVVES leader said.They said KVVES was opposed to FDI in retail anywhere in the country as it would wipe out small and medium retailers in the country.The hoteliers had voiced concern over authorities invoking provisions of the Food Safety Act in the wake of spurt in cases of stale and unhealthy food from eateries in different parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646364", "title": "Probe against \u2018tainted\u2019 cops almost over", "text": "HYDERABAD: Investigation into several important cases of corruption and indiscipline against police officers has reached a decisive phase and disciplinary action is likely to be taken against some of them very soon.A committee comprising director general (Law &amp; Order) SA Huda and inspector general (IG) KVRN Reddy, was constituted to probe alleged corrupt practices in the transfer of inspectors in Guntur. The committee has reportedly found certain evidence against Guntur range IG Harish Kumar Gupta in this regard and he is likely to be transferred soon.In the sensational case of PTO head constable Giri Prasad Sharma confining SP Lakshmi Narayana at a shop in Adarshnagar, director-general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy had appointed assistant inspector general Subba Rao as an inquiry officer. The officer has finished the probe and submitted a report. \"Based on the report, a decision has been taken to dismiss constable Sharma from service as per article 311 and the SP will be suspended,\" a source said. Following the controversy, a committee, comprising additional DG (Technical), ADG (P&L;) and IG (PTO), was formed to restructure the Police Transport Organisation.Similarly, IG (North Coastal) AP KVRN Reddy is conducting an inquiry into the allegations made by suspended Rampachodavaram ASP Naveen Kumar against East Godavari SP Trivikram Varma. The ASP alleged that the SP was indulging in corrupt practices in collusion with ganja smugglers. Though the inquiry was yet to be completed, the sources said the information gathered so far has not found the SP committing any such offence.The police department has also ordered an inquiry into the sleaze allegations against senior IPS officer and former Vijayawada police commissioner PSR Anjaneyulu, but the inquiry officer Kode Durga Prasad, who became SPG chief subsequently, was yet to submit a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647366", "title": "Govt employees fume at 'no-holiday' diktat", "text": "KOLKATA: The \"bad phase\" of a section of state government employee started on Tuesday with the cancellation of Gandhi Jayanti leave. In the next 30 days, there'll be Mahalaya, Durga Puja, Lakshmi Puja and Eid. But for more than a lakh employee involved in electoral roll revision, there'll be no leaves till October 31, not even weekly offs.The Trinamool government, while cancelling leave from October 1 to 31, claimed that the decision had to be taken in view of the roll revision work that began on Monday.The Election Commission had earlier brought forward the date of declaring the final list by 13 days. Harping on the \"breather\", panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee said, \"The EC has acknowledged our plea by advancing the list publication date. There's no reason why we should feel bad.\"Officials said the government is bent on making the most of this opportunity by getting all election-related work completed in the next three months so that panchayat elections could be conducted immediately after publication of the voter list on January 2. \"Since examinations will be in February, the government is desperately eyeing a January date,\" said a senior government official.Therefore, the district administration, which plays a crucial role in electoral roll revision, is being made to work overtime. The \"no-holiday\" circular covers a host of government employees starting from the district magistrate (DM), the ADM, SDO, BDO and a whole lot of Group B and C staffers.Ananta Bandopadhyay, general secretary of the CPM-backed Coordination Committee, said, \"It is clear that the government is trying to bring forward the panchayat elections. But there isn't much time left if delimitation, caste census and roll revision have to be completed at the same time. So the employees are being made to work harder.\"Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya called the move \"unfortunate.\" \"It is sad that the government is using the employees to achieve its political goal,\" he said.Kolkata: No pujor chhuti for a big section of the work-force in the Mamata Banerjee government. No Id holiday. No weekend off. No festivity on Mahalaya or Laxmi Puja. And no Gandhi Jayanti on Tuesday either. About one-and-a-lakh employees involved in electoral roll revision will work the hardest this festive season following the latest diktat of the Trinamool-run government.The diktat, naturally, comes as a shocker for the government staff who have so far been subjected to leave-cancellation only during calamities. What makes this one rather \"hard-hitting\" is that it comes at the most unbefitting time: the festive season.The government, while cancelling leave from 1 to 31 October, claimed that the decision had to be taken in view of the roll revision work that began on Monday and rescheduling of the final list publication from 15 to 2 January, 2013.The Election Commission, while turning down the Bengal government's plea for deferring the roll revision on October1, had given some leeway last Saturday. It had brought forward the date of declaring the final list by 13 days. Little wonder panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee could barely suppress his optimism despite the EC's rebuff. Harping on the breather, he said, \"The Election Commission has acknowledged our necessity by advancing the list publication date. So why should we feel bad?\"Officials said the Mamata government is bent on making the most of this opportunity by getting all election-related work completed in the next three months so that panchayat elections could be conducted immediately after publication of the voter list on January 2. \"Since examinations will be on in February, the government is desperately eyeing a January date,\" revealed a senior government official.Therefore, the district administration, which plays a crucial role in electoral roll revision, is being made to work overtime. The \"no-holiday\" circular covers a host of government employees starting from the district magistrate (DM), the additional district magistrate (ADM), the sub-divisional officer (SDO), block development officer (BDO) and a whole lot of Group B and C staff members required for roll revision work. Several employees from the different government departments will also be engaged in the job. They, too, will be on duty for 31 days in October.Ananta Bandopadhyay, general secretary of the CPM-backed Coordination Committee, said, \"It is clear that the government is trying to bring forward the panchayat elections. But there isn't much time left if delimitation, caste census and roll revision have to be completed at the same time. So the employees are being made to work harder. The government, naturally, is not concerned about letting down the individual worker because it has its own agenda which must be fulfilled at any cost.\"Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya called the move \"unfortunate.\" He said, \"It is sad that the government is using the employees to achieve its political goal and the sentiments relating to Durga Puja and Id are being undermined.\" Basudeb Sarkar, a government employee, said: \"This is no flood or other emergency. Why are we being deprived of our holidays just for roll revision work?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16649023", "title": "HC upholds 10-year RI in drugs case", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has upheld the sentence imposed by a trial court on Thagendra Budhmagar, a native of Nepal , to undergo rigorous imprisonment for ten years for possessing charas. Budhmagar was caught by the anti narcotics cell (ANC) with drugs near Caranzalem in 2008.The prosecution had said, on February 5, 2008, the ANC conducted a searched the accused and found 1.8 kg of charas in his possession. The narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances (NDPS) court convicted the accused under Section 20(b) (ii) (C) of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985, and sentenced him to undergo rigorous imprisonment for a period of 10 years and also to pay a fine of 1 lakh. The accused had challenged the sentence before the high court.During the hearing of the case in the high court, Budhmagar's lawyer argued that there are contradictions and variations in the testimony of the panch witnesses. He further submitted that the contraband was not in safe custody when the same was dispatched for analysis.In this case, the chemical analysis report stated that the contraband tested positive for charas.\"I have no hesitation to hold that the accused was found in possession of 1 kg 815 gm of charas, which was kept by the accused in a shoulder bag he carried,\" observed Justice A P Lavande, while dismissing the appeal filed by the accused. The high court also held that all the three witnesses have consistently deposed that the accused was apprehended near the pathway leading to Martin's Beach Corner on the Miramar-Carazalem beach.Considering that the accused was apprehended on the beach near the bushes, it cannot be expected of three witnesses to identify the exact spot, the judge stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647432", "title": "Kolkata may miss digitization deadline", "text": "KOLKATA: With less than a month left for the digitization deadline, Kolkata, it seems, won't see a smooth transition as the state government is planning otherwise. According to state urban development minister Firhad Hakim, the government is opposing the rollout of digitization right now and wants to delay it. \"We are opposing this system to be introduced now, as it will hit multiple consumers who are yet to install the set top boxes (STBs). I will hold a meeting with some of the MSOs on Wednesday,\" he said.The state has sent a letter to the Union information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni urging her to extend the deadline for switching over to digital. As per Centre's guidelines, digitization is scheduled to come into effect in four metros - Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai - from November 1. The information and broadcasting ministry has already extended the deadline for digitization from July 1 to November 1 and is unlikely to give any more leeway.Hakim's reaction is in line with what Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had said in New Delhi on Monday. She criticized the Centre's move saying it would adversely impact the poor people as many of them may find it beyond their purchasing capacity. She also said that cable operators, who are not financially well-off, will face hard times with this digitization and end up losing business. Banerjee pointed out that poor people will be deprived of any entertainment with digitization as they do not the purchasing power to buy set-top-boxes (STB).The government has set October 31 as the deadline for completing digitization in four metros.Trinamool Congress leader C M Jatua was a minister of state in the information and broadcasting ministry at the Centre before the party withdrew its support from the UPA government. The industry stakeholders are quite surprised at the state's latest move and feel that the growing rift between the Centre and the state is playing a key role in the latter's demand of delaying the rollout. reason for this decision to delay rollout.This is set to add to the woes of the cable operators and the multi service operators (MSO), who are already fearing last minute rush by the customers. Despite a flurry of advertisements by the government, customers seem to be closing their eyes to the digital switch, said MSO officials. They fear they will be swamped by a last-minute rush. And with Puja round the corner, it will be difficult to get workers.According to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), around 67% households in the city have so far opted for STBs. \"We think mostly single television homes have got the STBs. The rest should Now, others with second or third television in the house may get additional STBs in time,\" Suresh Sethia, SitiCable director, said. However, he ruled out chances of major blackout, if the digitization rollout happens from November 1.The major MSOs in the city are - SitiCable, Manthan and DigiCable. Industry stakeholders expect that the rollout in Delhi and Mumbai will be without hitches as in both these places the ruling parties are Congress. In Chennai, there is little unpreparedness, but the rollout is expected in time. it is will roll out on scheduled time.Come November 1, going by the Centre's guidelines the four metro cities - Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai - are supposed to switch over the cable television regime from analog to digital. However, it seems Kolkata would not see a smooth transition to digitization as the state is planning otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651219", "title": "Trouble for Mahesh Babu and Prem over an item number", "text": "Prem and director Mahesh Babu find themselves at the centre of a new controversy involving their upcoming Kannada film. A few citizens of Melkote have filed a complaint against the actor and filmmaker, as an item number shot there has offensive lyrics.According to the plaint, citizens have taken umbrage at Malavalli Saikrishna's lyrics \" Melkote hudugiyobbalu paduvaralli jaatreyaaga inuki inuki nodutale enu singara \", and want them changed. Interestingly, the complaint has been filed a week after the film's audio hit the market and the song gained popularity. Meanwhile, director Mahesh claims that the lyrics will be changed and the audio re-released. Will they actually do it or just bleep out the offensive words in the film? Only time will tell.  Contributed by Mahesh H", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647209", "title": "You see a pile of stones, Kolkata Municipal Corporation calls it a road", "text": "KOLKATA: If you crave off-road biking, no need to head for Bengal's hinterland. Try Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road - a mess of steel and cobbled stones that invites you to try breaking a limb or your bike on your way to office.Madan Gupta has been running his bike spare-parts shop on this road for five decades. Never in his life has he seen it in such a wretched condition. \"The road had not been repaired for ages. Now that repair work has started, the process is excruciatingly slow. It is a daily hazard to pedestrians and motorists, and it has affected our business too,\" Gupta complained on Tuesday.The 'repairs' started three months ago but the road looks worse off. The asphalt layer is worn away, exposing bare bricks and stones with gaping holes that can easily trap a car or bike wheel.The worst stretch is between Lenin Sarani and SN Banerjee Road crossings. Shopkeepers say they see dozens of bikers fall and hurt themselves every day. The rain makes it worse because the stones turn slick and the water makes it difficult to gauge the depth of these hundreds of gaping holes.TOI saw local resident Ravindra Shaw and his seven-year-old son nearly fall from their bike on Tuesday. The front wheel landed in one of the craters, hit a stone and turned. It was a narrow escape. Shaw said this was nothing new on the road.\"We risk our lives every day on Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road. Even if repairs are being made on small stretches, the progress of work has been incredibly slow,\" he said.Jagannath Saha, who runs a chemist's shop next to Gupta's store, is angry with the administration for putting thousands of commuters and residents at risk through sheer apathy.\"If Kolkata Municipal Corporation has enough funds to install decorative lights all over the city, how come they can't repair a small stretch of road?\" Saha fumed.An official of the KMC roads department conceded that repair had been slow on some stretches of Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road because of lack of coordination between Calcutta Tramways Company and KMC.Soumitra Bhattacharya, officer on special duty overseeing the KMC roads department, said they would \"swing into action a week after the CTC handed over stretches of roads\". \"We have started repairing roads across the city keeping in mind the festive season. Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road will also be repaired thoroughly once the CTC finishes its job of repairing the tram tracks,\" Bhattacharya said on Tuesday.Bhattacharya said the delay in repairing some of the worst stretches of Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road was due to delay on part of CTC authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16646811", "title": "Where is Indian hockey coach Michael Nobbs?", "text": "BANGALORE: The national hockey camp is scheduled from October 15 but there is no news about the return of chief coach Michael Nobbs and exercise physiologist David John.Hockey India secretary-general Narinder Batra added to the intrigue on Tuesday when he said that he is clueless about the inordinate delay.The contracts of both Nobbs and John were up for review after the London Olympics debacle. Hockey India is in favour of their continuation and indicated so when it forwarded their files to the Sports Authority of India (SAI) recently. SAI, in turn, has sent it to the sports ministry for its approval so that the two Australians' visas can be processed.\"We from Hockey India have approved their files. It has been sent to the Sports Authority of India which has in turn forwarded to the sports ministry. I am not sure why the ministry has delayed it. Once the ministry approves it, the visa process takes a week,\" said Batra on the sidelines of the Senior Men's National Championships here.Sports ministry sources said the file is pending with the finance ministry and will be cleared soon.In any case, assistant coaches Mohammad Riaz, BJ Cariappa and Clarence Lobo will be in charge of the camp that will have a pool of 48 players. \"Until the arrival of Nobbs and John, the camp will be conducted by Indian coaches Riaz, Lobo and Cariappa,\" Batra said.With the SAI turf in Bangalore too old and worn out and Patiala hosting the women's camp, Batra said Pune would be a likely option. \"We initially intended to have it in Patiala. But I've been informed that they can host only the women's camp and not the men's. I need to go back and decide on a new venue. Bangalore is not a possibility because of the poor condition of the turf. If nothing works out, Pune may be the last option,\" he said.Talking about the Olympic debacle, Batra said he would question five Indian players who have failed to send their reports. \"All players had to send their reports after the Olympics. Five of them haven't and we will ask them why they haven't sent it yet. We will have a hearing with all the players soon as well as with Nobbs and John and chart the way forward,\" he said.In a bid to avoid one-sided contests in the Nationals, Hockey India will conduct the tournament in two phases from 2013. \"We plan to have a two-tier system from next year. A seeding system will be brought in and the top 12 will enter the second phase. The remaining teams will battle it out in the first phase of which four will advance to the next phase. Both will be held simultaneously,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647031", "title": "Hospital performs Pune's first cadaver liver transplant", "text": "PUNE: The first ever cadaver liver transplant in the city was carried out on a 54-year-old man at the Ruby Hall Clinic on October 1. The liver was taken from a 62-year-old man from Satara who was declared brain-dead on September 30. His family decided to donate donate his kidneys and corneas too.The two harvested kidneys were transplanted on a 40-year-old man and a 55-year-old woman, who had been suffering from renal failure and had been dialysis-dependent for the last three to four years. The corneas were given to two middle-aged people suffering from total blindness.\"This is for the first time in Pune city that a cadaver liver transplant has been carried out successfully. The 54-year-old man had been suffering from liver failure for the last two years and was living a very miserable and drug-dependent life. Now, it will be crucial to see how he responds to the treatment,\" Sujata Malik, medical director of the Ruby Hall Clinic, told TOI on Tuesday.Liver transplant surgeon Harshal Rajekar conducted the surgery.\"The transplant would not have been possible without the family members who consented to donate the deceased man's organs when we approached them. This is a very noble act. The family members, despite being grief-stricken and in a state of shock, showed exemplary spirit in donating liver, both kidneys and corneas soon after the patient was declared brain-dead. The multiple-organ donation restored the quality of living and gave a new lease of life to five people,\" Malik added.On September 28, the Satara man suffered bleeding inside the skull due to hypertension - medically known as hypertensive intracranial bleeding - following which he was moved to the Ruby Hall Clinic in Pune. \"He was unconscious when he was brought to the hospital. He was admitted to the neuro-intensive care unit under the treatment of a neurosurgeon. All attempts to revive him failed. We followed all provisions and rules while declaring him brain-dead,\" Malik said.The hospital's transplant coordinator Surekha Joshi convinced the relatives to donate the organs. \"When I first approached them, they were in a state of shock and asked for some time. It was after consistent counselling that his wife, two sons and two sisters consented to donate the organs on September 30. Throughout my discussion with them, I spoke about the importance of organ donation and the concept of living after death. The family members understood this and took the noble decision to donate organs. They have set an example before all of us. Society is indebted to them,\" Joshi said.After harvesting the organs, the body of the donor was handed over to the family members on October 1. The doctors carried out the liver transplant the same morning. One kidney each was transplanted on two renal failure patients around noon, followed by corneal transplantation on two middle-aged blind people.The city's dismal cadaver donation count stands at less than 50 kidneys and three livers in the last eight years. Since there was no facility for liver transplant in the past, the Pune centre used to give the donated livers to other transplant hospitals in other cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16651364", "title": "Slowdown may drive the demand for higher tonnage trucks in India: IFTRT", "text": "CHENNAI: The truck market has been facing a serious sales slump thanks to the sluggish economic environment. The 5-49 tonne range, which comprises both medium and heavy duty trucks, have faced the brunt of this slowdown.Not surprisingly, the September sales figures are nothing to write home about either. But this sluggishness can have a positive affect as well. It can actually help drive the demand for higher-tonnage more efficient trucks on Indian roads, says a report by the Indian Foundation of Transport Research &amp; Training (IFTRT).\"Truckers are postponing their purchases to wait for the performance report from the new range of 37.2 tonne multi-axle trucks that have been launched in the market, which have lower per km /tonne fixed and operating cost over the present multi-axle trucks of 25.2 - 31.2 tonne MAV category,\" says SP Singh, senior fellow and coordinator, IFTRT. \"The slackness in the economy, has in past, encouraged the entry of high tonnage trucks in the market to bring down the operating cost to have more competitive strength to face the stress on truck rentals.\"The other good news is that the slump in demand has help cut uder utilization in the market. \"The last month of the first half of the current fiscal saw a drop of 15.45% in truck sales. But this trend has helped ease the pressure on the present truck fleet, which is under utilised by 10%-15%,\" says the IFTRT report.Although April-September truck sales are still positive - up 9.5% over the year ago period - truck sales have been feeling the heat particularly in the 5-49 tonne range. That segment continued its slide in September with maximum decline of 26.8% coming from the intermediate range (8-14 tonne) and 30.29% from tractor trailers because small truck operators are saddled with excess intermediate range fleet and the demand for tractor trailers has come down sharply as large transport contracts by public and private sector corporates slow down due the recession.\"On the back of lower cargo offerings from agri-commodity, small and medium manufacturing units and import-export trade during September 2011, the steep hike in diesel price by Rs 5 per litre in the middle of the month rattled the truck freight market and this resulted in checkered behaviour across trucking centres,\" says the IFTRT report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646559", "title": "Designer held for stealing model\u2019s dog", "text": "MUMBAI: The Oshiwara police on Monday arrested a fashion designer, who allegedly stole model Shradha Sharma's pet dog, recently. The accused, Gayatri Das, was produced before the court on Tuesday and released on bail.Das and Sharma were friends and lived in Lokhandwala, Andheri. Das often visited Sharma's house. Recently, Das took the dog out with Sharma's permission. But when Sharma asked for the dog, Das refused to return it. Following this, Sharma filed a theft complaint against Das at Oshiwara police station. The police recovered the dog from Das after her arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647045", "title": "Leave some rivers in their natural state: Experts", "text": "PUNE: Experts from the South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People (SANDRP), an informal network of organisations and individuals working on issues related to water, have urged the government to draft a policy and enact a law for protection of rivers. They also want the government to declare certain rivers in each state as 'no-go areas' and leaving them in their natural state by not building dams or hydropower projects on them.The request was made at the world river's day celebrated recently. SANDRP experts highlighted the present situation of rivers and the need to protect them. They said that there is a need to take a look at the pathetic state of rivers, riverine and connected terrestrial biodiversity and communities ahead of the upcoming 11th Conference of Parties at the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) to be hosted in Hyderabad from October 8 to 19. Millions in India depend on rivers for their livelihoods, but there is no protection for them when their livelihoods are affected by upstream dams and other interventions, said experts.Parineeta Dandekar, associate co-ordinator at SANDRP, told TOI that even as the Union ministry of environment and forests in its latest submission to the convention on biological diversity said that it has increased protected areas from 1.33 lakh square kms to 1.56 lakh sq kms, the fact is that India has next to none protected areas for explicit protection of rivers and freshwater biodiversity. In Maharashtra, Shastri river in Konkan and Wainganga in Vidarbha should be declared as 'no-go areas', she said.They suggested that India did not include 'rivers' in the definition of wetlands. Nearly all the Ramsar sites in India comprise lakes or reservoirs. \"Even they are getting affected by up-stream dams and abstraction and no effective protection is accorded to them. There are hardly any legal instruments to protect rivers and ironically it is 'legal' to completely dry and kill perennial rivers,'' experts said.It was pointed out that in reality none of the plans like National River Conservation Programme, Ganga action plan, Yamuna action plan and the recently constituted National Ganga River Basin Authority, had any success to show in terms of protection or rejuvenation of a river.Urgent need:* To protect the last remaining free-flowing rivers in the country from dams* To urgently gazette the notification declaring 135 kms of Bhagirathi from Gangotri to Uttarkashi as an eco-sensitive zone which has been pending with the MoEF for over a year* To provide urgent protection to riverine community conserved areas like temple fish sanctuaries from dams and other pressures* To allocate freshwater flows all-round the year downstream from all existing, under-construction and planned dams* To make all existing, under-construction and planned dams as fish-friendly as possible through e-flows, fish ladders and passes, by pass channels, to undertake a biodiversity assessment of all major rivers in the country before any further projects are cleared* Declare at least one river in each state and many in north-east India as no-go zones for dams and hydropower projects* Make efforts to involve ecosystem dependent, marginal communities like fishermen, riparian farmers, boatmen, estuarine fishermen, in management of their rivers and biodiversity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "karimganj", "code": "16648523", "title": "100kW solar power project inaugurated", "text": "KARIMGANJ: The much-awaited 100kW solar power project planned and engineered by NIT Silchar in south Assam's Barak Valley was formally launched.The Rs 2.7-crore project, the first of its kind in the northeast, was inaugurated by the commissioner of hills and Barak Valley division, Mahammed Ariz Ahammed, Monday at an event at the institute.The plant, 90 per cent of the funds for which were provided by the Centre, will not only electrify the entire campus of the institute but also the neighbouring areas.Speaking on the occasion, Ahammed stressed on priority domains for even and effective development of border areas. He said among the priority sectors for the border areas are education, health, family welfare, drinking water, child and woman nutrition, power, including non-conventional energy and women's self-help groups.A two-day interaction programme was also organised by NIT Silchar on the occasion to discuss issues related to implementation of development schemes in border villages. Besides Ahammed, Assam University vice-chancellor Somnath Dasgupta and the deputy commissioners of Cachar, Karimganj, Hailakandi, Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao districts took part in the programme.Ahammed said a five-year action plan should be taken up for development of backward areas.i", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652496", "title": "Eva Longoria's pal jokes about 'love for toyboys'", "text": "Eva Longoria's friend has made a quip about her penchant for toyboys.The 37-year-old actress has a series of affairs with younger men. Her marriage to Tony Parker , 30, ended in divorce and her relationship with Eduardo Cruz, 10 years her junior fizzled out after 16 months.Eva has revealed that she is now dating 25-year-old football player Mark Sanchez.\"The one thing I appreciate about Eva is that, no matter what grade a dude is in, she doesn't discriminate on who she's dating,\" Contactmusic quoted her pal George Lopez as saying.George also revealed he never sees the ' Desperate Housewives ' star on Sunday nights anymore as she is too busy watching her beau play football.\"She's very intense. She disappears on Sundays now,\" Contactmusic quoted Lopez telling E! News.It is also said that the lovebirds are taking their relationship seriously and are planning of moving in together in Manhattan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16647298", "title": "Pistols, ammunition seized at Belur station", "text": "HOWRAH: Railway police laid a trap at Belur station on Tuesday and arrested two suspected gun-runners who were trying to smuggle in pistols of the same kind that were used in the recent shootings in south Kolkata.This is the fourth such seizure in Howrah in the last few months, said an officer, adding that for every consignment that is intercepted, 10 get through.Two country-made automatic pistols of 9mm and 7.56mm caliber and 50 bullets were seized from Gautam Kunwar and Chhotu Kunwar, say police. The duo was nabbed after they got off the Jamalpur Express and were handing over the guns to Md Shakil, a notorious criminal of the Pilkhana area, say sources.Gautam and Chhotu admitted that the guns and bullets were from Munger in Bihar , said an officer. \"Illegal gun factories in Munger have moved from single-shot guns and kattas to automatic handguns. What is of concern is that these are pistols have magazines that can hold 8-9 bullets. Even if the first round misses, the criminal can keep on firing,\" an official said.\"Whether Shakil intended to use the guns himself or hand them over to others will only be known after interrogation. We have taken them into custody,\" said Howrah railway police SP Milan Kanta Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647920", "title": "Air fares up due to domestic turmoil", "text": "CHENNAI: This is clearly not the best season to fly domestic. An economy ticket on Wednesday costs between 4,300 and 11,200 for Hyderabad, 3,088-4,800 to Bangalore, 8,900-13,500 to Delhi, and 10,600-18,000 to Port Blair. This is about 20-40% higher than usual.While the Telangana unrest is believed to have made road and rail journey to Andhra Pradesh difficult, the Cauvery dispute has affected road traffic across Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. Adding to the problem, the partial lockout declared by Kingfisher Airlines has cut down seat capacity on trunk routes of Mumbai and Delhi.Fares to Port Blair have been hovering between 10,000 and 19,000 because only Jet Airways is operating a direct flight in the sector on Wednesday as Kingfisher has suspended services till Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16646604", "title": "Guntur brothers create history in Srinagar", "text": "NAGPUR: In the late sixties, Ghosh brothers from Kolkata, Dipu and Roman, dominated the national badminton circuit. Elder brother Dipu won several men's singles titles, and he also won quite a few doubles titles in the company of his brother Roman.After more than four decades, brothers from Guntur (Andhra Pradesh) - K Nandagopal and K Srikanth - repeated the Ghosh brothers' feat by reaching the men's singles semifinals of the ongoing 77th Senior National badminton championships on Tuesday.Another sibling duo - Sourabh and Sameer Varma from Dhar (MP) - came close to matching this feat last year in Bangalore but missed out. Sameer lost in the quarterfinals while Sourabh went on to claim his maiden title.Nadagopal, 21, and Srikanth, 19, both train at the Hyderabad-based Pullela Gopichand Academy. The siblings have an athletic built and both are six feet tall.\"We have been training under Gopi sir since last four years. Sudhakar Reddy was our coach when we were training in Vaizag. In 2008, we shifted to Hyderabad. Our game has improved a lot by playing at Gopi sir's academy,\" Nandagopal told TOI on Tuesday. The BA (Final) student halted the dream run of Chhattisgarh's Shreyansh Jaiswal beating him 21-18, 21-9 in their quarterfinal clash.On the adjacent court, his younger brother Srikanth caused one of the biggest upsets here by shocking RMV Gurusaidutt. Srikanth, playing against his academy partner Guru for the first time in a competitive tournament, recorded a remarkable 21-13, 21-19 victory.It was for the first time, either brother reached the last four. However, both lost their semifinal matches later in the day.In the junior nationals held in Jaipur early this year, Srikanth, a first year BA student, had gone down to Sameer Varma in the U-19 semis.After the Srinagar Nationals, both are determined to make a mark at the international level. Srikanth is ranked 125 in the world, while Nandagopal, who had a one-year stint at the Taby Club in Sweden as a professional player in 2011, is ranked 147.\"Our target is to break into the top-100 in another six months. We are thankful to Gopi Sir for his coaching. Our real development as players happened under him,\" said Nandagopal, who is an employee of the Airports Authority of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647109", "title": "Pune witnesses 33.9 mm rain in 12 hours", "text": "PUNE: The city recorded 65.1 mm of post-monsoon rain in the first two days of October, which is close to 73.4 mm in July, the crucial monsoon month, and almost double the 34.5 mm rain in June.The rainfall is 55.4 mm more than the normal mark for the post-monsoon season which began on October 1. The four-month monsoon season ended on September 30.The India Meteorological Department's (IMD) Shivajinagar observatory, which covers most of Pune city, recorded 37.7 mm rainfall in the 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Tuesday. Of this, 33.9 mm rain was recorded between 8.30 pm on Monday and 8.30 am on Tuesday.\"Unlike the monsoon rain, these are local convective showers that are accompanied by thunder and lightning,\" an official from the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said.The Lohegaon observatory, which covers the eastern outskirts of the city, recorded 60 mm rain in the 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Tuesday. It has recorded 89.4 mm total rainfall since October 1, which is 77.7 mm more than normal.\"We expect a similar pattern of post-monsoon rain or thundershowers to continue towards evening and night for the next two days,\" the official said. The low pressure area that prevailed over coastal Andhra Pradesh and its neighbourhood on Monday, has moved to Telangana and adjoining areas, he added.\"An upper air cyclonic circulation over the east-central Arabian Sea off the Maharashtra coast persists in the lower levels of the atmosphere,\" he said. These systems increase rainfall in Konkan and Goa, central Maharashtra, and Marathwada regions, he said.Fairly widespread rainfall was reported from most parts of Konkan and Goa and at many places in central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south, and Marathwada. A few places in Vidarbha also received rain.Akole in Ahmednagar district and Satara city recorded 70 mm each. Mumbai's Colaba observatory recorded 50 mm while the Santacruz observatory recorded 40 mm, in the last 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Monday.Three criteria for retreating monsoonPUNE: The four-month southwest monsoon season ended on September 30, but the monsoon phenomenon is in the process of a phased withdrawal from the country. This is the sixth consecutive year when the withdrawal has been delayed by over three weeks from its normal date of September 1.The IMD declares the withdrawal in a phased manner, subject to fulfilment of three criteria in an area __ five days of continuous dry spell; reduction in moisture, as shown by the satellite water colour imagery; and a change in the wind pattern.This year, the withdrawal process had started from extreme parts of west Rajasthan on September 24 and the monsoon has since retreated in phases from the northern and northwestern states, up to parts of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh by September 26.On Tuesday, the IMD map showed the withdrawal line passing through parts of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, which means there has been no further withdrawal since September 26.The process remains stalled by the formation of a low pressure area in the west-central Bay of Bengal that has led to an increased rainfall in the southern and northeastern states for the last couple of days. \"We do not expect the withdrawal line to move any further for the next three to four days unless the low pressure area declines,\" the IMD official said.The IMD's all India weather summary stated that the southwest monsoon was vigorous over Assam and Meghalaya, Konkan and Goa, central Maharashtra, Marthwada, coastal Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and north interior Karnataka.It stated that the monsoon has been active over sub-Himalayan West Bengal, Sikkim and coastal Karnataka and is subdued over Gangetic West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16646784", "title": "Constable resigns, alleges foul play in probe of daughter's death", "text": "JODHPUR: Alleging foul play in the investigation of his daughter's death , a traffic constable resigned from his post.Accusing the police of shielding the accused, the constable approached the IG (Jodhpur) seeking a fair investigation into the case.Mishrilal's daughter Rupa was married to one Pema Ram of Padu village for four years. \"Her in-laws used to ill treat her and demanded dowry. On September 21, she had come to visit me and the same day she returned to her in-laws' place. The next day I heard of her death,\" said the father.On September 22, Rupa was found hanging from the roof of her room.Mishrilal rushed to the village and lodged an FIR against Rupa's in-laws. \"I am not satisfied with the investigation as the investigation officer is trying to shield the culprits,\" he alleged. Her in-laws and husband have been arrested.The traffic constable alleged that he was being forced by the police and village sarpanch to reach a compromise with the in-laws.\"We have lodged a case under Sections 402 A and 498 A of the IPC. We also have kept the option of section 302 of IPC open vis-a-vis the post-mortem report as it needs to be ascertained if she committed suicide or was hanged after murder,\" said IG D C Jain.\"If this can happen to me, one can imagine that what can happen to a common man. To protest this treatment with me by my own people despite serving for 28 years, I have resigned from my post and will take up the issue as far as I have to go until the justice to my daughter is not meted out,\" he averred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649240", "title": "Deadline over, Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank no closer to meeting RBI norms", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the deadline for Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank (NDCCB) to meet RBI parameters regarding finances ended on September 30, the bank is facing a tough time raising the Rs 160 crore required to meet the norms.The bank had been planning to sell off a major commercial complex it built in Mahal and get at least Rs 80 crore. The rest of the funds were to be contributed from profits and reserves. However, it has not been able to find any buyer for the building at this price. The highest offer it got was Rs 70 crore, which the bank did not find suitable.A senior NDCCB official said it hopes to clock a profit of Rs 50 crore in this financial year. After this, it can pull out certain special reserves of Rs 20 crore and raise share capital of up to Rs 10 crore. This total comes to Rs 80 crore, and if the sale of the building fetches the expected Rs 80 crore, the bank will be able to raise the required funds. RBI wants NDCCB to bring its capital to risk weighted assets ratio (CRAR) to 4%, which is currently at (-) 7.22%.There are six beleaguered district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) in the state facing the RBI deadline. With none of them any close to meeting the norms, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had called on union finance minister P Chibambaram to seek a Rs 550 crore bailout package. The centre has not reverted on this demand yet, and RBI has also not taken any decision on scrapping the banks' licence so far. The other banks are Wardha, Buldhana, Osmanabad, Nandurbar and Dhule.Even as others banks in the state are facing RBI strictures mostly due to bad lending, NDCCB has been affected only due to the Rs 150 crore scam during Sunil Kedar's regime. Kedar is now a Congress MLA from Saoner. He was a NCP leader in 2002 when the alleged scam took place.Wardha District Central Cooperative Bank (WDCCB) has also suffered losses due to the scam, but bad loans have their share in this bank's crisis too. It had routed Rs 25 crore through NDCCB in the loss making investments.The other affected bank in the region is Buldhana District Central Cooperative Bank, which is trying hard to recover NPAs, but is finding it difficult. However, the Wardha bank hopes to get Rs 90 crore from an earlier restructuring scheme launched by the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16647867", "title": "DC directs college to withdraw ban on burqa", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada District administration has directed the Kukke Shri Subrahmanyeshwara (KSS) College of Sri Kukke Subrahmanya Temple administration not to implement ban on burqa on its campus.DC NS Channappa Gowda has directed the college authorities to maintain status quo and withdraw the decision to ban burqa on the campus. The college management's decision to ban burqa inside the campus had raised objections from various quarters including Congress. Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat former member Bharath Mundodi had warned the college authorities of protest if the decision was not withdrawn.The DC said, \"I have asked them not to implement the ban and also directed them to maintain the status quo with regard to discipline inside the campus.\" Asked whether the college can introduce such ban in future before the commencement of academic year, the DC said, \"we will see it later.\"CFI condemnsCampus Front of India district committee has condemned KSS College's decision. CFI district president Muhammed Imran saud, \"The college, which has a history of nearly 30 years, did not introduce any such rules so far. The ban on burqa inside the campus is against the Constitution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647191", "title": "Disabled held for cheating woman", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old speech and hearing impaired man was arrested by the Anna Nagar all-women police on Monday on charges of rape.Baskaran, 25, has been accused of having sex with a woman, also hearing impaired, after promising to marry her and then dumping her.Police said Baskaran, employed with a private firm, befriended the woman while they were studying in a special school in MGR Nagar. A year ago, he took her to a friend's house where he had sex with her.A month ago, after he refused to marry her, she lodged a complaint, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16648845", "title": "Indore-Yeshwantpur train still off the track", "text": "INDORE: South bound passengers from Indore and neighbouring regions are still waiting for proper train connectivity to southern states especially Bangalore and Hyderabad. A passenger train between Indore and Yeshwantpur (Bangalore) proposed in the 2012-13 Railway budget is yet to chug off as design flaws in its general coaches have forced the railway authorities to hold back operation of the train.Design flaws in four general LHB coaches have still kept the proposed Indore-Yeshwantpur (Bangalore) train off the trackIt is learnt that the 'design problems' in the new coaches were detected recently at the Kapoorthala Rail Coach Factory. \"Four Linke Holfmann Busch (LHB) general coaches have design problems,\" said director (coaching) Ravi Mohan Sharma over phone from Delhi, adding that he would not be able to tell as to when exactly these coaches would be declared fit to run.Surprisingly, he said that the Indian Railways has been running a special train between Indore and Yeshwantpur to facilitate the passengers from the region. However, when the claim of the director was verified from PRO office it was found that there was no special train running between the two cities.\"How does it matter for passengers whether it's a special train or a regular train,\" he said adding that a special train is being to cater to the needs of passengers.Western Railway would be the first to introduce general coaches of LHB.\"There are many trains running with LHB rake including Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Duronto Express,\" said Sharma adding that it was first time that four LHB general coaches are being provided to normal trains.When pursued with the query as to when can we expect the train to run, the director reiterated that no limit can be set for this.\"We were expecting the train to hit the track within few weeks or months of announcement in the budget. But unfortunately, the train is yet to start,\" said Satya Murthy, a frequent traveller to Bangalore adding that the train would save a lot of time for the passengers.Shail Tripathi, a software engineer with a local firm, believes that the connectivity of trains between Indore and cities like Bangalore and Hyderabad are a must as Indore is being developed as an IT hub of Madhya Pradesh.PRO (WR) Pradeep Sharma said the rake would be of 19 coaches. \"But we are expecting 26 coaches to reach Indore, out of which seven would be reserved,\" he said. The train can be run at a speed of 120 to 130 kmph and the coaches have been designed keeping in mind the safety of the passengers.\"These German-made coaches are crashworthy and in case of an eventuality do not get toppled,\" said the PRO. The sound level of these coaches is 60 decibel as against that of the conventional coaches with 100 decibel. Apart from the Controlled Discharge Toilet System (CDTS), the LHB coaches are equipped with improved suspension system.As regards the staff for maintaining these coaches, the PRO said railway staff is being trained in maintaining these coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647526", "title": "Anti-corruption bureau seizes 1.5kg gold from forest official's bank locker", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Monday seized 1.5 kg of gold ornaments and Rs 5 lakh from the bank locker of forest range officer Vishwas Bhadale.\"So far, investigations have revealed that Bhadale has amassed disproportionate assets worth Rs 1.34 crore,\" said assistant commissioner of police (ACB) Rajendra Galande.The ACB had arrested Bhadale on September 27 for accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh in a case pertaining to encroachment on a reserved forest land at Wanowrie. Bhadale was in police custody remand till October 1. He was released on bail by the court after his police custody remand ended on Monday.Following Bhadale's arrest, ACB officials conducted searches at his Bibvewadi residence and seized Rs 5.5 lakh, 600 gram of gold ornaments worth Rs 18 lakh, 12.5 kg of silver ornaments and several property documents. The ACB also found that Bhadale owned three flats - two at Panvel and another at Bibvewadi as well as five plots at Ambegaon, Ketkavale and Bhor. He owned a three-storied apartment at Ambegaon behind Bharati Vidyapeeth and that he had converted the bungalow with 30 rooms into a ladies' hostel.During the search, the ACB officials had also found that Bhadale had a locker at a cooperative bank in Saswad and they had sealed it. \"On Friday, we checked Bhadale's bank locker. We found Rs 5 lakh and around 1.5 kg of gold ornaments together worth Rs 47.69 lakh from the locker,\" Galande said.He said the police have also found documents of several plots with Bhadale. \"The ACB has also initiated an 'open inquiry' against Bhadale and his family members,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16646447", "title": "Revenue officials tied in knots over Pahelwan\u2019s land", "text": "HYDERABAD: Six months after his arrest in a murder case and amidst allegations of land grabbing, the district administration is yet to ascertain if a substantial chunk of land in Yakutpura on which Hamza bin Omar alias Zafar Pahelwan's large house stands actually belongs to the government.It was on March 29 that the Hyderabad police took Zafar Pahelwan into custody in the murder case. As allegations of land encroachment cropped up, revenue officials were roped in. On inspection it came to light that around 1700 square yards of graveyard land belonging to the government was encroached and another extent measuring four acres could also be government land.It was on the graveyard that a tomb, allegedly that of Bhagmati, was found but archeology department subsequently clarified that there was no evidence to back such claims.According to sources in the collector's office, mandal officials discovered that the contested land was registered as patta land in the name of some individuals with survey number 52E in town survey records. To seek clarification, mandal officials wrote to the district administration. Given the extent of the land, revenue officials wondered how it could remain patta land and not come under the Urban Land Ceiling Act (ULC).\"Officials are in the process of examining the pahani records corresponding to the land which were in use prior to town survey,\" said a source.Revenue officials are having a tough time establishing the ownership of the land. They have been unable to correlate the survey number in TSLR records to the pahani records which sources say, could imply that the pahani records pertaining to the land in question are either not revealing or have become mysteriously untraceable.An official in the Charminar tehsildar's office said that they are waiting for information from the RDO's office.On the graveyard land, the official said, \"There are legal issues involved in reclaiming the graveyard. But we will seek the assistance of the police and proceed with it after the legal hassles are cleared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16648154", "title": "Court seeks report on heart valve racket", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The additional chief judicial magistrate court here directed the investigating official to submit the inquiry report on the heart valve racket allegedly operating at Thiruvananthapuram Medical College, on October 1. Involvement of doctors and staff was alleged in the case.Judge Joshi John directed the Medical College police circle inspector to submit the report. The case is that some doctors in the Medical College and agents had duped some poor patients by claiming that they would arrange heart valves for a minimal rate even when the valves were provided free for poor patients.The petitioner in the case alleged that the respondents in the case, owner of a surgical stores Premachandran, charitable institutions, and Medical College doctors Rajashekaran and Abdul Rasheed, conspired together and charged Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh for the valves that were supposed to be given free to the poor patients. Premachandran was alleged to have acted as a conduit between some doctors in the thoracic surgery department and patients.The investigation was not conducted in an effective way as the persons involved in the crime were influential persons, the petition said.The racket came to light with the arrest of Premachandran, a native of Neyyattinkara, in 2009 on a complaint from two women who had come to the hospital for treatment. Police said Premachandran was the main link in the racket. Police had said that middlemen used to procure artificial heart valves provided for BPL patients registered with the hospital for free, with the help of doctors or staff, and sell them to other needy persons at high rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647609", "title": "Few takers for auto permits", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a fortnight after the transport department started the process of issuing new permits to autorickshaw drivers, only a handful of permits have been issued. \"Till now, only around 12-14 new permits have been issued to drivers,\" said a senior transport department official on Tuesday.The new permits come with mandatory GPS-based meters, a sore point with the autorickshaw unions in the city. The Delhi government is planning to issue 10,000 new autorickshaw permits in the first phase of the project. The Supreme Court had earlier this year allowed the government to add 45,000 new TSRs the current fleet of 55,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16647267", "title": "500-year-old Puja guards its secrets", "text": "Midnapore: In a little-known hamlet in West Midnapore's Keshpur, a zamindar family carries on with its 500-year-old Puja, zealously guarding its secret blood rituals and pagan customs.Away from the glitz and glamour of the urban saradotsav, this puja has its roots in the late Sultanate period when the local zamindar, Bankura Roy invoked the goddess to defeat the foreign rulers. It was a break from custom for the Shaivite clan - and the first in a series of unique rituals to follow.The almanac says Durga Puja begins on October 20. But for the zamindar family, the goddess descends much earlier - on October 9. It's a 15-day festival that ends with Dashami on October 24. Legend has it that Bankura Roy gave shelter to poet Kabikankan Mukundaram Chakravarti at his estate in Arhrah village in Jaipur forest. And it was at this chandi mandap that Mukundaram wrote his famous Chandimangalkavya, which forms an integral part of the puja.Since then the Roy family has passed through several twists and turns, was granted the Deb title by the British, shifted places in Midnapore till they settled in this quiet Keshpur village. But the Puja legacy continues. All eight descendants of the Roy family, who were granted the Deb title from the British, gather to pray at their Durga temple.\"The puja transcends family barriers and turns into a village festival for these 15 days. The Devi is offered fish and mutton bhog which is later distributed among villagers. However, the anjali is restricted to the male members of the family and their wives who are from Brahmin families,\" said Laksmhan Chandra Deb, the eldest in the clan.His brothers Suprovat and Ashis said their clan has now branched out into 54 families spread out across the country. \"All of us contribute for the puja,\" said Suprovat. \"Earlier we used to get government grants for the puja. It was stopped by the Jyoti Basu government in 1980,\" said Lakshman Chandra Deb.The durga idol here is ashtadashabuja (18 hands) instead of the usual dashabhuja (10 hands) and depicts the asura coming out of the mahish. Unlike the barwari pujas, there are no idols of Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ganesh and Kartika. They are all painted in patachitra and placed by the side of the idol, said Lakshman. On all 15 days, family priest Alok Banerjee reads out from Chandimangal - a tradition that dates back to the days of Mukundaram Chakravarti, five centuries ago.The puja here has a pagan punch. It is seen as a continuation of the prayers offered to the house deities in the form of Bishalakshmi, Bhairav, Dakshinakali, Mahamaya, Manasa, Sheetala and Pabananda.However, the zamindar family did break away from the past on one count - it has done away with human sacrifice (narabali). It has been replaced with a ritual that the Deb family prefers to keep secret. On the midnight of Navami puja, the chandi mandap is closed to outsiders. During this time, the male family members enter an underground chamber along with family priest to offer blood to the deity.And as Tagore mentioned in his essay Sahitya, during this period of political, social and cultural turmoil, the Bengali could no longer turn with conviction to Lord Bholanath (Siva), an ascetic. A more potent and efficacious force was needed by the rural masses at such a time, which could be provided only through the worship of Sakti, through the medium of the Mangal Kabya. One can spot this in the Keshpur durga puja as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16648788", "title": "Baby ward fire triggers panic at Medical College", "text": "KOLKATA: A fire broke out at the neo-natal unit of Calcutta Medical College on Tuesday night, sparking panic among patients and families. There were 29 babies in the nursery when the fire was detected.The infants and their mothers were evacuated as smoke billowed into the ward. Nursing staff had a hard time moving patients with oxygen cylinders and IV drips but they managed to get them all out before smoke filled the room.Some mothers were seen wailing for their babies, who were in incubators. Relatives of a few patients wanted to shift them to other hospitals, fearing an AMRI tragedy rerun, but the hospital staff persuaded them to return to the ward after the fire was doused.\"The sight of mothers and nurses running out of the ward with newborns in their arms paralyzed us with fear,\" said an elderly lady, whose daughter is admitted in another ward.A short circuit in an airconditioning machine is believed to have sparked the fire at 10.30pm. Three fire engines responded immediately and put out the fire in about half an hour, fire officials said.Forensic experts and PWD engineers will inspect the site on Wednesday to detect the cause of the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646809", "title": "2 years on, no action yet on 14 irrigation officers", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has failed to take action against 14 senior officers held responsible for gross misconduct in executing the Gosikhurd national irrigation project in Bhandara district of Vidarbha. The cost of the project is currently pegged at Rs 7,777 crore, but is expected to increase to Rs 13,000 crore.As part of its investigation into the mega irrigation scam, TOI has learned that the deputy secretary of the state water resources department had ordered a departmental inquiry against them two years ago.The order issued by deputy secretary Atul Kote on November 23, 2010, stated that these officers should face disciplinary proceedings. The order was based on irregularities found by the Vadnare committee, which was appointed by the state to probe alleged malpractices in Vidarbha projects. Nand Kumar Vadnare is a retired principal secretary (water resources). The officials indicted include a retired chief engineer, two superintending engineers and 11 executive engineers.His report was submitted in two parts\u2014one pertained exclusively to Gosikhurd while the other dealt with the remaining projects in Vidarbha. Interestingly, only the Gosikhurd report, which probed tenders worth Rs 3,500 crore, was placed before the state assembly on the last day of the session in December 2010. The second part of Vadnare's report, which investigated tenders worth Rs 10,000 crore, has not seen the light of day.Government sources said Vadnare's second report would have put at least 60-70 officers in the dock.Vadnare's Gosikhurd report led the state to issue showcause notices to the 14 officers posted in Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation. The officers put up their defence, but their replies were found to be unsatisfactory and the government then issued an inquiry notice along with a departmental chargesheet. Sources say no further action has been initiated against these officers since then.The Vadnare committee found that as many as 90 tenders for the Gosikhurd project were increased by violating rules and regulations. One of the major flaws discovered was the unlawful increase in the estimated tender cost. Taxes such as VAT, excise duty , works contract etc, which were already included in the original estimate, were included once again.\"In some cases, tender costs were not based on department price levels (CSR/DSR) completely, but strangely derived and appeared to be much more than the actual,\" the report said. Vadnare also discovered that none of the lead statements (transportation charges to procure material from the quarry to project site) was sanctioned by the chief engineer. \"This is a major lacuna,\" it said. The report mentioned that rates for some raw materials were awarded much in excess.The Gosikhurd project, which started in 1982, is still incomplete. Work on the main dam is ready, but the crucial canal network distribution system is only 25% complete. The total sum spent so far is Rs 6,609 crore. A senior irrigation department official said the cost escalation is \"scandalous\" because it would take another Rs 7,000 crore to complete the remaining canal system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647429", "title": "Commuters' groups write to chief minister demanding stay on fare hike", "text": "PUNE: Several bus commuters' groups have sent a joint memorandum to chief minister Prithiviraj Chavan demanding an immediate stay on the ?Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited's (PMPML's)The bus commuters' groups said the government has not appointed any consumer representative on the district transport authority. The decision taken by the authority is unilateral and should be stayed by the government, they said. In a memorandum submitted to Chavan, the commuters' groups said they had demanded a public hearing by the district transport authority on the proposal about fare hike.\"The authority, while taking a decision about hike in fares for autorickshaws had heard the views of the consumer representatives. However, the authority did not consider our demand for a similar public hearing on the issue of fare hike for PMPML,\" the groups have said in their letter to the chief minister.The groups which have signed the memorandum include Sajag Nagrik Manch, PMP Pravasi Manch, Lokayat, IAC Pravasi Sanghatna, Pune Zilla Molkarin Sanghatna, Nagrik Chetna Manch, Pune Cycle Prathisthan, Nagari Hakka Samiti, Senior Citizens Federation and National RTI Forum.The commuters groups have launched the \"PMP Bus Seva Bachao Abhiyan\" to highlight the problems of bus commuters and how the services can be improved if the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) provide the required financial assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "16648065", "title": "Leopard attacks lady", "text": "HASSAN: A woman was attacked by a leopard at Aradana Halli, Holenarasipura taluk, on Tuesday.Sannamma, 45, resident of Aradana Halli, was attacked when she went to attend nature's call at 2 am. She was rushed to the government hospital where she is being treated for injuries.Rangayya, a villager, said that leopard attacks were common in the area. Their pets and cattle were often attacked by the big cats, he added.Villagers and forest officials managed to trap a few leopards over the past year.\"But with the increase in the leopard population it has become a challenge,\" says Rangayya.However we tried to trap them in cages we get tired. Big cats do not come near cages and they are aware of getting trapped, he said.Gundayya, another resident, says that villagers are scared to keep dogs as pet as leopards often hunt the animal.So far leopards have killed five persons in the past one year and many have been injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16649054", "title": "Now, doorstep banking service for the elderly", "text": "PANAJI: Senior citizens living in the state need not travel to banks to withdraw money, as the state government has decided to engage youth on commission basis to provide the same service by using a hand-held equipment for withdrawal.Speaking to mediapersons on Tuesday, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the unique identification authority of India (UIDAI) chairman, Nandan Nilekani , suggested that the state government should use hand-held equipment, which they have come out with, to debit money from accounts at the doorstep by using a satellite link.\"If this system is used, then elderly people need not go to the bank to withdraw money; we have declared that in next one year, we will come out with the system where the government will engage youth on commission to run these services,\" he said.He also said that this will generate employment for youth, as well as ease the hardships for seniors, who now have to travel to banks to withdraw moneyThe state has crossed the 70% enrolment mark of Goans under UID. \"If we are not able to cross 85% enrolment by October, then we will have a special drive to enroll the remaining people under the UID scheme,\" said Parrikar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "16647419", "title": "Congress to play AIIMS card in panchayat polls", "text": "JALPAIGURI: With an eye on the ensuing panchayat polls, the Congress seems to be going all out to retain the AIIMS-like hospital project in North Dinajpur's Raiganj.The party has already started its campaign across north Bengal criticizing Trinamool for its effort to shift the project to Nadia's Kalyani. After Siliguri and Cooch Behar, Congress held a public meeting at Jalpaiguri on Tuesday, where the leaders urged their workers to go for a door-to-door campaign informing people how desperate Trinamool is to shift the proposed project to Kalyani.\"The booth committees will have to work tirelessly for positive results in the panchayat polls. It is the demand of Congress to set up the AIIMS-like hospital at Raiganj only. However, Trinamool is hell-bent on shifting the project to Kalyani. We have to reach out to every people of north Bengal and tell them about the step-motherly attitude of Trinamool towards north Bengal,\" said Pradip Bhattacharya, president of Bengal Congress.\"The entire cost will be borne by the Centre. The state will only have to provide the land. Despite the fact that farmers are ready to give their land for the project, the state government is unwilling to set up the hospital at Raiganj,\" said Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi.Lashing out at the Mamata Banerjee government, Das Munshi said Trinamool wanted to take the project out of north Bengal, since it would have strengthened the base of Congress in the district.The Union cabinet on February 5, 2009, had approved Rs 823 crore for setting up the AIIMS-like hospital with 960 beds and 39 speciality and super-speciality clinics at Raiganj in North Dinajpur, the home turf of former Union minister Priya Ranjan Das Munshi.The erstwhile Left Front government had failed to acquire the 100 acres required to house the project and had sent a proposal to shift the project to Rajarhat. Now, Mamata Banerjee has expressed her interest to shift the project to Kalyani.\"People in north Bengal were deprived during the Left Front rule and the Mamata Banerjee government is repeating the same thing. We have to make people understand the reality,\" Das Munshi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649181", "title": "Bail shouldn't be cancelled mechanically: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Giving respite to two brothers allegedly caught gambling during IPL matches, the Bombay High Court's bench at Aurangabad has ruled that \"bail granted to accused can't be cancelled in a mechanical manner\" while allowing their appeal.\"Bail once granted should not be cancelled in a mechanical manner, without considering whether any supervening circumstances have rendered it no longer conducive to a fair trial to allow the accused to retain his freedom by enjoying the concession of bail during the trial,\" a single-judge bench comprising justice Shrihari Davare ruled.The Latur police had arrested some persons under Bombay Prevention of Gambling Act 1887 for gambling during IPL matches on May 22. However, names of petitioners - Uttamkumar and Madhukar Wagh - were not mentioned in the FIR. They came to know from newspaper reports that the arrested accused were trying to implicate them in the case.Apprehending arrest, the Wagh brothers appeared before the Latur JMFC and secured bail on May 24. The police made an application before JMFC on June 18 to include Section 420 of IPC in the FIR and also sought permission to arrest the petitioners for investigations. The JMFC court on July 25 cancelled their bail and permitted the police to arrest them.The petitioners challenged this order through a criminal revision before the sessions court. The ad hoc additional sessions judge dismissed it on August 4. The duo then approached the high court for protection.Appearing for Wagh brothers VD Salunke said there are no cogent and overwhelming circumstance to cancel the bail and police don't have any evidence that the applicants were misusing their liberty. He added that the offences alleged against them were bailable and once bail is granted, it cannot be cancelled abruptly only for the inclusion of a section in the FIR.Citing Supreme Court orders, Justice Davare observed that once an accused was enlarged on bail for a certain offence and during the investigation new section is added, for which minimum punishment is not life imprisonment or death penalty, then magistrate will be within his jurisdiction to ask the applicant to furnish fresh bonds for newly added section.\"For investigation under Section 420, the course adopted by the trial court, of cancelling bail already granted to the applicants for offences punishable under Bombay Prevention of Gambling Act, which are bailable, is erroneous, since no cogent and overwhelming circumstances were pointed out for cancellation of the said bail,\" the judge observed.(With inputs from Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16650321", "title": "All-India police soccer meet in December", "text": "PATNA: Bihar police, after a gap of 22 years, will organize the BN Mullik 61st All-India Police Football Championship from December 12 to 21. This was announced by DGP Abhyanand while releasing 'Tiger' as mascot of the game here on Tuesday.DG Ashok Kumar Gupta and ADGs Krishna Chowdhary, AC Verma, Sunit Kumar and PK Thakur were also present on the occasion.The DGP said the 'Tiger' has been selected as mascot just to provide some teeth to save the tiger campaign and Valmikinagar Tiger Reserve being the fifth largest in the country.He further said next year the state police would organize All-India Police Athletic Meet. The state government has already sanctioned the necessary fund for laying of synthetic eight-lane track at the Mitihilesh Stadium, he said, adding that the synthetic track would be of international standard and the first in the state.Organizing secretary of the game Ravindran Shankaran said that in all 36 teams from different states and central para military forces would vie for the trophy. International player Baichung Bhutia is likely to attend the meet.He said that league matches of the meet would also be held in Gaya, Munger and Bettiah apart from Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "16647190", "title": "Six realtors, agents held for massacre of Ramnad family", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Police arrested six people on Tuesday, all realtors and their agents in connection with the murder of a family of six in Ramanathapuram district.Inquiries revealed that realty row was behind the act. \"Land dispute was the motive. We have arrested six persons and have launched a hunt for three more persons,\" said Ramanathapuram DIG, S Ramasubramani.The arrested have been identified as Louis Raj of Singarathope near Ramanathapuram and Suja Ghani, Muniyandi, Mangalanthan, Kalimuthan and Panchatcharam of Uchipuli. Ramanathapuram DSP Manivannan said four of the accused were instigators while five persons carried out the act of setting fire to the hut. \"All the four instigators have been arrested. We will arrest the remaining soon,\" he said. Six people, including a woman and her four children, were charred to death as the hut they were sleeping in was set on fire by miscreants on Monday in Thoppuvalasai near Uchipuli.Police said that a dispute broke out between Kalimuthu and Louis a year ago and they lodged complaints against each other. Muniyandi of Vellamasivalasai and Kalimuthan of Kakinatuvalasai, agents of Louis, threatened Kalimuthu to vacate their land a few days ago. When she refused, they decided to kill her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648563", "title": "\u2018200 certificates issued to participants\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Mahatma Gandhi's birthday was celebrated with fervour at Gandhi Dham on the banks of river Satluj. An organization named Mahatma Gandhi Peace Mission comprising residents from Ludhiana and Phillaur was also formed on the occasion for looking after the maintenance of this memorial, where the ashes of the Mahatma were immersed in 1948.\"We issued over 200 such certificates to participants on Tuesday and we are hopeful that they would always remember their oath,\" said Goel.He added that it is after a long time that such celebrations have taken place here and the memorial has turned alive. \"People from all religions, besides politicians, students and teachers have attended the birthday celebrations of the father of the nation and this in fact is a new beginning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648280", "title": "Admiral Gorshkov delay upsets India", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will 'strongly' take up with Russia the delay in delivery of aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya, the refurbished Admiral Gorshkov, asking it to deploy additional manpower to ensure the large warship's 'refit package' is completed within six-seven months.Defence minister A K Antony will stress this to his visiting Russian counterpart Anatoly Serdyukov during the 12th meeting of India-Russia Inter-Governmental Commission on Military Technical Cooperation (IRIGC-MTC) here on Thursday, said sources.The delivery of the already much-delayed Vikramaditya was to take place on December 9, as per the re-revised timeline, but crippling engine-boiler malfunctions during the carrier's recent sea trials have put paid to the plan. It has been a double whammy for the Navy as far as its long-standing ambition to deploy two operational carrier battle groups (CBGs) by 2015 was concerned. First, delivery schedule of the 40,000-tonne indigenous aircraft carrier (IAC) being built at Cochin Shipyard was pushed to 2018.And now, it's certain the 44,570-tonne Vikramaditya will not be ready for induction anytime before end-2013 at the earliest. So, India will have to soldier on with its solitary carrier, the over 50-year-old 28,000-tonne INS Viraat, for the foreseeable future. This when China has recently commissioned its first aircraft carrier, the 65,000-tonne Liaoning, and the US seeks to 'rebalance' six of its 11 potent CBGs towards Asia-Pacific.\"We will tell the Russians to step up the workforce at the Sevmash shipyard for the refit-repair of Vikramaditya. A leeway of three to four months is provided in the contract after the December delivery date...Beyond that, penalty clauses and liquidity damages could kick in,'' said a source.India has already paid $2.33 billion for Vikramaditya's refit, instead of the original $974 million earmarked in the January 2004 contract under which the carrier was to be delivered by August, 2008. New Delhi is spending another $2 billion to induct 45 Russian MiG-29K naval fighters to operate from the decks of Vikramaditya and IAC.During the delegation-level talks on Thursday, India and Russia will also discuss ongoing projects for 272 Sukhoi-30MKI fighters and 1,657 T-90S main-battle tanks. While IAF has so far inducted 160 Sukhois towards getting all 272 by 2018 at a cost of over $12 billion, transfer of technology (ToT) problems continue to plague the T-90S tanks. India had first ordered 310 tanks for Rs 3,625 crore in 2001, then another 347 for Rs 4,900 crore in 2007. But indigenous manufacture of another 1,000 T-90S tanks has been painfully slow, with the Army having just about 710 of the tanks so far. While Russia will remain India's largest defence supplier for many years, Moscow's tendency to delay deliveries and ToT, jack up costs midway and faulty product support has forced New Delhi to increasingly look at countries like Israel and US for military hardware and software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16649147", "title": "Iran president\u2019s cameraman defects, seeks asylum in US", "text": "NEW YORK: An Iranian cameraman travelling with President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad during his recent visit to the UN defected last week and is now seeking political asylum in the United States .Hassan Gol Khanban, who defected in New York, was reportedly hiding out in an \"undisclosed location\" on Monday . According to the New York Daily News , Khanban put in the paperwork after the Iranian delegation, which was in the city for the UN General Assembly , left on Thursday \"and he didn't.\"The man's lawyer, Paul O'Dwyer , did not divulge how Khanban ran afoul of his masters , but said he was the \"longtime cameraman\" for Ahmadinejad. \"The regime wanted him to do things that he didn't want to do,\" the paper quoted O'Dwyer, as saying.\"He was concerned that he would be perceived as not being a full supporter of the regime and that he would be targeted and punished as a result,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648652", "title": "Hillary to look into hike in US visa charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: US secretary of state Hillary Clinton has promised to take up the issue of hike in visa charges with authorities concerned in America in the light of protests by Indian software companies. In a meeting with foreign minister S M Krishna on Monday, Clinton assured India that the US would try and \"rectify\" the decision, even if not immediately.The US in 2010 announced a hike in work visa charges, including H-1B, apparently to meet the cost of securing its border with Mexico. Even though the decision was not country-specific, top Indian software companies impacted by the decision alleged that they were being discriminated against leading New Delhi taking up the matter diplomatically with the US. India has also been contemplating filing an appeal in the WTO against the move. \"She has assured to take it up with the concerned and rectify,\" said an Indian official after the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646395", "title": "Non-subsidized cooking gas cylinder to cost Rs 894", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumers in the city will have to shell out Rs 128 more or 18% extra for every non-subsidized cooking gas cylinder after oil companies increased its price from Rs 756 to Rs 894 with effect from October 1.Last month, the price for a non-subsidized cylinder was fixed at Rs 756, after the government capped the number of subsidized cylinders to six a year. Families in the city are likely to feel the price-hike heat once they exhaust their quota of three subsidized cylinders for the rest of the year from September 14, following which they will have to buy cooking gas at more than double the concession rate of Rs 423.While prices of cooking gas will go up across the country, depending on the taxes and levies imposed by individual states, the cylinder price in Delhi will go up by 17% to around Rs 884.This rise was due to an increase in the international prices for crude as well as liquified petroleum gas (LPG or cooking gas), said an official of an oil firm. With LPG and kerosene prices being calculated on a monthly average basis, the rates reduced over a 15-day period but shot up in a month. Oil firms started losing Rs 468.5 per subsidized cooking gas cylinder with effect from October 1 from Rs 347 last month, said the official, adding that losses on kerosene had also climbed to Rs 33.93 from October 1, from Rs 32.7 in September.This comes at a time when the oil marketing firms have started making profits on petrol and reduced aviation turbine fuel (ATF) prices by 4%. According to the data with the petroleum ministry, the loss on per litre of diesel came down from Rs 13.86 in the second fortnight of September to Rs 11.65 now.OMCs have already lost Rs 11,500 crore on the sale of LPG below cost price till the first quarter ending June 2012 out of a total of Rs 47,811 crore under recoveries. With effect from October 1, oil firms will be losing Rs 437 crore on sale of sensitive petroleum products such as diesel, LPG and kerosene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16647108", "title": "Former information commissioner joins residents\u2019 team to audit civic projects", "text": "MUMBAI: Former information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi announced that he will be part of a social audit local team (SALT) in ward no. 93 in Santa Cruz (West), where he resides.On October 1, TOI reported on how residents in the western suburbs had decided to form SALTs to keep tabs on various work orders issued by the civic body to maintain quality standards.On Tuesday, residents of six municipal constituencies in the H West ward met to discuss the future course of action as the citizens' panels were formed.\"I am convinced we can do a lot, instead of merely blaming the government structure,\" said Gandhi.\"A lot can be achieved when citizens step in to get better governance. We should not take an adversarial position to criticize the authorities, we need to look at it in a positive manner to improve services for ourselves,\" he added.RTI activist Bhaskar Prabhu of Mahiti Adhikar Manch conducted a workshop on Tuesday for the H West ward citizens and said they must concentrate on issues related to roads, gardens and encroachments.Each SALT, comprising 5-6 volunteers, will monitor development activities in a corporator's constituency. \"The team will also participate in the formulation of the development plan,\" he added.Members of the Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI) spoke on the discrepancies found in the existing land-use plan (ELU) that will be used to formulate the development plan (DP) in 2014.\"UDRI will give us a map for each corporator's ward and show the ELU document. If we find discrepancies in the ELU, we have to bring them to the notice of the chief engineer (development plan),\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson of the H West Citizens' Trust.\"This is a step in the right direction. Prabhu explained to us how to get the work order from the BMC and check up on the work. We were informed that we had a right to go back to the officials and question them if things were not laid down according to specifications,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16649268", "title": "MSEDCL office ransacked in Salekasa", "text": "GONDIA: Following Ganeshotsav, the 12-hour load-shedding was back in Salekasa on Monday. The power cut triggered anger among the public and some people got involved in a scuffle with a junior engineer of MSEDCL and ransacked his office on Tuesday.Load-shedding depends on losses in a particular circle and Salekasa comes in the lowly D category. Since Salekasa is also a Naxal-affected area, there is no load-shedding during the nights in these areas. So, there is no power during the day.Power cuts were suspended during the period of Ganesh festival, but they resumed on Monday. This enraged the electrical consumers. On October 1, when a deputation of these consumers went to meet the junior engineer, he told them that he had nothing to do with it and the load-shedding schedule was drawn up by higher-ups. But the enraged consumers were in no mood to listen and ransacked his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648609", "title": "Body formed for upkeep of Mahatma\u2019s memorial", "text": "LUDHIANA: Mahatma Gandhi's birthday was celebrated with fervour at Gandhi Dham on the banks of river Satluj. An organization named Mahatma Gandhi Peace Mission comprising residents of Ludhiana and Phillaur, was also formed on the occasion for looking after the maintenance of this memorial, where the ashes of the Mahatma were immersed in 1948.Students from government schools of Phillaur and Green Land Senior Secondary School here also participated along with their teachers. The youngsters gave speeches and recited poetry.However those feeling most gratified were B B Goel, 61, a retired banker from Haibowal who along with his friends, besides residents of Phillaur had worked day and night for fencing the memorial and also painting the Mahatma's messages.Parmod Basandrai, another resident of Phillaur while talking about the formation of Mahatma Gandhi Peace Mission said, \"Gurbir Singh Atwal, a resident of Phillaur has been made the president, while Goel has been named the organizing secretary. We will soon get this organization registered and we'll make sure that this memorial is maintained properly.The facelift given to it is just a beginning as we will also be getting in touch with the Khadi Mandal for their cooperation.\"Atwal, informed that they gave away special appreciation certificates to all participants, especially children who have singed five oaths on never consuming drugs, never accepting or giving dowry, never indulging in corruption, never disrespecting the national flag, teachers and parents and not indulging in female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "sanawar", "code": "16648657", "title": "Opening in Sanawar: A film by students", "text": "SANAWAR: The two-day founder's day celebrations at The Lawrence School will see a unique effort unfolding - a short film made by the students of the school.The film, 'Bayen' - which in Bengali means witch - is a joint effort of over 100 students and has been directed by Siddharth Shashta, who teaches drama in the school. The film will be screened on Wednesday, the first day of the founder's day celebration of the school.'Bayen' is based on the short story written by celebrated Bengali litterateur Mahasweta Devi. \"This is a low-budget, 40-minute film and the crew was called especially from Mumbai to give it a professional touch. We have chosen this subject as it fits well while we shot in the campus location, building and hills,\" said Shashta.\"Our students learnt a lot about theatre and film-making during the production of this film. I had a month-long workshop with my students, to train them and to give an idea about the intricacies of film shooting before starting the actual work,\" he added.Students of classes XI and XII are in the role of main cast whereas students of junior classes, from class V onwards are in supporting roles. There was 20-day pre-production session and shooting was done in eight days.\"Subject of this film is very moving. We learnt a lot about our dogmatic society and discrimination against the fairer sex that continues in some parts of the country. We are, otherwise, so engaged in our studies and upscale lifestyle that we never pay attention to these. I must say that I have managed to evolve myself as a matured person after acting in this movie,\" said Shivam Sharma, a class XII student.Jasleen Kaur Dua, a student of class XII, who played the role of Chandi Das, the main character, said, \"In theatre, we use our strength and stamina to act and the response of the audience is immediate. But in films, it is entirely different. We are just a raw material in the hands of directors and are supposed to behave as a particular character and not to act. It was both fun and a learning experience. I am feeling very confident after playing an important role in the film.\"Earlier, Shashta had directed a play 'Bhagat Singh' with the students of this school. The play was a big hit.Shashta said that it was a deliberate attempt to choose this serious topic. \"We want to acquaint our students with the real India, where so many myths and social dogmas still prevail. Our students are unaware of these as they come from urban families. This is their stint with truth as they do not know the real problems and for them these things are comic that are only on papers,\" pointed out Shashta.Subject of 'Bayen'Chandi Das is into her family's traditional occupation of cremating dead bodies in the village graveyard while her husband Malinder Ganga Das is employed in post-office. But her traditional beliefs are shattered when an affluent villager, Gaur Das, brands her a witch and forces her to lead the solitary life of a social outcast. The story revolves around her struggle, positive attitude and her tragic end, when there's none to claim her body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16652858", "title": "All schools must have toilets within six months: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday directed the Centre and state governments to provide basic infrastructure, including drinking water and toilets, in all schools within six months.A bench headed by justice K S Radhakrishnan fixed the time limit and asked the governments to take steps to provide the basic facilities in schools across the country.The bench said that all its previous directions pertaining to providing infrastructure should be implemented within the time frame fixed by it.On October 18 last year, the apex court had directed all states and union territories to build toilets, particularly for girls, in all government schools.The court passed the order on a PIL seeking its direction to Centre and state governments to provide basic facilities of drinking water and toilets in schools.The apex court had earlier stated that it was imperative that all schools provide toilet facilities, as empirical researches indicated that wherever toilet facilities are not provided in schools, parents do not send their children (particularly girls) to schools.The court had also observed that not providing the infrastructure was a violation of the right to free and compulsory education of children guaranteed under Article 21-A of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16647879", "title": "Meet the Adinivasis of Tulunadu", "text": "Billavas are a dominant community in Tulunadu covering Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts. It is said that Billavas are neither Dravidians nor Aryans and they settled in the region much before them and are called Adinivasis of Tulunadu.The coasts of Karnataka had very active martial arts tradition and several Billava families still continue the tradition. They built Garadis similar to Kalaris in Kerala in honour of their folk heroes Koti and Chennayya. These Garadis became major religious and martial-arts centres of the Billavas. The community mostly worships various Daivas (spirits) like Kodamandaye, Panjurli, Jumadi, Jarandaye, Kallurti, Koti Chennaya, Devi Baidedi, Dhumavati, Pilichandi and Bobbarye apart from puranic gods.Billavas were traditionally suppressed by the upper caste and treated them as untouchables. It is in such a scenario that the community found a messiah in Sri Narayana Guru. Learning about the works and teachings of Guru in establishing social equality through his temple in Sivagiri, Kerala, a prominent Billava leader Sahukar Koragappa visited him with other community leaders in 1908. Four years later in February 1912 Sri Narayana Guru consecrated the Sri Gokarnanatheshwara Kshetra in Kudroli by installing sacred Shiva linga.In accordance with the Guru's belief, idols of Ganapathy, Subramanya, Annapoorneshwari, Bhairava, the Nava Grihas, Shanishwara, Anjaneya and Krishna were installed at the Kshethra. The temple was renovated under the leadership of B Janardhana Poojary in 1989. The renovation was completed within two years in 1991 and was inaugurated by then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi. Poojary is also the main architect of Mangalore Dasara. This year the temple completes 100 years of existence.Marriage of widows was permitted, but the wedding rituals in such cases were simplified. Poojary turned a reformist by opening the sanctum sanctorum of Sri Gokarnatha Kshetra to widows for performing puja to empower them socially. He also made a few `sumangalis' to take a vow that they would not discard symbols of marriage after the death of their spouse. Billavas practiced the matrilineal system of inheritance known as Aliya Kattu or Aliya Santana like the Bunts. It practice is stopped now.Boiled rice and fish curry is the main staple diet of the community. Kori-Rotti is another delicacy during weekendsTheir surnamesCommon surnames in the Billavan community are Amin, Anchan, Baidya, Baishya, Banan, Bangera, Gujran, Jathann (or Jathanna), Karkera, Kirodian, Kotian, Kukian (or Kukiyan), Palan (or Palanna), Poojari (or Poojary), Salian, Sanil, Suvarna, Talwar and Upiyan. \"Billava\" is used as a surname only in Kundapura and Byndoor taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649275", "title": "Immersion norms sink without a trace", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite concerns over pollution of city's water bodies due to immersion of plaster of Paris (PoP) idols, majority of the citizens showed disregard for the repeated calls given to shun this practice. What's more, some persons even tried to fish out the PoP idols immersed in Sakkardara lake and Naik Talao in an apparent move to recycle them.Though the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) found cooperation from many devotees for eco-friendly immersion, they were outnumbered by those who not only immersed PoP idols but also discarded the 'nirmalaya' (floral offerings) into the water bodies.Also, the NMC health department launched a massive hunt to nab thieves who attempted to take away immersed PoP idols in Sakkardara lake and Naik Talao.NMC health officer Dr Ashok Urkude told TOI that a few devotees alerted cops after spotting a boatman fishing out PoP idols from Sakkardara lake in the wee hours of Sunday. However, before police could arrive, the boatman fled the scene abandoning the boat and the idols. \"Similar incident was reported from Naik talao,\" said Dr Urkude.He pointed out that health officers from both Satranjipura and Nehru Nagar zones have already started search for the owner of the boats.According to deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir, nearly 239 tonnes nirmalaya and around 90,000 PoP idols have been recovered from different immersion places across the city at the end of 11-day Ganesh festival. \"The civic body has already started preparing bylaws to implement ban on PoP idols from the next year,\" he said.Ninety-four tonnes of nirmalaya was collected from Telangkhedi Lake. The least quantity was collected at Mangalwari and Kalamna lakes where the civic body had kept the artificial tanks. At Sonegaon lake, the NMC collected over 43 tonnes of nirmalaya, Gandhisagar - 31 tonnes, Sakkardara - 38 tonnes, Naik Talao - 17 tonnes, and Khadan - 8 tonnes.Hundreds of NMC sanitary workers apart from a large number of volunteers from NGOs, schools, colleges and other institutions collected the nirmalaya. \"We had asked devotees to put the garlands in the dustbin and immerse idols in the artificial tanks,\" said Ganvir, adding, \"There were many who did not throw nirmalaya but immersed PoP idols into the lakes.\"Meanwhile, miscreants damaged two artificial 'rubber' tanks kept at Telangkhedi lake for immersing PoP idols.90,000 household PoP idols immersed in artificial tanksTo prevent immersion of POP idols in city's lakes, the NMC had set up 32 artificial tanks and overflow points at Ambazari lake, Gorewada. \"This effort received good response from the citizens,\" said Dr Milind Ganvir. To prove his claim, the deputy director said that approximately 90,000 household PoP idols were immersed in artificial tanks. \"These will be later disposed of properly,\" he added.Half-hearted support from NGOsBarring a few non-government organizations (NGOs), most of the volunteers seemed less interested in collecting the 'nirmalaya' at the lakes, especially at Gandhisagar, Sakkardara and Naik talao.The scene was better at Telangkhedi and Sonegaon lakes. However, corporator Rekha Barahate had to strive hard for pollution-free immersion at Sonegaon lake. At Telangkhedi lake, volunteers of Green Vigil were seen creating awareness about adverse effects of immersing PoP idols and nirmalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16648199", "title": "Govt decision on power cuts today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) has urged the state government to introduce peak-hour power cuts at the earliest.The state cabinet will consider on Wednesday the KSEB proposal seeking its permission to introduce cyclic load shedding during morning and evening peaks.Wednesday's cabinet meet is expected to take a final call on the issue.Although the KSEB had recommended load shedding during morning hours sometime back, the cabinet had then shot down the proposal.According to KSEB sources, water level in major reservoirs has depleted alarmingly. Power from central pool, too, has come down drastically in the last few days. \"We're forced to run all liquid power stations and generate costly power,'' sources said.The board is suffering a daily loss of over Rs 10 crore. Cost of power from NTPC has touched Rs 12.20 per unit on Tuesday whereas the average cost realisation per unit of power in the state is Rs 4.40.Sources said the board has already started unscheduled load shedding in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16648658", "title": "Villagers' turnout makes gram sabha successful", "text": "GUMLA: People came forward to discuss issues relating to welfare and development schemes at the special gram sabha organized in the district on Tuesday to mark the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. The district administration has sent missive to all BDOs to hold such meets at all revenue villages of the jurisdiction with clear cut agenda to be discussed by the villagers. Government functionaries were also present at the meet while senior district authorities inspected proceedings touring different villages.Schemes taken up under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act and Backward Regions Grant Fund, beneficiaries of Indira Aawas and Old Age Pension, constitution of village water and sanitation committee, representation on Forest Right Act by forest dwellers were cleared in the gram sabha meeting. DC Shubhendra Jha and others attended meetings which aimed to result in maximum participation of villagers to take up development measures. tnnsPanchayat representatives especially mukhiyas, panchayat samiti and ward members were also present at the meeting presided over by gram pradhan of their respective panchayat falling under all 12 blocks in the district.Success of the gram sabha depends upon the awareness on the part of the villagers, their support and attitude towards the poor and prioritization of various development projects to be floated for the village, an officer said.Manjunath, in the gram sabha meet organized at Jhargaon village, said, \"Aap sab log apni baat gram sabha main utha rahen ya nahi( Are you all voicing your concerns at the gram sabha? Kewal kuchh log ke bolne se kam nahi chalega ( It will not suffice if only a few will speak).\" He also suggested government functionaries to read out the proceedings before gram sabha so that everyone can understand what decisions were taken at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16653057", "title": "Threat always exists, no need for more security: Lt Gen Brar's wife", "text": "MUMBAI: Lt Gen K S Brar (retd), who received injuries during an attack by four persons in central London on Sunday night, arrived at the Mumbai airport along with his wife today.While coming out of the airport here, Brar's wife Meena said they were very happy to be back home. \"Thank you all for your concern,\" she said.When asked if she felt there was an increased threat to her husband's life and they require more security, she said, \"No\".\"That (threat) is always there and will be there. That doesn't really matter,\" she said.Brar, who had a bandage on his neck and cheek, and his wife arrived here at noon from London. They were escorted to their vehicle amid tight security. Senior defence officials were present at the airport to receive them.Lt Gen K S Brar, while talking to a television channel after the attack, had said that it was an attempt to assassinate him by \"pro-Khalistan elements\" for his role in the 1984 \" Operation Bluestar\".\"This was a pure assassination attempt on me. Even on Internet there are so many threats being sent to me to say that there have been many attempts on your life but they haven't succeeded, but the next one will succeed. They've been after me.\" Brar had said.Brar, 78, was attacked by some men, suspected to be Khalistan sympathisers, with knives while he was leaving a hotel in London with his wife.Meanwhile, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray condemned the attack on Lt Gen Brar and said it was the responsibility of the Indian government to protect the General.\"If Lt Gen Brar is attacked again, it will strengthen the Khalistani \"snakes\", Thackeray said in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'Saamna' today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16648263", "title": "Self-adjustable glasses offer better vision", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have developed new self-adjustable spectacles that can be focused by the wearer himself by simply turning a dial on the frame. Called 'Eyejusters' and developed by a British company, the self adjustable glasses allow wearers to simply twist the dial until they can see clearly.The specs makes use of a technology called Slidelens, and works by sliding one lens over the other when the wearer turns the dial. This changes the lens prescription to give clear vision.Eyejusters is an Oxford-based start-up that was co-founded by two physics students and two engineers.The technology has been refined from an idea originally developed in the 1920s, the 'Daily Mail' reported.\"We're happy to agree that optometrists provide a better standard of care. They check for eye disease and all sorts of things that we can't do,\" Owen Reading, co-founder of Eyejusters and head of business development, said.\"However, our glasses are particularly useful for parts of the developing world where there are very few optometrists so people are unable to get a pair of glasses prescribed,\" he said.The company has sold the glasses to NGOs and charities in Sudan, Uganda, Cameroon, Morocco, and India. It is also selling their product as reading glasses that can be sold over the counter. They're on sale in the US for $40.\"A lot of people have different pairs of reading glasses for different tasks but these are just one pair of glasses that do it all,\" said Reading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16647386", "title": "Walk the mile or pay price for a 'ride' at state hospitals", "text": "KOLKATA: Patients admitted in any hospital should ideally be ferried on trolleys. Hospital trolleys are supposed ferry patients.But in government hospitals, these trolleys either come for a price or are not available at all for patients. Taking advantage of the situation, ambulance drivers often take patients' relatives for a ride. For example, kin of patients who have to be taken for a CT scan or MRI in a different building are forced to use ambulances for a hefty charge.Alok Bindai of Borgoda in East Midnapore learnt it the hard way at NRS Medical College and Hospital (NRSMCH), where his father-in-law Asish Burman was admitted on September 15. The senior citizen was admitted to the male surgical ward with a serious head injury.\"My father-in-law had to be taken to the CT scan unit located in a different building. When we started searching for a trolley, some Group-D staff in the ward told us that an ambulance would ferry the patient. We thought it was a hospital service. We were aghast when the ambulance driver asked for a hefty amount, after he had driven back my father-in-law back to in front of the building of the ward where he was admitted,\" said Bindai.He had to shell out Rs 300 for the ambulance ride to and from the CT scan unit located 30m away from the male surgical ward. Bindai is not the only one. Take the example of Tapan Majhi, whose father was admitted at NRSMCH with head injury, was also fleeced in a similar fashion in the same hospital. Majhi's father was also admitted with head injury.Hospital insiders hinted at a nexus between Group-D employees and some ambulance drivers. They mainly target gullible patients' kin from the districts, said sources.\"We had no knowledge of such a racket. It could be a stray incident. But we will definitely try to find out who all share a nexus are involved in the nexus and stop the racket,\" said officials of NRSMCH.In other government hospitals, it is the trolley boys who fleece patients' kin. Trolley services are supposed to be free, but patients say it's not so in practice. Liberan Oraon was admitted to Medical College and Hospital Kolkata last week. Extremely weak from an ailment yet to be diagnosed, the 17-year-old boy from Malda is unable to walk.\"My nephew has to be taken around the hospital for a host of diagnostic tests and every time the trolley boy demands money for ferrying my nephew. We do not want to get into any argument with them as that might put my patient in trouble,\" said Liberan's uncle Narayan Oraon.Patients' kin have to shell out anything between Rs 30 to 50 to the trolley boys. If they are not paid, they refuse to carry the patient.\"When I admitted my aunt at SSKM hospital a few days ago, the trolley boys declined to carry her as we refused to pay them. With no other way out, we had to bodily lift my aunt and carry her the patient to the second floor,\" said Ismi Tara's nephew, who had come all the way from Dholarhat to get his aunt treated. Even here, the authorities of both the hospitals pleaded lack of knowledge about such happenings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16646390", "title": "E-way colonies to get link road", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: To provide hassle-free connectivity for residential sectors coming up along the Yamuna Expressway, the Authority has sped up work on the toll free 120m-wide service road parallel to the speedway. The Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) claims to have already completed over 50% of the construction work and the service road will be ready for use within a year.The 36km long service road running parallel to the e-way is being constructed between the zero point near Galgotia College (where the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway meets Yamuna Expressway) and Jewar. YEIDA has already completed work on 20km of the link road and it would be opened to traffic by middle of next year. The road will benefit thousands of people expected to move in to the sectors along the expressway by providing them a toll free link road. Currently, the 165km long expressway is the only link road for these areas.\"The link road will mainly benefit people in and around Sectors 18 and 20 that fall along the expressway. While most of the commercial and residential development work is currently still underway, we have sped up work on the link road to ensure that it is ready for use well in time before major development work is complete and a substantial population moves in the area,\" a YEIDA official said.\"Around 25,000 people have been allotted residential plots in Sector 18 and 20 under a scheme launched by the Authority. Several more will move in the next few years once the residential and commercial development work is complete,\" he said.The link road will also include a 30m-wide dedicated green belt between the left and the right carriageways. Once the link road is ready, users will need to cross the underpass at Galgotia College and take it to reach areas in and around Sectors 18 and 20.YEIDA is also planning to eventually connect the parallel service road to the under-construction 28km-long, 130m wide Noida-Greater Noida link road to provide a signal-free connectivity for sectors along Yamuna Expressway to Noida, Greater Noida and Delhi.The eight-lane Noida-Greater Noida link road is being constructed between Parthala Khanjarpur in Sector 122 of Noida and Sirsa-Kasna in Greater Noida by the Greater Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652983", "title": "Banglore grooves to Bollywood beats", "text": "Whitefield was party central recently when the city's party peeps converged on a hotspot in the area for their weekly dose of B-town beats.Music man Hussain did the honours of spinning some of the most thumping tracks all evening at Bling at The Zuri. We caught a glimpse of Allia, John and Peter hanging out at this do, as well as Niharika and Anamika having a girls' night out. And when closing time came around, everyone trooped home after getting their muchneeded Bollywood fix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16648968", "title": "Mitt Romney looks to turn tide against Obama in debate", "text": "WASHINGTON: Republican challenger Mitt Romney prepared on Tuesday for his first debate against President Barack Obama , badly needing a stellar performance on Wednesday to turn the tide of polling five weeks before the November 6 election.Obama leads in many of the nine battleground states that will decide the election, and all but two of those states have early voting, meaning more people are already locking in their votes every day. The most important of those states, Ohio, started early voting on Tuesday.Romney contends his top issue is strengthening the US economy and creating jobs, issues that are most important among voters. But the former Massachusetts governor is also attacking Obama on foreign policy after Muslim anger over an amateur anti-Islam film made in US sparked violent attacks on American diplomatic missions.\"For the last four years, we've had a foreign policy led by a president who believes that the strength of his personality is going to get people to do the right things. Well, we've seen fires burning in US embassies around the world,\" Romney told voters in Colorado on Monday night.The Obama campaign called Romney's foreign policy stances \"incoherent\".Obama retreated on Tuesday to a desert resort in Nevada for three days of intensive debate preparation. Top advisers are focused on helping him trim his often-lengthy explanations . Equally important is coaching Obama to look calm and presidential during an expected onslaught of criticism from Romney.Over the weekend, Obama at a campaign speech in Nevada said that Romney is a good debater. \"Governor Romney, he's a good debater. I'm just okay,\" he said.Romney spent more than eight days in September holding mock debates and sparring with Senator Rob Portman , who stood in for Obama.Romney also planned another day of preparation on Tuesday at his hotel in Colorado , the site of Wednesday's debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16647087", "title": "Inmates vow to turn over a new leaf", "text": "MUMBAI: On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 120 Arthur Road prison inmates took a pledge to make 'India of their dreams'.A programme to celebrate Gandhi Jayanti was organized for inmates by the Mumbai Sarvodaya Mandal and Gandhi Research Foundation. The event started with a prayer followed by devotional songs. Later, jail superintendent A C Rane appealed to the inmates to bring about a change in themselves. \"Everything can be achieved by adopting Gandhiji's teachings of truth and non-violence,\" said Rane. The oath to make a non-violent world was administered by Professor Heena Shah of MMP Shah College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16653449", "title": "Sunny Deol to shoot 'Singh Saheb The Great' in Bhopal", "text": "Anil Sharma, the maker of the blockbuster Bollywood film 'Gadar Ek Prem Katha', is all set to shoot his next venture in the capital city of Madhya Pradesh.Sharma's new film is titled 'Singh Saheb The Great' and has Sunny Deol in the lead role.Bhopal has attracted several film-makers of late. Prakash Jha has shot almost all his films here.Sunny plays the role of a collector in the film, which will be a satirical comedy on corruption, said Sharma.The film will have a 45-day shooting schedule starting from November in Bhopal, while some portions will be shot in other parts of Madhya Pradesh.While the female lead is yet to be finalised, the film would also star Johnny Lever and Prakash Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16648466", "title": "Global meet of women Speakers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Advocating gender sensitivity in parliaments across the world, India will play host to 35 countries as part of the seventh meeting of women Speakers of Parliaments on \"gender sensitive Parliaments.''According to data available with the Inter-Parliamentary Union, only 37 women preside over one of the Houses of the 190 Parliaments, 77 of which are bicameral.As such women occupy only 13.5% of the total number of 274 posts of presiding officers' post in parliament or of one of its houses.The two-day convention that is organized to act as a forum for exchange of ideas and experiences of gender issues will begin on Wednesday. It will be inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "16647833", "title": "Varsity walks the talk in energy conservation", "text": "MANIPAL: Manipal University has set an example in energy conservation . The varsity, which is home for over 25,000 students, has installed 39 solar water heater units to provide hot water to its hostels, medical colleges, and hospital. These units cover as many as 163 building blocks on the campus.\"At present, the university is heating about 3.7 lakh litres of water using these solar water heaters and through this we are saving approximately 9000 units of electricity in a year. Students in hostels get hot water round-the-clock every day. Solar heaters are eco-friendly, and this year four more units will be installed in new hostel blocks,\" said Derrick I Joshua, environment executive of Manipal University.To save energy, the university has taken up one more initiative this academic year. According to Manipal University director (purchase and general services director) Col Badrinarayan, the varsity is planning to setup solar units to generate power tapping solar energy that is abundant in the coastal district. \"The project is under process and we will use the power generated in these unites in Manipal Institute of Technology,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "curchorem", "code": "16649088", "title": "In mining county CM spins mining magic", "text": "CURCHOREM: \"Better days lie ahead,\" chief minister Manohar Parrikar said and the words weaved magic before the gathering as they lustily cheered him when he dished out an assurance that it will not be long before the suspended mining business will be allowed to resume operations.Not surprising, as the venue of the programme was Curchorem, the epicenter of the South Goa's mining activities, and the occasion was the launching of the \"Magicbus project\" sponsored by a major mining company.Moreover, the chief minister was flanked by three legislators from South Goa's mining belt\u2014Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral, Sanvordem MLA Ganesh Gaonkar, and Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldessai. Industries minister Mahadev Naik, sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar, and Fomento Resources managing director Amber Timblo, were present.Apparently sensing the heat generated by the mining issue in this part of the state, Parrikar held out a promise that mining would start within the next 45 days.\"There is no need to get panicky (over the closure of mines). Mining will start within one or one-and-a-half months. We definitely have our attention towards this area. When this area has given me 5-6 MLAs, we will never leave the people from these constituencies in the lurch,\" Parrikar said.\"Bore dis lagim asat (Better days lie ahead). Dussehra is fast approaching and thereafter Diwali. I am sure the joy of the ensuing festivals will be upon you all, as by then everything will fall in place,\" Parrikar added.It was all music to the ears of the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16647749", "title": "'Varsities did not cooperate for survey of monuments'", "text": "DHARWAD: An ambitious scheme of the department of Kannada and Culture to survey ancient monuments in the state did not materialize due to non-cooperation by the state-run universities, said commissioner for the department of Kannada and Culture K R Ramakrishna.Speaking at the inaugural of the two-day seminar on 'Chalukyas of Kalyan' organized by Indian National Trust for Ancient Culture and Heritage (INTACH) in association with the department of Archaeology, Museums and Heritage here on Monday, Ramakrishna said even the Karnataka Itihasa Academy did not respond positively to the proposal.He said when his department approached the universities and the Itihas Academy in this connection; nobody showed interest to join hands with the department.\"Karnataka has nearly 30,000 ancient monuments that need to be surveyed and preserved. Unfortunately, majority of these monuments are not yet surveyed and have been subjected to negligence. It is high time some steps are taken to preserve and conserve them. Otherwise, they would become extinct shortly. The archaeological survey should be done in each and every village. The Kannada and Culture department is still keeping the option open and it is ready to extend all help and cooperation if INTACH comes forward to carry out this task,\" he said.Delivering a talk on the historical significance of the Chalukyas of Kalyan, senior historian K V Ramesh said the study of the history of Karnataka would be incomplete without the study of the royal dynasties of Badami Chalukyas, Rashtrakutas and the Chalukyas of Kalyan. Ramesh regretted that a major portion of the history of these dynasties was lying in obscurity due to absence of a comprehensive historical study which is yet to be carried out.\"The new age historians should tap the potentials in this field. But they have to go for fresh studies instead of relying on ready-made material. Historical studies pertaining to these dynasties should be conducted both in Karnataka and outside to dig out more information,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16647823", "title": "Traditional oil best bet, shows study", "text": "Here is another reason for grandma to repeat, 'I told you so.' A study by a team of Chennai-based scientists has found that traditional varieites of cooking oil are better than sunflower oil when it comes to preventing obesity, diabetes and heart ailments.Eight months ago, the 'British Medical Journal' published a study that recommended brown rice over polished white rice to reduce diabetes risk. The Madras Diabetes Research Foundation on Monday published its work in 'International Journal of Food Science and Nutrition' which said people who used sunflower oil ran a higher risk of developing insulin resistance and elevated glucose levels. Traditional varieties of oil like sesame and groundnut were found to have a lower risk.\"The findings are significant enough for us to recommend people to use recipes from traditional kitchens and avoid food that our grandmothers never ate,\" said diabetologist Dr V Mohan, the corresponding author of the study. Though the quantity of fat in all these varieties of oil is the same, the traditional ones have better omega 3 fatty acid profiles. This keeps cholesterol, triglyceride and glucose under control.Researchers interviewed 1,875 men and women over 20 years, of whom 63% said they used sunflower oil for cooking. Another 23% used palmolein, 7% used peanut oil and 2% used sesame oil.The survey also found that the richer were more likely to use sunflower oil. The researchers then measured their height, weight, blood pressure, sugar and cholesterol levels. Analysis showed those who used groundnut oil and sesame oil had a relatively lesser risk of blood pressure, diabetes and central obesity (see table) when compared to those who used palm oil and sunflower oil.There are an estimated 62.4 million people with diabetes and 77.2 million with pre-diabetes in India. More than 17% of Chennaiites are diabetic. Studies have found that Indians are genetically more susceptible to diabetes.According to Dr Kamala Krishnaswamy, former director of National Institute of Nutrition, Hyderabad, the shift from traditional Indian home-cooked food to processed food and food rich in fat and sugar contribute to higher rates of diabetes and obesity.Nutritionists say studies have shown high intake of carbohydrates mainly derived from refined grains (polished rice), low intake of vegetables and fruits, and lack of physical activity increased the risk of diabetes.It is important to keep a tab on the kind of oil you use as they contribute to more than half of the daily quality of fat requirement. Vegetable oil is the major source of visible fats contributing to more than half of the daily fat calories. The study showed that visible fats and oils are the the second major contributors of energy intake (12.4% energy/day) next only to re?ned cereals (45.8%), said Sudha Vasudevan, Head Food and Nutrition Research, MDRF.The consumption of vegetable oil has increased threefold in developing countries like India, she said. \"To determine the optimal combination of fatty acids for good health, one has to consider the fatty acid profile of oil,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16648806", "title": "CM seeks World Bank assistance for projects in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan held detailed discussions with World Bank's top officials at Washington DC on day one of his visit to the US on October 1. He has sought cooperation for development projects in various sectors. He was welcomed by acting vice president of South Asia affairs Akihiko Nishio, an official spokesman informed here on Tuesday.The spokesman said that the World Bank officials appreciated the e-governance initiatives of the state government for sustainable transparency and guarantee of public service delivery. The officials said that such development initiatives can be easily replicated. The managing director World Bank, Mulyani Indrawati assured cooperation and support from the World Bank.The Bank's top officials and sector heads looking after South Asia affairs with whom Chouhan held a series of meetings included Tamar Manuelyan Atinc - vice president, Amit Dhar - sector manager South Asia human development and education, Hiroshi Saeki - human development officer South Asia, Jill Armstrong -country programme coordinator India, M N Prasad - executive director, India-World Bank, Rachel Kyte - vice president sustainable development, director sustainable development South Asia, Jack Stein - director infrastructures and water, Jose Luis Irigoyen - regional industry director infrastructure and natural resources South Asia Anita George, the spokesman informed.In his presentation, the chief minister informed the World Bank officials about development projects in water resources, water supply in urban and rural areas, establishment of public service centres, renewable energy projects, women and child development, higher education projects and Narmada-Malwa lift irrigation and water supply projects.Chouhan said that Madhya Pradesh is the fastest growing Indian state and the pace of development can be further accelerated with the World Bank financial support.According to the spokesman, the chief minister also apprised the World Bank officials of the development strategies Madhya Pradesh has adopted. Giving details about the development scenario in MP, Chouhan said that human development indices have improved impressively.The chief minister had discussions on expansion of Madhya Pradesh Water Sector Restructuring Project, which he said requires additional financial support of 181 million US dollar.Chouhan apprised the World Bank officials about ambitious plan of providing piped water supply to all urban cities in coming ten years. This project he said will cost 300 million US dollar. Mp will arrange 200 million US dollar from its own resources, spokesman said.The chief minister elaborated why Narmada-Malwa Drinking Water Project is important for the people living in Malwa region of the state. He said that it will provide irrigation and drinking water in 3,000 villages and 70 towns in the region. This project will not only generate 1,000 MW power but also ensure irrigation on 16.8 lakh acre command area. He said that this would entail a cost of 3,600 million US dollar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16648910", "title": "Police team seeks lessons from Kumbh in Haridwar", "text": "NASHIK: In the run-up to the next Kumbh mela scheduled in 2015, the Nashik police commissionerate is studying the crowd management in other places where the mega-event is held.A two-member team from the city police commissionerate recently returned from Haridwar, where it went to study the bandobast scheme adopted in Haridwar for the Kumbh Mela.While senior officials from the police commissionerate are yet to decide on the measures that can be adopted in Nashik for the 2015 Simhastha Kumbha Mela, the stress would be more on crowd management given that the last Kumbh Mela in Nashik in 2003 had claimed lives of over 40 pilgrims and left 150 others injured.Senior police officials pointed out that there was a huge difference in the topography of Haridwar and Nashik. Nonetheless, they said that they would be keen to adopt all possible measures regarding crowd management, vehicular traffic and thwart terror acts and anti-social activities.The measures decided by the police include setting up closed circuit television cameras at the river banks and sadhu camps, barricading the Shahi Marg on which sadhus proceed for the holy dip and setting up two police stations especially for the Kumbha Mela. Apart from this, the police commissionerate is seeking more vehicles, weapons, wireless and GPRS systems. A proposal asking for Rs 101 crore has already been sent to the district collectorate.The central and state governments and the Nashik Municipal Corporation had pooled in Rs 375 crore for the last Kumbh Mela in 2003-04.Senior officials said this year the amount of the money for managing the Kumbha Mela would be at least three to four times more.In the last Kumbh mela, around 98,000 sadhus and about 50 lakh devotees had converged at the banks of the Godavari for the holy dip. The number is likely to increase manifold during the forthcoming mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16648380", "title": "105 dengue cases in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An alarming rise in dengue cases this season in the city has made many a parent apprehensive about sending their children to play in parks or attend school. As compared to last year, the vector-borne disease swelled to 105 this September, when it was only one last September.Going by figures from public city hospitals and known private labs, there were 105 confirmed cases this September. According to experts, children and the elderly are more vulnerable to dengue as they have weak immunity. \"Children are at risk as they have low immunity. Schools must spread awareness and identify areas where water collects, which must be removed to prevent breeding of dengue mosquitoes,\" said Dr Rajesh Kumar, head of the school for public health, PGI. He added, \"Dengue-causing mosquitoes are day time ones and they lay eggs during this season. Whenever they lay eggs for their survival these mosquitoes bite humans for blood,\" said Dr Rajesh.Jittery about the proliferation of dengue mosquitoes, Aparna Verma, a resident of Sector 18 said, \"There are so many dengue cases in our neighbourhood. I am afraid that my kids might contract dengue as they frequently play in the garden.\"Dr Brahmjyot, a pathologist at a private hospital in Sector 32 said, \"In the last five-six years, Ive never seen such a spurt in dengue cases. Every day, we confirm a case of dengue. Till now we have 20 such cases.\" Not many patients come back for more tests and end up getting a severe form of dengue. Citing figures from her diagnostic lab in Sector 22, Dr Poonam said, \"Out of 10 samples, 2 tested positive for antigen test. We have got some 80 samples till now.\"There have been 69 confirmed cases of dengue according to data from national vector-borne disease department from public hospitals.Spurt In InstancesBoy falls victimOn 24 September, an 8-year-old boy from the city, died in the PGI due to dengue. Last year there was only one case in SeptemberDocs' adviseTake lots of fluids, seasonal vegetables and fruits Wear full sleeve shirts and avoid moving out in dense vegetative areasFact fileThe mosquito can breed in 10-15ml of water too. So, it is recommended to drain off excess water from flower pots too Doctors advise use of repellent creams and mosquito coils/repellents indoors There is no cure, only prevention can help In some people depending on immunity, dengue is moderate and goes away on its own after a few days of of fever Dengue used to occur after 2-3 years of gap. Now it has become seasonal and widespread with rise in urbanization and more and more people travelling to different places frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647390", "title": "Woman found murdered in Paharganj hotel", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 21-year-old woman was found murdered in a hotel room in the Paharganj area of central Delhi on Tuesday afternoon. Police suspect she was strangled or smothered to death.The deceased was identified late in the evening as Shazia, a resident of the Brahmpuri area of northeast Delhi. Shazia and her husband, Rashid, had checked into Karan Palace Hotel on Monday afternoon. They told the hotel reception that they were married and had come from Lucknow. The couple rented a room till Tuesday.The incident was reported around 4pm on Tuesday after the hotel staff found the door of room number 207, where the couple was staying, locked from outside. When the cleaning staff went inside, he found the body on the bed.Police suspect Khalid's hand in the murder as he has been missing since Tuesday morning and are analyzing the CCTV footage of the hotel. They are waiting for the autopsy report to determine the cause of the death.Shazia's brother, Khalid, said Shazia had got married a year ago but soon got divorced due to some personal reasons. \"However, a compromise was reached and the duo got married again. Recently, Shazia complained to our parents about Rashid's misbehavior and torture. She subsequently left the house and came with us to stay.\"Rashid reportedly met Shazia on Monday morning and convinced her to come with him. Police said he lured her into coming to this hotel and asked her not to tell her parents about it. He left the hotel on Tuesday morning and did not return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16647956", "title": "Cremated body of infant resurfaces mysteriously", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: The body of a newborn baby, cremated by its parents after it died a day after its birth, was found mysteriously in front of a house at Sivakasi on Tuesday.The body of the infant was found inside a travel bag, spreading panic among the residents. Police said that bag was found in front of the house of one Rajasekar at Palaniandavar Colony early in the morning. The residents, who suspected that the infant was murdered and dumped there, informed the police. However, police inquiry has revealed that it was not a murder.\"But we are yet to find who brought the body of the baby and dumped it along the street,\" a police official said. The police said that they have found the parents of the baby - S Kulandaivelu (30) of Kamarajapuram Colony in Sivakasi and Chitra (24).Chitra gave birth to the baby only on Monday at a government hospital. But, hours after it was born, the infant developed complications and was referred to another hospital. \"The baby died on the way to the hospital. Kulandaivelu and his relatives took the body to a graveyard and buried the baby,\" police said.Police visited the burial ground to find if it was Kulandaivelu's child. The suspicion of the police turned out to be true as the body was not found in the place it was buried. \"There were no injury marks on the body of the baby. But we are inquiring to find the mystery behind the body being dug out and dumped in a bag,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16648703", "title": "Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik pull-out: Congress in need of new ally in state", "text": "RANCHI: The decision of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) withdrawing support from the UPA-II may not have any impact on the central government but the Congress will definitely have to search for a new partner in the state. The Babulal Marandi-led party has two members in Lok Sabha.Political observers here feel that despite being a national party, the Congress has never been able to have a strong presence in the state. This is the reason behind the Congress contesting elections in alliance with a regional party.\"In the last two assembly elections also, the Congress contested with a local partner. In 2005, it was the JMM and in 2009, it tied up with the JVM-P. Now that the JVM-P has ended the ties with the Congress, the national party will once again start the search for a new alliance partner,\" said R P Singh, a professor of political science with Ranchi University. Under no circumstance, the Congress can contest a general election on its own as in most places the organization functions just on papers. Even most of the sitting MLAs do not have support base at the grassroots level to ensure a crowd of 5,000 for a public rally.A senior Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) member admitted that the organization was weak at the grassroots and it would be difficult for them to retain the 13 seats in the assembly if the party contested the elections on its own.Congress Legislative Party (CLP) leader Rajendra Singh, too, did not rule out a fresh alliance in the state. \"We are a national party and many things are decided by the high command. Let the party high command take a decision,\" said the CLP leader.The path of the JVM-P, a new party which won 11 seats in the last assembly elections, will not be easy also. The party will also have to look for a partner to increase its tally in the next poll. \"The party is just four years old and still has to raise a dedicated cadre base at village and panchayat levels in most districts. If the party goes to the election alone, it will be on a slippery ground. I feel that it will have to enter into an alliance. It won't be a surprise if they once again join hands with the Congress as the JVM-P chief would not like to have alliance with the BJP or the JMM,\" said the RU professor.However, JVM-P president and former chief minister Marandi said the party would not have alliance with any political party in the Lok Sabha or assembly elections.\"We have deliberated on this and have decided that we will contest all 14 Lok Sabha and 81 assembly seats on our own. Under no circumstance we are going to have alliance in the state,\" said Marandi. He also ruled out the possibility of reviving the ties with the Congress as it was against the interest of masses and had failed to protect common man from escalating price of essential commodities. \"The party will not accept any proposal of alliance from the Congress in future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16647136", "title": "Elderly teacher killed at home in north Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 62-year-old school teacher, due to retire in November, was found strangled to death at her residence in north Delhi on Tuesday. The victim, Madhu Mehra, lived alone in a government accommodation in Timarpur, north Delhi, after her husband and son died in accidents several years ago.Police said Mehra was found with her feet tied and mouth gagged. The killer appeared to have come in through the door and the house was ransacked but her jewellery was intact, officers said. Police are questioning a school lab assistant who was close to Mehra and had allegedly borrowed Rs 1 lakh from her.The deceased taught science at the Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya in Nehru Vihar and lived alone at a government accommodation in Teachers Colony. Her husband and son had died in separate accidents several years ago. She had sought an extension two years ago and was due to retire on November 3.\"The killer had a friendly entry. Her legs were tied and mouth gagged. The cupboard near her bed was overturned and the bed box had been thoroughly searched. However, the jewellery and the electronic equipment were intact. We have recovered the woman's cellphone too,'' said a senior investigating officer.\"We have activated our eyes and ears network and are hoping for a breakthrough soon. We are investigating all possible angles, including personal enmity and robbery,'' said DCP (north) Sindhu Pillai.A senior officer said that one Rajender Kumar (59), a school lab assistant, called up at 2.20pm on Tuesday to inform that the entrance door of the Mehra flat, where she had been living for the past 22 years, was open and that she was lying dead on her bedroom floor. Cops said she usually slept in the balcony.Mehra was apparently close to Rajender whom she treated as her brother. \"Rajender often visited her. He was here on Tuesday when he found out about the murder. We have been told that he had borrowed Rs 10,000 from her recently but was not finding it easy to return the money. We are investigating these claims,'' said an officer. Till reports last came in, Rajender was being questioned at the Timarpur police station.Ashok Kumar Singh, a visually-impaired colleague of the deceased, told TOI that Mehra was extremely careful about her security although she had not registered with the senior citizen cell of Delhi Police. \"She never opened her door to strangers and the nominee of her will himself does not know that he has been nominated by her,\" said Ashok.Ashok said he was a neighbour of Madhu Mehra and they took the same rickshaw to school every day. \"A rickshawpuller, Naresh Kumar, used to come every day to our flats and wait for us. She had been teaching in this school for the past 10 years, but we were commuting together for the past two years. However, Naresh's son-in-law fell sick in Patna and he left one week ago. Hence, we were travelling separately for the past one week,'' said Ashok.Madhu Mehra had studied in Bangalore where her father was employed. Later she moved to Delhi. \"She lost her husband in an accident when her son only was a few months old. Her son too died in an accident when he was around 15. Her parents came to stay with her, but after their death a couple of years ago, she was alone. She has a sister who stays elsewhere in Delhi,'' said an officer.Ashok claimed that his son had spotted Madhu Mehra at the local market around 9.30pm on Monday. \"She did not interact much with neighbours but was a favourite with her students,'' he said. Cops said the woman was close to another lady teacher who lived opposite her flat. \"We found her house locked and are trying to find her for more information,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649213", "title": "400 timber logs washed away in Bawanthadi", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as revenue generation is becoming difficult due to changing role of forestry, the Nagpur forest division has lost money as over 400 logs of teak and other trees were washed away in Bawanthadi dam waters in Bhandara district. The forest department is now engaged in the task of retrieving the logs floating in the dam's backwaters.The logs were washed away in the recent heavy rains. The logs were a source of revenue for the forest department as they were cut from the forest areas which are going to submerge in the rising dam waters.According to official sources, the felling was done well before the rains in Tangla round under Paoni range, 70km from here. The labourers were also paid wages for felling. The material was supposed to be shifted to the forest depot, but this was not done. As a result, the logs were washed away in the recent heavy rains.Forest officials seem to have kept deputy conservator of forests (DyCF), Nagpur, PK Mahajan in the dark. \"I was not informed nor any report in this regard was submitted to me by the subordinates. Action will be taken against employees if they are guilty,\" Mahajan told TOI.Mahajan said that two lots of 300 logs each were kept at separate places. As per latest information, of the timber washed away, around 400 logs have been retrieved with the help of boats while the remaining logs may be recovered after the water level recedes.However, no spot investigation have been done so far on whether these logs have actually been recovered from the dam water or not.Mahajan and range forest officer (RFO) Madanlal Jaiswal's views differ on the issue. Jaiswal says only 233 logs have been retrieved. \"We will verify the claims,\" Mahajan said.Jaiswal says since the contractor did not lift the material in time, the logs were washed away. \"We will recommend seizure of his earnest money deposit (EMD). I am not responsible for the lapse, as I was not holding the post when the felling was done,\" said Jaiswal.However, Jaiswal joined on June 20, when the rains had not started. It was possible to shift the logs to the depot. The department is now forced to spend extra money on retrieving the logs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16649358", "title": "Did govt bungle offshore mine allotment too?", "text": "NAGPUR: As CBI probes a likely scam in the allotment of offshore mine blocks, the affair has exposed how the government bungled through the process of distributing country's natural resources under the sea. The Central government appointed Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM), headquartered in Nagpur, the nodal agency for the process.IBM is largely a technical organization responsible for approving mining plans and ensuring minerals are extracted within allowable limits. It had, and still does not have, any expertise in making allocations of mine blocks, whether offshore or onshore.Offshore mining is an entirely new field and has not even started in India, claim sources here. Just before screening of applications began, some IBM officials were hurriedly sent to Namibia for a seven-day crash course to understand nitty-gritty of offshore mining, said a source here. Namibia is among the handful of countries doing offshore mining. Experts were also invited from National Institute of Oceanography and Geological Survey of India's marine division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16648123", "title": "BSF fights drug smugglers with non-lethal weapons on India-Bangladesh border", "text": "GUWAHATI: Barred from shooting down smugglers and infiltrators on the India-Bangladesh border by the Centre as a policy decision, the Border Security Force (BSF) has only non-lethal pellets and dyed grenades to tackle such elements.A source said, \"This is a policy of the Centre for over a year now. We cannot fire at infiltrators from across Bangladesh after the neighbouring country had expressed displeasure.\" BSF personnel are supposed to nab the culprits and hand them over to the authorities concerned.Personnel of BSF (Guwahati Frontier) have been carrying out extensive domination on the border and have successfully thwarted innumerable attempts of smugglers by using non-lethal weapons and ammunition. Drugs smugglers from both countries mostly deal in Indian manufactured cough syrup phensedyl (codeine based), which is in great demand in Bangladesh.A BSF spokesman said 2850 bottles of phensidyl and 111 kg of ganja were seized on the international border in September. Besides, four smugglers from Bangladesh and 18 from India were also caught. Eleven other Bangladeshis were also apprehended for illegally crossing the border during the month.\"Besides, troops of Guwahati Frontier, during the period, also seized 586 cattle and other contraband items,\" the spokesman said.\"BSF of Guwahati Frontier is making all out efforts to check infiltration, smuggling of drugs and other cross border crimes,\" the spokesman added. He said Bangladesh and the Border Guards of Bangladesh (BGB) are always raising the issue of smuggling of narcotics from India to Bangladesh in all forums.\"BSF has been carrying out round-the-clock domination on the border to apprehend smugglers. As a result, seizure of drugs and nabbing of smugglers often takes place,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16647904", "title": "Rivals resort to \u2018Gandhigiri\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The ruling BJD and opposition Congress on Tuesday invoked Mahatma Gandhi on his on his 143rd birth anniversary to launch weeklong padayatras across the state, each with the agenda of exposing the corruption of the other and garner public opinion in their favor.For the BJD, chief minister and party president Naveen Patnaik launched the annual padayatra from a slum in the old town in Bhubaneswar. The programme would end on Jayaprakash's birth anniversary on October 11 during which ministers, party MLAs and other functionaries have been asked to replicate it in their respective places. With the urban elections due in 2013, the chief minister, party sources said, would devote three days each in the three Assembly constituencies in Bhubaneswar.The Congress chose to inaugurate what it named \"Paribartan yatra\" from the historic Swaraj Ashram at Cuttack where Gandhiji stayed for two days when he visited Odisha for the first time on March 23, 1921, and addressed a public meeting next day at the nearby Kathajodi riverbed. PCC president Niranjan Patnaik inaugurated the programme, which will culminate on October 9 at the famous Bakulabana, associated with social thinker and writer Utkalmani Gopabandu Dash near Sakhigopal in Puri district. The party has asked all its other functionaries and supporters to organize similar yatras in their respective places during this period.Given the present condition of BJD and Congress, both in power in the state and Centre are suffering from mounting charges of corruption, nepotism and maladministration against them. The BJD was ushered into power replacing the Congress in the state in 2000 mainly on the corruption issue. But the Naveen Patnaik government in the last 12 years, much to be surprise of the general public, has been embroiled in a series of scams involving lakhs of crores of rupees. The condition of Congress in the state is not better, the party having been practically reduced to a signboard outfit faced with poor public image, fewer activities and more importantly the cascading impact of the series of scams against the UPA government at the Centre. The Congress only seemed a little galvanized after the September 6 rally in Bhubaneswar followed by the state bandh four days later.\"We are confident of removing the Naveen Patnaik government from power if we work seriously and sincerely. The people, who once pinned a lot of hope on the BJD government, are now frustrated because of the high corruption. Scams are galore in every sector including mines, MGNREGA, so-called MoUs for industries etc. The government practically is not functioning. Hundreds of crores of rupees coming from the Union government on different welfare schemes are not being utilized. The Naveen government is only thriving on cheap and misleading publicity,\" PCC president Niranjan Patnaik, accompanied by Union minister Srikanta Jena and other senior party leaders, said.Not lagging behind, the BJD has prepared a two-page leaflet chronicling the different welfare programmes the government has undertaken for the benefit of the poor people. The leaflet also carries a list of 10 major scams faced by the Congress-led UPA government. \"Our padayatra is aimed at establishing contacts with the people and highlight the Centre's negligence towards Odisha,\" said BJD Lok Sabha MP Bhartruhari Mahatab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647187", "title": "Anti-nuke stir: 3 deported Japanese send support email", "text": "CHENNAI: The three Japan nationals, deported from Chennai airport on September 25 while on their way to Kudankulam to join the anti-nuclear plan agitation, have, in an email, told protestors that \"people across the world want to express solidarity with the historic movement in Tamil Nadu.\"\"We came here to show our solidarity with the agitation but were stopped at Chennai airport. After an hour-long interrogation, we had 'inadmissible persons' stamped on our papers, denying us entry. We are writing this because we would like you to know what we experienced,\" the email, accessed by TOI, said.The email, written by Yoko Unoda of the No Nukes Asia Forum Japan, Masahiro Watarida of the Hiroshima Network against Kaminoseki Nuclear Power Plant and video journalist Shinsuke Nakai, further said, \"'we could not see people in Kudankulam and those sympathizing with them. It is regrettable that we could not meet them. After being denied entry, our concern has become more serious.\"\"Globally, there are no borders when it comes to nuclear devastation. Let us overcome the difference of nationalities and languages and make thousands of, ten thousands of, comrades fight for our future without nukes. We hope to see you in India at the next opportunity,\" the mail said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "sualkuchi", "code": "16648089", "title": "Rhino still stranded on Brahmaputra sand bar", "text": "SUALKUCHI: The hope of rescuing the one-horned rhino, which remained marooned on Rani Chapori, a sand bar some 40km north of the city in the middle of the Brahmaputra, was once again washed away with the incessant rain on Tuesday.The state forest department, which accelerated the rescue operation with the help of the Indian Air Force (IAF) in the past 24 hours, is yet to tranquilize the pachyderm.The rhino, believed to have strayed out of Pabitora Wildlife Sanctuary to escape floodwaters, is stranded on the sand bar since Sunday. The sanctuary is located around 50km east of the city.\"The rhino is now resting near the river bank. If we shoot it with a tranquilizer dart, it will run towards the water - this is the natural reaction of animals when they are sedated. And an unconscious rhino is more likely than not going to drown in the river,\" said Bijoy Dutta, a veterinarian in the team.On Tuesday, the rhino was seen in the grassland on the sand bar, just 100 metre away from the river. Due to rapid human movement in the area, the rhino has hidden itself in an area surrounded by swamp and mud, and is hardly visible.An IAF helicopter has been kept on the standby to airlift the rhino. \"We have received clearance from the defence ministry. This is going to be the first ever rhino airlifting instance in the country,\" said state forest minister Rockybul Hussain who visited the site on Tuesday.In 2008, two tigers were carried by IAF helicopters from Ranthambore National Park to Sariska Tiger Reserve in Rajasthan. The IAF sources said that they have already arranged an MI-17 from its Bagdogra airbase in West Bengal and a specialised net from the Jorhat base to airlift the rhino, which weighs almost two tons, to a safer location.\"We will get around one hour to shift the rhino after it is tranquilized. To tie it in the net in a scientific method and to pick it up from the sand bar will take at least 40 minutes under normal conditions,\" added Dutta. The authorities have also selected three grounds within three minutes of flying distance from Rani Chapori for rapid and safe completion of the operation. The forest department is constantly providing food and medicines to the full-grown rhino. \"We have deployed armed guards to protect the rhino. It has possibly swum across 12 to 15 km in the flood water and is stressed out,\" said divisional forest officer (Guwahati) S K Seal Sarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16649634", "title": "Muniyappa to lead field sans Jyoti", "text": "MUMBAI: Injuries seem to have become a prominent feature in Indian golf with defending champion Jyoti Randhawa pulling out of the CG Open, to be held at the BPGC from Wednesday, with a neck and back sprain.Jyoti picked up the injury during training sessions at the Golden Greens course in Gurgaon the week before the Asia-Pacific Panasonic Open in Japan, where it got aggravated and resulted in a missed cut for the eight-time Asian Tour winner.There was confusion over Jyoti's availability for the Rs 1 crore event, as there was news of him playing in the CJ Invitational in Korea, but all speculation was put to rest after the golfer's admission.In Jyoti's absence, the 124-strong field will be led by 2009 Indian Open champion C Muniyappa, who is seeking to make a golfing comeback after more than a two-year injury lay-off following a back injury the same year.\"I got injured in Hong Kong after my Indian Open win and could not play any events thereafter. I tried to make a return the next year but the pain was so immense that I could not play even with painkillers and was forced to undergo physiotherapy sessions,\" Muniyappa told TOI.\"The pain has not totally subsided but it is under manageable range. It's been long since I picked up a club, so I reached here early (Sunday) to have a better feel of the conditions. I just wish to somehow get into the top-10 on the Order of Merit by the end of this season to boost my confidence,\" added the Bangalore-based pro. The other big names missing on the entry list are Gaganjeet Bhullar - who is playing in Korea - and Anirban Lahiri, who is taking a break after six continuous weeks of golf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647499", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to avail of technical help for 24-hour water scheme", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will be signing an agreement with the Cities Development Initiative for Asia (CDIA) to get technical help for implementation of the 24x7 water supply scheme in Pimpri-Chinchwad city.The civic standing committee approved a resolution in this regard at its weekly meeting held on Tuesday. The CDIA is to provide technical support to help establish an implementation framework for the 24x7 water supply.The civic body will provide office space, computers, internet connection and other equipment like leak detector, pipe locator, valve operator, gauges at an estimated cost of Rs 16.50 lakh.The committee also approved a resolution to send four civic officials and three elected office-bearers to Singapore to attend the Teamsek Foundation water leadership programme (water resource management) from November 12 to 23.A resolution to implement the Union health department's Janani Shishu Suraksha programme at civic-run hospitals in the city was also approved at the meeting. As part of the programme, free treatment will be provided to pregnant women and newborn babies up to 30 days old at municipal hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16647936", "title": "Bus services from Coimbatore stalled", "text": "COIMBATORE: Following the simmering tension over the release of Cauvery water from Karnataka to Tamil Nadu, bus services from Coimbatore to Mysore have come to a standstill for the past three days. However, buses and trains to Bangalore are running as per schedule.There are 25 buses that ply between Coimbatore and Mysore. On the way to Mysore, they pass through Annur, Sathy and Bannari and Chamrajnagar, said R Jaibalan, manager in charge, Karnataka State Transport Corporation, Coimbatore. \"Buses to Bangalore via Salem, Dharmapuri and Hosur are operating as per schedule without any hurdles. KSRTC is operating 11 buses against the six they usually operate,\" he added.Meanwhile, State Express Transport Corporation buses (SETC) and TNSTC buses, Coimbatore division, have stopped all services to Mysore, while the buses to Bangalore operate till Hosur. SETC has stopped 18 bus services to Mysore operated from Coimbatore, Ooty and Mettupalayam. As many bus services were cancelled, trains were crowded. Railway officials noted that the trains to Bangalore are usually crowded, but in the last few days there has been a considerable increase in passenger reservations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647085", "title": "Girls put Nationalist Congress Party leaders on the mat", "text": "PUNE: NCP top leaders Ajit Pawar and MP Supriya Sule found themselves in an uncomfortable position on Tuesday as girls from the city fired hard-hitting questions at them over deteriorating law and order, pathetic public transport, inactiveness of corporators and lack of facilities for women.A convention of Rashtravadi Yuvati Congress (RYC) for Pune city saw girls speaking out about lack of basic facilities like public urinals and a growing sense of insecurity. Pawar and Sule had a tough time replying to them all. Their situation was more precarious since the NCP is the ruling party in the PMC for the last six years and it holds the home department portfolio in the state government.The Rashtravadi Yuvati Congress was recently formed by Sule as a wing to train, counsel and encourage women to join politics.A girl asked Pawar and Sule what the party was doing about deteriorating law and order situation in the city, importantly because its own leader, R R Patil, holds the home department portfolio. \"In areas like Balajinagar it is impossible for girls to step out of their houses after 8 pm because of criminal elements. There is a police chowky in the vicinity, but they don't do anything,\" said another girl.Girls also complained of eve-teasing in all parts of the city and rued that the elected representatives and the police are not doing enough to check the offenders. Another girl from Dhankawdi said that shortage of PMPML buses is a major concern. She also said that driver and conductors are rude with girls and women.Girls living in the outskirts of the city complained about insufficient buses and lack of public urinals. A girl told Ajit Pawar that despite his decision as deputy chief minister to ban gutkha, it is available across the city.Girls submitted a list of demands to mayor Vaishali Bankar which included the need for more street lights, provision to keep shops and other commercial establishments open till late night in areas where women and girls work, installation of CCTV cameras in parking plots of big companies. They also sought free self-defence training, women-friendly taxies and compulsion to have glass doors for elevators.City NCP leaders remained mute spectators during the discussion while mayor Vaishali Bankar could only say that the PMC will try to address all these issues. MP Supriya Sule said that the NCP leadership in the city should take serious cognizance of the issues raised by the girls. Ajit Pawar assured the audience that all necessary steps will be taken to ensure security for women. He said the party will ask home minister R R Patil to conduct meetings in Pune to address issues raised by girls.Laptop faux pasMore embarrassment was in store for NCP leaders as a girl from Dhankawdi accused the local NCP corporator of doing a U-turn on his promise to gift a laptop to the winner of a general knowledge quiz held recently. \"I won the competition, but never got the laptop. Why do you organize such competitions and make promises when you cannot honour your commitment?\" said the girl. A visibly upset Ajit Pawar asked the girl to name the corporator. When the girl publically announced the corporator, who was present at the function, Pawar chided him and ordered him to give the laptop within a week. The corporator tried to argue by saying that the contact number of the girl was missing and hence the prize was not given to her. He promised to give the prize immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16647959", "title": "Body of boy gone missing on Sept 27 retrieved from well", "text": "COIMBATORE: The body of a 13-year-old boy, who had fought with his mother and went missing at Rangasamuthiram near Annur on September 27, was retrieved from a well by police on Monday after a bad odor emanated from it.The deceased was identified as B Tamil Selvan. Police said, Bannari, 40, had separated from his wife B Kavitha, 35, for the last four years. The couple has two sons B Arun Prasad, 15 and Tamil Selvan who lived with their mother Kavitha in a rented house at Rangasamuthiram near Annur.Bannari, a daily wage labourer, had married again and settled in Sathyamangalam in Erode district. Kavitha advised their sons not to meet with their father. But they did not pay heed to her advice and often met with their father.On September 26, Tamil and Arun had gone to meet their father and stayed with him. The very next day, they returned home. When their mother found out that they had visited with their father, she chastised them.Angry with his mother, Tamil Selvan walked out of the house and did not return. Kavitha and her elder son Arun searched for him in various places, including their relative's house. But they could not trace Tamil. Finally, Kavitha lodged a complaint with Annur police on Monday.Meanwhile, residents informed the police that a bad odour emanated from a well at Rangasamuthiram and some clothes and a pair of footwear were found near the well.Immediately, Mettupalayam fire and rescue service personnel were alerted. They rushed to the spot and fire fighters retrieved the body of Tamil Selvan.Annur police have registered a case. Meanwhile, a detailed investigation is on.Angry with his mother, Tamil Selvan walked out of the house and did not return. Kavitha and her elder son Arun searched for him in various places, including their relative's house. But they could not trace Tamil. Finally, Kavitha lodged a complaint with Annur police on MondayAngry with his mother, Tamil Selvan walked out of the house and did not return. Kavitha and her elder son Arun searched for him in various places, including their relative's house. But they could not trace Tamil. Finally, Kavitha lodged a complaint with Annur police on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16646490", "title": "FIR against Uddhav Thackeray, Raj Thackeray for speeches", "text": "MUMBAI: An FIR was filed on Tuesday against MNS chief Raj Thackeray and Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray under various IPC provisions, including sediton, for making allegedly inflammatory speeches against the people of Bihar.The case at Town police station in Bihar's Muzaffarpur district was lodged at the direction of a local court against the Thackeray cousins under sections 124A (sedition), 153A (promoting enmity between different groups of people), 120B (criminal conspiracy) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16647725", "title": "Crane capsizes, crushes diver at Kasimedu wharf", "text": "CHENNAI: A crane crushed a 42-year-old professional when it capsized in the fishing harbour at Kasimedu on Tuesday evening. The crane toppled over when the operator attempted to move a 2\u00bd tonne boulder from near a wharf being constructed in the harbour.Police said Selvamani, who lived in Anna Nagar, had been hired by the fisheries department to clear concrete waste that was hindering construction of the wharf that is being built to replace an old pier. The boulder had rolled into shallow water when the old pier was demolished and had been obstructing movement of mechanised boats.Selvamani was helping remove the boulder when the accident took place, a police officer said. Fishing Harbour police are searching for crane operator Balamurugan, 22, of Villupuram, who fled from the spot after the accident.The fisheries department decided to remove the boulder after fishermen complained that it had damaged several mechanised boats.\"The work to remove the boulder began in the afternoon,\" the officer said. \"Selvamani got into the water and attached metal fasteners to the boulder. He connected fasteners to cables and climbed on the wharf before the crane started lifting the boulder.\"When the crane tilted to one side because of the weight of the boulder, Selvamani asked the other at the site to balance the machine by climbing on it and standing on the other side. \"But the boulder was too heavy for the crane and it toppled over, crushing Selvamani to death,\" the officer said.He leaves behind his wife and a one-year-old child.When contacted, fisheries department executive engineer S Natraj said work is underway on reconstruction of the old 495-metre-long pier at Kasimedu fishing harbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16647854", "title": "Interviews to fill lecturers' posts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The office of the Director of Technical Education (DTE) has started interviews to recruit lecturers for degree and diploma engineering colleges from Tuesday.Officials said that 3500 candidates have applied for 280 vacant positions of lecturers in degree engineering colleges while 18,000 candidates have applied for 592 positions of lecturers in the diploma engineering colleges. Officials said that since candidates who passed ME and BE from different universities in different states have applied, their merit is being considered on the basis of Cumulative Performance Index ( CPI). Lecturers are being recruited for 22 different branches. \"We have started the interviews and vacant teaching positions in degree and diploma colleges will soon be filled\", T Natarajan, director of technical education said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647385", "title": "Storytelling performance at British Library today", "text": "PUNE: The British Library, Pune, has organized a 'storytelling performance' by Xanthe Gresham with an aim to showcase the UK's creativity in storytelling for young learners and adults.It will introduce them to a new art form to develop their creative talent, comprehension and storytelling skills, enhancing their imagination through creative exploration of stories.Gresham is a lecturer in Storytelling and Drama at the University of East London. The event will be held at the British Library on FC Road on Wednesday at 6 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16651418", "title": "Bangalore\u2019s theatre enthusiasts at The Open Couple", "text": "Bangalore's theatre enthusiasts rounded off their weekend by catching a show of the Ashish Sen directorial The Open Couple, starring Rubi Chakravarti. The play, which was held at the Novotel Bengaluru Techpark, saw the who's who on the city's social circuit in attendance.We spotted top cop Praveen Sood with his wife Vineeta at this do, as well as artist Jaya Javeri and dancer Madhu Nataraj. Guests were also given a sneak peek at the hotel's resto-bar Blue Terrain. Speaking on the occasion, Puneet Dhawan, General Manager, ibis &amp; Novotel Bengaluru Techpark said, \"Blue Terrain, which offers grills and barbecued items from the live kitchens is destined to be a favourite hangout for discerning Bangaloreans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16647062", "title": "HC asks Mira Road police to file status report on land dispute by October 12", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has directed the Mira Road police to file a status report by October 12 on transferring a land dispute case to another agency.Bhagwan Patil, a farmer, through a writ petition, has alleged that the police are going slow on the probe against RNA Builders and has sought its transfer to the CBI or any other agency. The matter will be heard on October 12.Investigating officer M Kshirsagar said, \"Following the allegations, the case has been transferred to me. Prima facie it appears that in 1989, Patil sold the land to RNA Builders. But as the property rates increased, he went back on the deal and alleged that RNA had cheated him.\"The case pertains to a complaint filed by Patil alleging that RNA cheated him by forging documents and executed and registered the development agreements with the help of government officials.Patil has claimed his family of eight members owned the seven acres, which it allegedly received from the government in 1995. But RNA's agreement shows the land was purchased from Patil and his family in 1993. \"If my client family did not get the land till 1995, how was it possible for RNA to buy it in 1993? In 2011, RNA submitted a report to various government departments stating that all stake-holders who had sold them lands were alive. But three Patil family members died in 2005 and 2008,\" said Patil's advocate Kunjan Thakur.RNA director Narendra Gupta said, \"The case is bogus. It is a way to extract money. I have had enough humiliation due to the complainant. I have given all details to cops. Let them probe and file reports.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16648603", "title": "Ludhiana municipal corporation plans ahead to cure traffic woes", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tailgating vehicles, never-ending traffic snarls, scenes of road rage and traffic light violations are often noticed as one drives on city roads.With a view to organizing roads in a better way, the municipal corporation has come up with a special plan to widen roads, build traffic junctions and more parking bays.Commissioner of Ludhiana municipal corporation R K Verma said the plan blueprint was forwarded to the state government, and has been approved.\"This is a tentative plan and changes might be made over time. New roads would cover 313km and the stretches measuring 199km would be widened,\" Verma explained.Possibility of making Chaura Bazaar road a no-parking area would be explored and a multi-storey parking is likely at Ghumar Mandi.Improvements would be made on 19 junctions including Vishwakarma Chowk, Jagraon Bridge Chowk, Geeta Mandir Chowk, Bharat Nagar Chowk, Bhaiwala Chowk, Aarti Chowk, Yes Bank Chowk, Circuit House Chowk, Sarabha Nagar Chowk, Delta Heart Centre Chowk, Canal Chowk, Aggar Nagar sectors A and B Chowk, Lodhi Club Junction, Sherpur Chowk, Oswal Chowk, Samrala Chowk, Shivpuri Chowk, Basti Jodhewal Chowk and Jalandhar Bypass Chowk.Elaborating on the proposals, additional commissioner (technical)H S Khosa said,\" The RITES company which identified the sites would try out various plans to ease traffic congestion. Flyovers would be constructed at some places and some rotaries would be replaced with traffic lights.\"Khosa said certain departments would be involved in the planning for the next two decades, and a lot of areas of Sahnewal, Doraha and Jagraon would be covered.When asked about the deadline to these projects, Khosa said: \"A road map would be made for the city in the coming years. Some projects would be taken up on priority and others would take time with proper planning.\"Though this might be good news for local people, but residents showed a mixed response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16647309", "title": "Computers stolen from Alandi municipal school", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons broke into the office of a school run by the Alandi Municipal Council at Dehu Phata and stole two computers worth Rs 16,000.The incident took place during the early hours of Monday. School principal Santosh Marabhal has lodged a complaint with the Vishrantwadi police station.Police sub-inspector R D Motale said that the theft came to light after a school employee opened the office on Monday morning.\"The suspects had entered the office by breaking the locks on the door,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16651894", "title": "Suspended CSA chief Majola hopes to be back before CLT20", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Suspended Cricket South Africa (CSA) chief executive officer Gerald Majola may be back in his position before the start of the Champions League Twenty20 here next week, according to his lawyers.But CSA's legal experts are equally confident that a special plea at Majola's disciplinary hearing will fail.\"At the moment, we are dealing with preliminary points raised on behalf of Majola in his plea to the charges,\" lawyer Pumezo David told the daily The Times, expressing optimism that the chairman of the hearing, Advocate Karel Tip, would rule in Majola's favour by Friday.But CSA's lawyer Nicholas Preston described Majola's special plea as a technical defence to the charges.\"We're confident that the special plea will be dismissed,\" Preston said.Majola was suspended early this year on the recommendation of the Nicholson inquiry instituted by Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula following a long-standing wrangling over huge bonuses during the second edition of the IPL that he paid himself and other CSA staff.The second season of IPL was played in South Africa due to clash of dates with general elections in India.The inquiry found Majola to have breached his fiduciary duties by not informing the CSA board about the bonuses.It recommended not just disciplinary hearing currently under way, but also investigation of possible criminal charges against Majola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-03"}
