{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299375", "title": "Kolkata lauds Sachin\u2019s feat", "text": "KOLKATA: Cricket crazy Kolkatans celebrated Sachin Tendulkar's 100th international century on Friday. Some neighbourhoods saw Sachin fans taking out procession with the master blaster's poster while there were those who distributed sweets. There were also those who drummed up the occasion literally. For those not aware, the message - Sachin has finally achieved his hundredth century - was conveyed through crackers and light works.At different localities boomed the message across to those who were not glued to the television set that Sachin has finally achieved the feat that was eluding him for a year and few days.\"It is a great occasion and we want to make it memorable. The 'god of cricket' has finally achieved what we have been praying for so long,\" said Ujjal Paul of Juger Prabhati Barta. glued to the obsolete looking 14 inch television set fixed on the pavement by the club in Akroor Dutta Lane in Central Kolkata. They erupted in joy when the master blaster hit the record 100.From 10-year-old class III student Akash Pramanik to 52-year-old businessman Anup Ojha, everyone got soaked in the celebration. Painting their faces with the numerical hundred, Sanchin's name and the Indian Tricolour, the members ''victory march' in the locality was participated by the young and old.Members of the Sachin Fans' Association on Harish Chatterjee Road began the day early with prayers for the cricket icon. As Sachin got near to hitting a century, members of the Sachin Fans' Association on Harish Chatterjee Road, silence descended in the club premises. They greeted the moment by bursting crackers.While some had silent prayer on their lips, some closed their eyes only to jump up in joy as the master blaster hit the target. Soon there was a boom here and a crack there as the members fired crackers up in t he air.\"The master blaster has done it finally! We are proud of him. May God bless him always,\" Said Swapan Das, a member of the club.Cricketers from the city too were elated at the top of the world as Sachin swept the field in Mirpur stadium.This is one great achievement in cricket, a record that is going to stay for a long time. I feel proud of Sachin - someone from a fraternity I am associated with and someone I have seen from close quarters has achieved this feat. It gives me a sense of relief as the wait is finally over,\" said former cricker Deep Dasgupta.Devang Gandhi too was equally elated. The former cricketer was glued on the television set during the whole match to witness Sachin achieve the feat.\"I was really nervous when Sachin was stuck at 99th run. Phew! I was so relieved when he hit the 100th run. It is a great achievement and I am really happy. I feel proud and blessed that I shared the dressing room with his great man. Sachin has proved his critics wrong,\" said Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300682", "title": "Shipping in shallow waters", "text": "The shipping industry, which is already in choppy waters, may have to wait longer for the tide to turn in their favour. The budget was a disappointing one for the industry, which was expecting a modernization fund for easy access to low-cost borrowings, abolishing seafarer's tax to retain talent and exemption from service tax on several inputs.The silver-lining was Pranab Mukherjee's proposal to do away with the 5% countervailing duty imposed on ships last year. Anil Devli, CEO, Indian National Shipowners Association (INSA), said, \"Doing away with this levy will end lot of uncertainty among companies about bringing their ships to the Indian coast. But overall most of our demands have been given a go by.\"The reduction of withholding tax on interest payments of external commercial borrowings is also expected to help port developers and shipbuilders to some extent.\"While reduction in withholding tax will help easy access to finance, the increase in service tax is a dampener,\" said Prakash Tulsiani, managing director, APM Terminals, Pipavav port. He added the reduction of import duty on coal will attract larger volumes of the commodity, which in turn will lead to growth in bulk cargo business.Suren Vakil, managing director, BMT Consultants India, said, \"It's an opportunity lost. There is nothing to promote coastal shipping, which could have had a huge potential for reducing traffic on roads and freight costs. Moreover, tax break on ECB will have a marginal impact as most funds are raised locally.\"Essar Shipping's managing director A R Ramakrishnan said, \"There is no announcement in terms of direct initiative for the shipping industry in the budget. There are positive opportunities that could arise for the industry from the various initiatives announced for the power, steel and ports sectors. These sectors being substantial users of shipping services, the support provided to them over the next two/three year period would have a positive impact for shipping firms.\"The 2% increase in excise duty is expected to affect ship breakers in Alang. \"We will have to bear an additional burden of Rs 150 crore with the hike,\" said Vipin Agrawal, vice president, Alang Ship Recycling Industry Association.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12298441", "title": "Budget 2012: Modernizing of forces still not priority", "text": "Concerns over internal security has always been in focus during various discourses within the government, but the budget does not appear to match those words. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday hardly allocated anything substantial for modernizing state police forces which largely depend on the Centre to fund their schemes.The budget, however, intended to take care of well-being of central paramilitary forces by allocating Rs 1,185 crore for construction of 4,000 residential quarters for personnel who are deployed for fighting against terrorists and naxalites and also to protect Indian borders.Besides, a provision of Rs 3,280 crore for 2012-13 has also been made for construction of office buildings including land acquisition and barracks to accommodate 27,000 personnel of various forces like CRPF, BSF, ITBP, CISF and SSB.Though the overall allocation to the home ministry has seen an increase of Rs 6,767 crore from Rs 47,681 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 54,448 crore in next financial year, total assistance to states rose by merely Rs 174.96 crore including Rs 100 crore for modernization of police forces. These minor increases will affect the states' plan to procure modern weapons and sophisticated gadgets for their police forces.Surprisingly, the fund for creating special infrastructure in Maoist-affected states has seen a decline of Rs 45 crore from Rs 200 crore in the financial year 2011-12 to Rs 155 crore in next fiscal. As a result, seven naxal-affected states - Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Bihar, West Bengal, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh - will get lesser fund from the home ministry.In contrast, the Centre's ongoing effort to put in place the National Intelligence Grid (Natgrid) got Rs 364.80 crore in this year's budget, a huge jump from last year's Rs 27.96 crore. The grid is being set up to collect various kinds of data under a system which can be shared quickly through secure computerized network with security agencies as and when required.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12305799", "title": "TMC's 'friendly advice' to Trivedi: Put in your papers before dismissal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The war of nerves between the Congress and the Trinamool Congress over railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's resignation surfaced yet again on Saturday with Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee announcing Mukul Roy as the party's choice for the railway ministry. Mamata, however, did not want to spare any word for Trivedi.Taking the cue, Trinamool chief whip Kalyan Bandyopadhyay on Saturday rang Trivedi and gave some \"friendly advice\" to put in his papers before he was \"dismissed\" from the post.\"I have worked with him (Trivedi). I urged him as a friend to resign gracefully before he is dismissed. Trivedi told me that he will do so only after he gets a written instruction from the Trinamool chairperson. I would only say that Trivedi didn't get a written instruction from the Trinamool chief before assuming charge as railway minister. Is there any confusion that the party has lost confidence on him? What's the point in doing damage to the party?\" said Bandyopadhyay.When asked about Trivedi's proposed ouster, Mamata Banerjee said: \"Don't ask me anything. You better talk to Trinamool Parliamentary Party chief whip Kalyan Bandyopadhyay. The government is to decide.\"The Trinamool chief's naming Mukul Roy is construed as an effort to mount pressure on the Congress and the Prime Minister to sack Trivedi, a day after Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said that the Prime Minister did not enjoy the final authority in a coalition government, as he did in a one-party government. The Prime Minister has to honour the wishes of the coalition partners, Mukherjee said on Friday.However, railway minister Dinesh Trivedi isn't yielding. \"I am a responsible minister. I have a constitutional responsibility. If the party wants me to quit, the party chairperson should write to me. I am saying this to avoid confusion,\" said Trivedi.The confusion that Trivedi was hinting at, is the statement made by Trinamool parliamentary leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay in Parliament, a day after the railway budget on March 15. Bandyopadhyay put it on record that the party didn't ask Dinesh Trivedi to resign as railway minister.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299127", "title": "Rs 300cr for Vidarbha irrigation but no clarity on projects", "text": "NAGPUR: As the finance minister Pranab Mukherjee increased the outlay for agriculture by 18% at Rs 20,208 crore, Vidarbha had a mention in his Budget speech too with Rs 300 crore being allotted for irrigation development in the region. The funds will be allotted under Vidarbha Intensified Irrigation Development Programme which comes under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY). A sum of Rs 9217 crore has been allotted for irrigation projects under RKVY. The amount earmarked for Vidarbha comes to 3.2% of the total corpus.However, neither Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) officials nor the contractors have a clear idea of intensified irrigation development programme. One officer said that the money would be spent for big and small irrigation projects. These funds will improve the overall funding by adding to state government's funds. Irrigation projects are also funded through Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP), which is available for specific projects like Gosikhurd.However, the move does not enthuse many experts who complain of tardy flow of central funds for the state's irrigation projects. \"The state government has always denied Vidarbha its due share of irrigation funds sometimes by blatantly flouting Governor's directives and sometimes by tweaking them. Gosikhurd is yet to receive its second installment of Rs 800 crore plus funds from central government under AIBP. Rs 300 crore is peanuts. The region's projects need about Rs 3,000 crore,\" said an irrigation official.Some private contractors say the cost of large number of projects are disproportionately inflated. As a result, the limited funds available fall short for meeting expenses for all the projects, a problem which would not have arisen if the costs were pegged rationally. This way even Rs 300 crore may fall short.Shirish Chakradeo, president of Contractors and Builders Association of Vidarbha, however, blamed the region's politicians for this unfortunate situation. \"A former minister is constantly lodging complaints about Gosikhurd project work due to personal rivalry with a contractor. The centre should ask VIDC to remedy the faults and release funds. However, this is not happening and Western Maharashtra is taking advantage and securing funds for Tembunala project,\" he said.P C Zapke, executive director of VIDC, said it was not clear for which projects funds had been sanctioned. \"It will be clear when we get the detailed statement,\" he added.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012\u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12301051", "title": "CPI (Maoist) leader Azad killed in genuine encounter: CBI tells Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday put a lid on civil rights groups' protests over the killing of CPI (Maoist) leader Cherukuri Rajkumar aka Azad and journalist Hemchandra Pandey by filing a final probe report before the Supreme Court terming the encounter as genuine and giving a clean chit to Andhra Pradesh police.Pandey's widow Bineeta had sought an independent probe into the encounter killing of her husband along with Azad and her counsel Prashant Bhushan sought a copy of the CBI's probe report, but both additional solicitor general Harin Raval and AP counsel, senior advocate Altaf Ahmed, opposed it.Social activist Swami Agnivesh had also moved the SC doubting the AP police version of the encounter killing of Azad, on whose capture or killing the state government had put a reward of Rs 12 lakh.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai told Bhushan, \"The CBI appears to have done a thorough, painstaking job and the investigation report does not bear out your apprehensions.\" However, it permitted Bhushan to read the CBI report in the Registry and tell the court if there was anything amiss in it.The encounter took place in Adilabad district on July 1, 2010. The CBI had taken took over the probe in April last year after the bench took exception to the encounter killing and forced the state to consent for a probe by the central agency.The petitioners had said a conglomerate of human rights bodies, Coordination of Democratic Rights Organizations, had inquired into the incident and claimed that Azad and Pandey were shot from close range by AP police. Maoist sources had said both were picked up from Nagpur by the AP police, which took them into the jungles of Adilabad and killed them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12307255", "title": "Poddar elected Puta chief", "text": "PATNA: B N College history teacher and Patna University's former students' welfare dean Pramod Kumar Poddar was elected president of Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) on Saturday by defeating PU economics department head Rai Murari in a straight contest. Vanijya Mahavidyalaya teacher S B Lall was elected general secretary of the association.The elections to the seven key offices of Puta were held at Wheeler Senate House in a peaceful and cordial atmosphere. As many as 370 out of 406 teachers exercised their franchise to elect their leaders, said chief returning officer S R Padmadeo.The results of Puta elections, held after a gap of three years, showed that the team led by Poddar virtually swept the polls by winning key posts. The majority of teachers reposed their faith in the \"old guard.\" Poddar defeated his rival Rai Murari by a margin of 98 votes. While Poddar polled 233 votes, Murari bagged 135.S B Lall defeated his rival, Patna Science College geology teacher Anil Kumar by a margin of 36 votes. They secured 202 and 166 votes respectively. Personnel Management and Industrial Relations (PMIR) department head Prabhakar Jha and B N College mathematics teacher Bal Gangadhar Prasad were elected vice-presidents. They polled 163 and 93 votes respectively. B N College teacher Shiv Sagar Prasad was elected treasurer defeating his rival, PMIR department teacher Kameshwar Pandit by a margin of 13 votes. While Prasad bagged 190 votes, Pandit polled 177.Manoj Kumar Sinha of Patna College geography department and Kumari Rupam of Patna Women's College were elected joint secretaries. They secured 205 and 196 votes respectively.Candidates contesting for the executive committee membership from different constituencies were already declared elected unopposed. They are: B K Jamuar, Govind Kumar, Pradeep Kumar and Sharad Prawal (arts faculty), Arvind Kumar and Prahlad Kumar (science faculty), Veena (education), S S Prasad (commerce), Yogendra Kumar Verma (law), M N Sinha, L P Yadav, Rajesh Kumar Singh and Vijay Kumar (B N College), Anita Verma, Archana Katiyar and Surajdeo Singh (Magadh Mahila College), Manoj Kumar Singh and Vijay Kumar (Patna College), P C Vaishakhiyar, S A Ansari and V K Sinha (Patna Science College) and Pushpa Sinha (Patna Women's College). One seat from Patna Women's College remained vacant as no nomination was filed for this seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12299999", "title": "26/11 case: Court says no to Pak grilling", "text": "MUMBAI: A Mumbai metropolitan magistrate's court on Friday rejected a request by the Pakistani judicial commission to cross-examine four witnesses in the 26/11 attacks case. Chief metropolitan magistrate S S Shinde agreed with special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam's contention that the bilateral agreement between India and Pakistan had decided to only allow recording the statements of the witnesses.Defence advocate and former advocate-general of Punjab province, Khawaja Haris Ahmad, counsel for prime accused and Lashkar-e-Taiba founder Zaki ur Rehman Lakhvi, urged that the commission be allowed to cross-examine the four witnesses as they had permission from the anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi. Pakistan's special public prosecutor Chaudhary Azhar supported the demand.Nikam informed the court that the October 2010 agreement between Pakistan and India was that the commission would record the statements of the four witnesses. He submitted a letter dated October 5, 2010, of Pakistan's ministry of foreign affairs which had asked the commission not to cross-examine the witnesses. \"When it has been made abundantly clear that the commission would only record the witness' statements, what is the meaning of making the request now?\" questioned Nikam. The advocate also pointed to provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code which affirms that an agreement between two countries would prevail in matters where a witness is to be examined by a commission in another country.With the court disallowing the request, the commission proceeded to hear the statement of the R V Sawant Waghule, who had recorded Mohammad Ajmal Kasab's confession. \"Kasab was informed that his confession could be used against him,\" the magistrate said. \"But he insisted that he wanted his confession to be a lesson for other terrorists who are planning future attacks,'' she added. Nikam said that Kasab's appeal against his death sentence was being heard in the Supreme Court and cross examining witnesses at this stage would affect those proceedings.The panel will record statements of 26/11 investigation officer Ramesh Mahale and doctors who performed autopsy on the slain terrorists-medical officer (forensic) of JJ Hospital Ganesh Nitukar and Shailesh Mohit of Nair Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300204", "title": "Child drowns in sump near home", "text": "BANGALORE: Puneet, a three-and-a-half year-old LKG student of Sri Vinayaka Play Home, drowned in a sump close to the school in Tavarekere, on the Bangalore-Magadi Road, on Friday evening. Puneet Chandra Shekar was seen lying unconscious in the sump on the premises of a building under construction in Anjananagar, near Tavarekere.Puneet was rushed to a private nursing home, where doctors declared him brought dead. Puneet was the second child of Chandra Shekhar and Manjula, a couple who stay near the school. Chandra Shekhar is a daily wage worker, while Manjula is a helper in the school. \"Manjula returned home around 3.30pm after the UKG kids left. She failed to notice that Puneet was missing.Meanwhile, Puneet went to play near the building on the adjacent site,\" police said. \"He may have slipped into the sump while playing. Construction had been stopped as the school authorities had approached court, saying the land belonged to them. Later, people noticed Puneet inside the sump and rushed him to hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298860", "title": "Nashik's new mayor comes from a family of politicians", "text": "NASHIK: Newly-elected mayor of Nashik, Yatin Wagh, comes from a political dynasty. His grandfather, Yadavrao Wagh, was the city chief when Nashik was a municipal council. Yatin's father Raghunath Wagh, a lawyer, was the deputy city chief of the Nashik Municipal Council. Raghunath was also a member of the education committee for 20 years. His daughter Suman Bagle was elected as the first deputy mayor of the Nashik Municipal Corporation and was elected as a corporator for two consecutive terms.The thirteenth mayor of the Nashik Municipal Corporation, Yatin, also a lawyer, has been elected to the post of mayor from the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). He is the first mayor of the MNS not only in the city but also in the state. Yatin contested the municipal election from the MNS five years back and won it. Born in 1967, he is an alumnus of Pethe High School and BYK College of Commerce, where he completed his junior college. He graduated in law from NBT Law College.Inclined towards social work since his college days, Wagh jumped into the waters of the Godavari during the September 2008 deluge to rescue people.He strongly opposed the proposal of providing mobile phones to every corporator from the NMC's coffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299124", "title": "Greens disappointed with Pranab", "text": "NAGPUR: Conservationists and environmentalists are shocked at the lack of concern shown by union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee towards wildlife, forests and environment, which have great ecological, economic and social value.Noted environmentalist and editor of Sanctuary Asia magazine, Bittu Sahgal, who had great expectations, said, \"I'm disappointed but not surprised. Economists seem bent upon reinforcing their reputation for knowing the price of everything and the value of nothing.\"\"Last year, the FM had shown some concern by allocating Rs 200 crore from the National Clean Energy Fund ( NCEF) under the Green India Mission. But this year, there is no mention of forest and wildlife in his budget speech,\" remarked conservationist Prafulla Bhamburkar.However, climate change expert Prof Nishikant Kale begs to differ. He says Pranab moved a step forward by announcing Rs 200 crore for research to develop plant and seed varieties that yield more and can resist climate change. He said Rs 100 crore has also been allocated for eco-development programme.Kale further said, \"If not much, the allocation for the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) has been slightly increased by 5% from Rs 2,491 crore last year to Rs 2,629 crore this year. The FM has also announced relief for industries in renewable energy sector.\"The climate change expert said Pranab fully exempted hybrid vehicles from basic customs duty. Earlier, such vehicles costing Rs 12.5 lakh outside India used to cost Rs 30 lakh here due to high duty. The national afforestation and eco-development programme too saw an increase from Rs 253 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 342 crore this year. \"We certainly hope to benefit from the above decisions,\" he said.Kaustav Chatterjee, founder of environment protection NGO Green Vigil, said, \"Pranab has tried to encourage solar thermal projects. The FM has fully exempted plant and equipment etc for the initial setting up of such projects from special duty.\" He added concessions have also been given to encourage consumption of energy-saving devices.However, Shrikant Deshpande of Nature Conservation Association (NCA), fighting a PIL in the high court against large-scale felling by NHAI, says Pranab's efforts are too little, considering the importance of forests.\"On one hand the FM talks of solar power plants while on the other he doesn't mind allocating coal mines even in sensitive forest areas. His allocation for environment is poor when compared to highways, which are cutting into our tiger corridors,\" Deshpande said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300721", "title": "Budget 2012: Little on the plate for food subsidy", "text": "In an indication that the government doesn't see the National Food Security Bill rolling out in the current fiscal year, food subsidy was raised by a marginal Rs 2,177 crore for the year 2012-13 from the revised estimate of Rs 72,823 crore in the previous year.The budgeted food subsidy last year was Rs 60,572 crore. While the revised allocation for this year too is expected to rise, the increase of about Rs 15,000 crore from the previous year's budgeted provision suggests that UPA's big ticket scheme is likely to roll out only in 2013-14 though the finance minister assured that he would fully support NFSA even as the government keeps the overall subsidy bill under 2% of GDP.The push to reduce subsidies for kerosene and fertilizers leaves the FM with substantial headroom to increase food subsidy in the coming years with the current subsidy level at roughly 1.6% of GDP.With the National Food Security Bill's contours still pretty much an issue of fervent debate suggesting an additional subsidy burden of anything between Rs 20,000-45,000 crore, depending on the number of beneficiaries, the finance minister has created the mood for taxing the industry to feed the UPA's pet scheme.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300300", "title": "Metro smiles at Budget windfall", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has been generous to the Delhi Metro network this time. Against Rs 580 crore given last year, it announced a substantially larger allocation of Rs 2,216.7 crore in Friday's budget. This includes not only Rs 100 crore for the extension of the Faridabad line but also Rs 1,112.6 crore for the Metro's third phase expansion. Delhi Metro had asked for only Rs 1,111.4 crore.A senior Delhi Metro official said, \"The allocation is more than sufficient to start work on Phase III. There are no major liabilities this year as the tenders will be finalized. The fund allocation will enable us to plan other aspects, including purchasing trains etc.\"For Phase III, Rs 1,112.6 crore is the Centre's equity that will be matched by the state government. The ratio of funding for Phase III is 21.27% each from the Centre and the Delhi government, with the rest to be met largely by a loan from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), along with property development, funds from the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) and other avenues. The total cost for the third phase network is approximately Rs 35,242 crore. \"Considering that it's the start of a project, it is a substantial allocation,\" said the officer.In his budget speech, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announced that Rs 1,112.6 crore is the Centre's equity, while Rs 749.12 crore is a pass-through assistance.Delhi Metro has begun construction of its Phase-III project that will add another 103km route length to the Metro map. Tenders for several of the packets that the overall project is broken into have been already awarded for the extension of the Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate corridor as well as the Mukundpur to Yamuna Vihar, and Janakpuri (west) to Kalindi Kunj lines. Work has also started on some of these packets, especially near Jantar Mantar as well as on the Faridabad line.The corridors in Phase III will cover outer Delhi areas such as Bawana, along with neglected pockets such as Jamia Nagar, besides Faridabad and Noida. The project has already got approval from the group of ministers and %only awaits the green light from the National Monument Authority.Full Coverage on budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300136", "title": "Builders in RS fray queer the pitch for parties", "text": "MUMBAI: Pune developer Sanjay Kakde on Friday thwarted the NCP's dream of a smooth ride in the forthcoming Rajya Sabha polls by jumping into the fray.Kakde is a resident of Baramati, which happens to be NCP president Sharad Pawar's hometown. He filed his nomination papers for the elections on Friday. He has declared assets worth Rs 253 crore and liabilities to the extent of Rs 147 crore in his affidavit.The Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena and the BJP were expecting that the elections to six Rajya Sabha seats from Maharashtra would be unanimous, but Kakde's entry has shocked them.Congress members Vilasrao Deshmukh and Rajiv Shukla, NCP's Govindrao Adik and Ranjeetsinh Mohite Patil, BJP's Bal Apte and Sena's Manohar Joshi will retire this month.Based on their strength in the assembly, the Congress is likely to secure two seats, BJP, Shiv Sena and NCP one each.If the NCP fields a second candidate, then it will have to mobilize the support of 22 additional votes. In the house of 288, NCP has 62 members, Shiv Sena 45, Congress 82, MNS 12, BJP 47. If the quota for election is fixed at 40, then the NCP will have garner the support of additional 22 votes for the second seat.\"With Kakde's entry it will be difficult for us to mobilize extra 22 votes,\" a senior NCP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12301310", "title": "Sparks fly on byelection eve", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: Violence marred the run-up to the byelections in Sankarankoil assembly constituency as the high-voltage campaign came to a close on Friday.At least three incidents of clashes between political party cadres were reported on the day the general budget was presented in Parliament. The DMK's Union ministers did not attend the budget session as they were electioneering here.DMK MP Helen Davidson was injured in a clash between DMK and AIADMK cadres at Thiru Vi Ka Nagar here. The incident sparked tension between the party cadres, but police said the situation was under control. The day also saw political parties accusing the ruling AIADMK of distributing cash to voters. A case was registered against MDMK leader Vaiko's brother Ravichandran for allegedly assaulting a group of AIADMK men for bribing voters.Police said Davidson and some partymen were canvassing when they received an information that AIADMK men were bribing people in the locality . They rushed to the spot and picked an argument with agroup of AIADMK men. The argument turned violent and Davidson, who was caught in the scuffle, sustained an injury . She was undergoing treatment at the government hospital here.At Kalingapatti, the native place of MDMK leader Vaiko, the villagers nabbed nine men, who were distributing cash to voters allegedly on behalf of the AIADMK. They were beaten up by the villagers and a car was damaged. Police have registered cases against 120 villagers, including Vaiko's brother Sippiparai Ravichandran.\"Though there were complaints of poll code violation this is the first time violence is being reported from Sankarankoil ,\" said a police officer. Six companies of Central Armed Police Force were deputed here ahead of the voting on Sunday.Actor Vijayakanth, who wound up his campaign with a public meeting in Sankarankoil town, alleged that cadres of the ruling party were bribing the voters across the constituency .Citing large-scale bribing of the voters, MDMK chief Vaiko on Friday urged the Election Commission to postpone the bypoll. The party has fielded T Sadhan Thirumalaikumar as its candidate.(With inputs from Julie Mariappan )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12304871", "title": "Budget 2012-13 has taken reality of India's situation: Swraj Paul", "text": "LONDON: Leading NRI industrialist Lord Swraj Paul has said that the Union Budget for 2012-13 has taken the reality of India's situation.Reacting to the Budget, Caparo Group chairman Swraj Paul said: \"The budget has taken the reality of India's situation. There are too many problems that exist which need to be dealt with to make the economy better.\"I hope the government gets the grip on the problem and start paying attention to it. India has a great future if we can get our house in order.\"He described the Budget as \"a very good budget\".\"It is a very good budget. Congratulations to the finance minister.\"Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in the Budget presented yesterday hiked excise duty and service tax by 2 per cent across-the-board to raise Rs 45,940 crore and offered marginal relief to individuals in income tax.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299968", "title": "LCDs get a sharper picture, fridges in the deep freezer", "text": "Consumer durable industry is in a quandary. Growth is either flat or negative in some segments. And here comes a budget which will hike prices by 3%-4% for excise duties have been hiked across the board. Above all, the cost scenario looks anything but rosy.On a refrigerator costing, say Rs 10,000, a consumer would have to pay Rs 300-Rs 400 more. While on an air-conditioner priced at the same level, the consumer could end up paying Rs 500 more.Soon Kwon, MD, LG India, said, \"While the raise in income tax exemption should provide some increase in disposable income for consumers, it will be offset by the hike in central excise duty from 10% to 12%. The custom duty exemption on LCD/LED panel and part of memory card of mobile phones is a welcome step, though it will only partly affect our costs.\"The last quarter of 2011 was not favourable for the Rs 35,000-crore consumer durables industry due to factors like inflation, petroleum prices and depreciation of rupee against the US dollar. The industry was forced to increase the prices ranging between 5% and 10%. The increase of excise duty and service tax from 10%-12 % will straight away affect the end consumer, right from lower middle class to upper class of the society.Manish Sharma, MD-consumer division, Panasonic India, said, \"For LCD &amp; LED TVs, Panasonic is still quantifying the impact of increase in excise duty and the decrease in import duty on LCD panel to zero.\"George Menezes, COO, Godrej Appliances, said the proposal will have a dampening effect on sentiments, thus impacting market performances. \"This year, the growth in refrigerators was flat, while that in air-conditioners was a negative 20%. We are passing down the cost increase to consumers. There is no way we can absorb this excise hike,\" said Menezes. The last time around the industry took a price hike in the range of 4%-15% was 3-4 months back.\"It's not a good sign as the market was not doing well at all,\" said Nilesh Gupta, managing partner, Vijay Sales.Anirudh Dhoot, director, Videocon Group said majority of the products are still being manufactured in India, making it challenging for the players to register growth.The one silver lining in the budget for consumers was the announcement of exemption of basic customs duty on mobile phone parts. This could help boost local manufacturing of mobile handset makers and prices may come down for made in India handsets.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12299859", "title": "Eyebrows raised as Parrikar gives PWD, transport to Sudin", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar who began his innings last week by talking about zero tolerance on corruption, had to face much embarrassment late Friday night as he gave the plum PWD portfolio to Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar of the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP), the pre-poll and post-poll partner.Parrikar allotted portfolios a week after his six-member council of ministers was sworn-in on March 9.Apart from managing to get the coveted PWD portfolio, Dhavalikar has also retained the transport and river navigation portfolios he held in the Digambar Kamat-led government.Sources said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) brass had tried to convince the chief minister not to allot the PWD portfolio to Dhavalikar as the party had bitterly criticized him when he was the PWD minister in Pratapsingh Rane-led alliance government, from 2005 to 2007. Parrikar, as opposition leader, had levelled serious charges against Dhavalikar for corruption in the PWD.Besides, Parrikar had also tried to expose the Marcaim MLA for alleged corruption in construction of ferry boats, when he was the minister for river navigation. Parrikar had also alleged a scam on the issue of high security registration plates (HSRP) for vehicles when Dhavalikar was the transport minister. Now, now both the portfolios of transport and river navigation have been allotted to Dhavalikar.Sources in the MGP said that Parrikar had promised Dhavalikar that he would given the PWD portfolio for his party's support if the BJP-MGP alliance came to power.Political analysts say that the chief minister will benefit from this decision. Keeping Dhavalikar brothers happy seems to be the strategy of the chief minister for stability of the government, the analysts pointed out.The allocation of portfolios to other ministers is more or less on expected lines.The other four ministers, all from the BJP, who were allotted portfolios are Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza (urban development, revenue and craftsmen training), Laxmikant Parsekar (health, panchayati raj and RDA), Matanhy Saldanha (tourism, forests and environment) and Dayanand Mandrekar (water resources, civil supplies and consumer affairs).Briefing the media at the secretariat in Porvorim, Parrikar said that the remaining portfolios will be allotted either in the first or second week of April. The chief minister has also taken over the post of the chairman of Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) as he wants to initiate a number of developmental works soon.Reiterating that his government will have a \"compassionate attitude\" towards all citizens, Parrikar announced that he has directed that salaries of the computer teachers be paid till December 2011 on the presumption that they worked regularly till then. He lamented that the computer teachers were not paid their salaries for the last 11 months but clarified that once their attendance and records were cleared, all remaining dues would also be paid.While stating that he has not yet received a copy of the Shah Commission report on the mining issue, Parrikar, however, ruled out accepting a recommendation made in the report that iron ore exports should be banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12298956", "title": "Live-in fallout of materialistic western culture: RSS", "text": "NAGPUR: The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) has made it clear that it could never approve of the recent vogue of live-in-relationships. Reacting to events organized in Nagpur and Gujarat by lonely senior citizens to find live-in partners, RSS joint general secretary Dattatreya Hosabale said that it was a fallout of materialistic western culture and such an act cannot be encouraged.Hosabale was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the three-day Akhil Bharatiya Pratinidhi Sabha which began here on Friday. The remark coming from him became all the more important as he is being billed to succeed Mohan Bhagwat as next 'sarsanghachalak' (RSS chief) few years down the line. Hosabale said over the last one year the RSS has conducted camps to spread the message about importance of strengthening the institution of family.\"In Indian culture, family is very important. How to keep it intact has been the focus. The tradition of three-generations in a family living together and elders getting due respect is what we espouse,\" he said. Nanaji Deshmukh at Chitrakoot and Sadhvi Rithambara at Bindavan and Mathura set up projects showing how senior citizens could channelize their energies through social work, he said.He said the Sabha will discuss in detail the growing conflicts on water-sharing in different parts of the country and community rights to natural resource. \"We are adopting a resolution in the meeting in this regard,\" he said. The RSS is also raising its voice against illegal mining and excess exploitation of natural resources in the country. \"Our workers have raised the illegal mining issue in Karnataka and other parts of the country,\" he said and asserted that it would continue the movement.Another interesting project taken up by the RSS was promoting 'no-TV day.' \"We have undertaken no-TV day initiative where TV viewing is shunned and people meet each other, visit places of historical or religious importance and within families talk to each other in mother-tongues.\"Elaborating on RSS plans to expand to newer areas, Hosbale said the RSS chief had addressed many Sangh conclaves over the past year in North East and even in Nagarcoil in south Tamil Nadu. In Arunachal Pradesh, Mohan Bhagwat addressed 300 swayamsevaks for three days. Similarly, at Nagarcoil, 17,000 swayamsevaks attended a programme. \"We will also discuss future expansion of the work in the Sabha,\" Hosabale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300942", "title": "Budget 2012: Bad news with the Bard\u2019s line", "text": "NEW DELHI: For once, Rabindranath Tagore, the staple, rent-a-quote poet for finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was missing. In keeping with the mood, Mukherjee fell back on Shakespeare's much-lamented Prince of Denmark.Suggesting he would be hard on the taxpayer, Pranabda quoted Hamlet, \"I have to be cruel only to be kind.\" MPs would probably have had a very different reaction if they knew what came after - \"Thus bad begins and worse remains behind.\" The sense of dispiritedness was hard to miss on Friday. Usually, Budget days have a festive feel. However, this time around, it had a strong sense of \"let's get this over with\" feeling.Trinamool MP Derek O'Brien was much sought after. The quizmaster-turned-politician read his boss Mamata Banerjee's mind the best these days since he was the first to announce the collapse of Dinesh Trivedi after the Rail Budget on Twitter. Derek was among the most conscientious in the visitors' gallery, taking copious notes from Pranabda's speech. His verdict: a pithy \"tolerable\" on Twitter.That Didi was on the back of everybody's minds was clear when the audio failed and Pranabda had to re-read part of his speech. \"Rollback, Dada, rollback,\" they shouted, as everyone burst into peals of laughter.Later, the PM stepped out and said: \"When the time comes, we have to bite the bullet on controlling subsidies.\" In Gabbar Singh's immortal words, \"Ab goli kha\".Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300899", "title": "Mumbai\u2019s power rates set to dip", "text": "MUMBAI: Power consumers in the city, who pay the highest electricity rates in the country, can expect cheaper bills in the coming years. The main reason is that customs duty and countervailing tax on coal imports have been removed.About 80% of the cost of power generation is determined by coal prices. While private power plants import almost their entire coal stock, government-run plants import more than 15% of their requirement. \"This is a much-needed relief as variation in fuel prices, mainly of coal, has been leading to power tariff hikes at anytime of the year. The tax and duty cuts on coal will surely benefit consumers immediately. I hope for lower tariffs,\" said power expert Ashok Pendse.Industry sources said the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) would hear petitions by BEST, the State Electricity Distribution Company and Tata Power on tariffs ahead of the new financial year. Thus, tariff changes are likely to be made soon, impacting around two crore power consumers across the state, including Mumbai.The Union Budget has also waived import duty on mining equipment, which will help domestic coal companies to cut costs, further reducing the cost of power generation.Also, Mumbaikars on their own can reduce power bills by replacing compact fluorescent lamps (CFLs) with light emitting diode.(LED) lamps, which have been made cheaper. \"The reduction of excise duty on LED lamps, solar panels and liquefied natural gas (LNG), and the slashing of customs duty and countervailing tax on LCD and LED TV panels will finally bring some light at the end of the tunnel,\" said power expert D Radhakrishnan.However, power tariffs for around 10 lakh consumers in the island city are set to go up by around 35 paise per unit in the short term. MERC on Friday gave approval to BEST for recovering a two-year revenue gap of Rs 443.58 crore.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299315", "title": "Budget 2012: Savings account in your interest", "text": "Now, there's a reason to laugh all the way to the bank. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has made interest income up to Rs 10,000 from a savings bank account exempt from tax.Mukherjee said small taxpayers with income up to Rs 5 lakh and interest from savings account up to Rs 10,000 would not even be required to file returns. However, the benefit can be taken by any individual irrespective of their tax limit.To earn an interest income of Rs 10,000, one will have to invest Rs 1,42,857 at 7% interest rate. As the RBI has freed the cap on interest that can be offered on savings account, banks are offering a higher rate, some as high as 7%. Now that this income is tax free, it offers an attractive return comparable to and sometimes even better than a fixed deposit. Normally, a bank would offer around 9% interest on FD. But if one is in the highest tax bracket, the net income from the fixed deposits post tax will be 6.30%. But if a person's income is in the 20% slab, the net income post tax will be 7.2%. It will be 8.1% in the 10% tax bracket. Therefore, the person in the highest tax bracket will be better off if he keeps his money in a savings account.The exemption will be available to deposits with a co-operative society, including a co-op land mortgage bank, a co-op land development bank, and a post office.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300001", "title": "Budget 2012: Gold fingered, by customs", "text": "The glitter of gold just got fainter. The finance minister on Friday doubled import duty on standard gold from 2 to 4% and for non-standard gold from five to 10%. This is the second increase in customs duty on gold since the start of this year. Earlier in January, the government had increased duty from 1% to 2%.Branded gold jewellery makers say the move will trigger an increase in prices in the range of 2.5% - 4% from early next month.More still, a new tax on cash purchase of bullion or jewellery above Rs 2 lakh has been introduced to curb black money transactions.\"One of the primary drivers of the current account deficit has been the growth of almost 50% in imports of gold and other precious metals in the first three quarters of this year,\" Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said.World's top gold importer, India imported 969 tonnes in 2011 - over half of this driven by jewellery. \"The doubling of import duty will bring down imports by over 30% and lead to imports through illegal channels,\" feared Prithivraj Kothari, president Mumbai Bullion Association. Gold traders across the country are likely to protest the decision, says Deepak Choksi, Gujarat regional chairman of All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.The move is also likely to impact demand and turn investors away from gold to other instruments, say experts. Gold prices saw a rally in financial year 2011-12 due to global cues and inconsistent equity markets.\"FM's biggest challenge was fiscal consolidation. The duty hike on gold in a longer run may help in appreciation of rupee though it will hit physical imports. With mounting crude price pressure the government was bound to make such a move,\" said Naveen Mathur of Angel Broking.The duty hike will also impact jewellery exports from India.A substantial portion of diamond-studded jewellery is made out of gold, platinum and silver. Gold jewellery prices have already increased by 3% on an average since January this year. But with gold prices mostly influenced by international rates and low manufacturing rates in India, branded jewellery retailers expect a minimal impact of the increase on consumption levels.\"There will of course be a direct translation of increase in customs duty into price hikes around 3%. However, we will not be hugely affected. With a 1% excise duty imposed on unbranded jewellery, this will give a level playing field to the branded and unbranded segments,\" said Vijay Jain, CEO Orra.Sanjay Kothari, vice-chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) said, \"Diamond jewellery always goes with gold. Like US, China, Japan and other foreign countries, India is fast emerging as the diamond jewellery consumer market. But, the duty hike would undermine the growth of the diamond-studded jewellery segment.\"Mehul Choksi, chairman and managing director, Gitanjali Gems Ltd said, \"The levy of excise and customs duty on gold and gold jewellery-both branded and non-branded-will impact the jewellery consumers. Again, custom duty increase on gold bars and refined gold will impact the investment in gold, for which our country is famous the world over.\"Branded silver jewellery has been fully exempted from excise duty. Non-branded gold jewellery is also brought under the 1% excise duty announced for branded gold jewellery last year.The finance minister has proposed a 2% import duty on coloured gems stones-on the lines of cut and polished diamonds-to curb round-tripping, or illegal repeated exports and imports of gems.\"It is good for the overall health of the $28 billion Indian diamond industry. But coloured gems stones import in the country is very negligible and it will not have much impact on the industry,\" said GJEPC officials.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298902", "title": "Budget 2012 is neither disappointing nor enthusiastic, say Nashik residents", "text": "NASHIK: The Union budget for the financial year 2012-13 presented by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday has evoked mixed reactions from industries in Nashik.\"From the point of view of the industrial sector, the budget is neither disappointing nor enthusiastic. The decisions to introduce a goods and services tax (GST) with effect from August 2012 and implement the direct tax code (DTC) from next year are welcome. The 2% rise in service tax and excise duty was already expected. The provision of funds amounting to Rs 5,000 core especially for small industries is really laudable. Giving priority to private investment, provision of raising funds through tax-free bonds for infrastructure projects and approval for foreign loans for affordable housing will definitely give a boost to the industry sector,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA).\"The exemption in custom duty for CNG and LNG in the power generation sector will definitely give a boost to power generation. Besides, Rs 10,000-crore tax-free bonds for power generation will also give a boost to the power sector. The common and single-page form for both service tax and excise duty is a good initiative. The exclusion of public transport and government services from service tax is laudable,\" Bele said.Dnyaneshwar Gopale, president of the Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"The finance minister has announced the implementation of the GST with effect from August 2012. Announcing GST is good but it should be implemented by the deadline the government has set. The government has increased both service tax and excise duty by 2%. It wants to promote the tourism industry, but a rise in service tax will make hotels and allied services, a major arm of the tourism industry, costlier. Vehicles will also cost more due to the rise in excise duty. Income tax exemption for individuals was expected to be up to Rs 3 lakh, but the government has failed to fulfill the public's expectations as the exemption limit for individuals has been increased by Rs 20,000 to Rs 2 lakh, against the earlier Rs 1.80 lakh. The finance minister has failed to fulfill the expectations of the people.\"The budget has also led to some good changes. The government has announced the construction of highways with a total length of 8,800 km. Besides, giving 1% interest subvention for houses costing up to Rs 25 lakh will definitely come as a relief for buyers at a time when property prices have shot up. The government has taken a good decision in bringing into effect the direct tax code (DTC). Loans up to Rs 3 lakh at 7% interest will be good for self-help groups and will empower women, said Gopale.\"The finance minister has tried to boost affordable housing by giving 1% interest subvention for houses costing up to Rs 25 lakh. It has also allowed foreign loans for affordable housing, which is laudable. But while promoting affordable housing, the minister has brought in a 2% rise in both service tax and excise duty. The prices of cement, steel and tiles will increase due to the rise in excise duty, while transportation and other services that come under service tax will cost more. This will drive the cost of houses up,\" said Sunil Bhaybhang, president, Nashik chapter, Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai).\"The government has announced 3% rebate in interest on loans for farmers repaying their loans on time. A builder who takes a loan against property and repays on time has to pay pre-payment charges. The government also has to give such concessions to builders. In short, it is a mixed budget and there is nothing that will boost the housing sector,\" Bhaybhang said.\"Under the existing circumstances, the budget proposals have a balanced approach to industry and the common man, with particular focus on spending more on infrastructure, which is a welcome step for all manufacturing units. The proposal to increase service tax and excise duty marginally is needed to improve the fiscal deficit. The disappointing part is that there is no specific deadline for introducing the direct tax code and implementation of GST,\" said Kesava Venkatesan, chairman, CII, Nashik zonal council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new sarabha nagar/model house", "code": "12299937", "title": "Dearer air fare, eating-out lets them down", "text": "NEW SARABHA NAGAR/MODEL HOUSE: If hike in air fare has grounded the travel plans of Guptas of New Sarabha Nagar, dearer eating-out has left a bad taste in the mouth of Bijans of Model House.After the Union budget-2012 was presented, Guptas are mulling to change their summer vacation plans. Like Guptas, there are many other families that plan to change their itinerary. Anoop Gupta, a businessman, said they were considering to fly to Kerala in the summer vacations, but hike in air travel has disheartened them. Every year, my family, especially children, waits for summer holidays. When my children came to know about the increase, they were a bit disappointed. But I have assured them that we would definitely go for a holiday, though to a near-by place, he added.As the government has also increased the railway fares, a train trip, too, would not be a cheaper option. Travelling would now burn a hole in the common mans pocket, he said.As the government has increased railway fare, travelling would no longer remain as easy on the pockets. Talking about how the Budget had done nothing to help their travel plans, businessman Anoop Guptas wife Anjana said, The increase has disappointed us... we will now go to some other place.Anoops son, Suyash, said, The Union government should formulate public welfare policies, so that the common man could enjoy his life here. I was very excited about our Kerala trip, but now we will have to spend our holidays at a near-by place.And Bijans are unhappy with hike in service tax which will make eating-out, among others, costly. Jaswinder Singh Bijan, a businessman, said, What was the need to increase the tax. Inflation is already burning a hole in our pockets and now this announcement. Earlier, we used to dine out twice a week, but now, we will go just once a week... we have to spend according to our budget.His wife, Taranjeet Kaur, said, The service tax rise has affected our budget for recreational activities.His son, Angad Singh, said, I loved eating out with my family and friends , but now, I will check it.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298810", "title": "Nashik to host medical conference", "text": "NASHIK: The two-day regional conference of the Maharashtra Orthopaedic Association ( MOARCON - 12) begins on Saturday at Hotel Express Inn near Pandav Leni on the Mumbai Agra highway.Informing more in this regard secretary of the association, Dr Rajendra Bhandari said that as many as 300 orthopaedics from across Nashik, Dhule, Ahmednagar, Aurangabad, Malegaon, and Sangamner Sangamner and neighbouring towns other parts of the state are expected at the event.As many as 15 research papers will be would be presented at the conference at the medical conference. Orthopaedic Dr Alex Musset from Italy wouldThe event will be inaugurated at 11am on Saturday in the presence of Dr Arun Jamkar, who would grace the occasion as the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12298987", "title": "Four fleeing trucks found, drivers booked", "text": "GONDIA: Four trucks which had fled from Deori check-post without paying fine for overloading on March 10 were traced five days later. Of late it has been observed that many trucks from Chhattisgarh and other eastern states evaded entry tax at Deori check-post. These trucks were generally overloaded and in connivance with some police officers they used to evade the check-post.On March 10 midnight in a joint operation of trucks owners association, RTO and police, Deori Police found four overloaded trucks which were trying to evade entry tax and penalty for overloading. President of truck owners association Pramod Sangidwar of Deori and check-post officers Puran and Shende were involved in the operation.After a chase these trucks were caught and taken to the check-post. One truck owner paid the fine and was released. After two days three truck drivers fled with their vehicles from the check-post as the guards dropped their guard.But after hectic efforts the three trucks were traced and brought back to Deori. An offence has been registered against them at local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300902", "title": "Govt dials auction to raise Rs 58k crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: A cash-strapped government is once again looking to tap the telecom sector to raise over Rs 58,000 crore through auction of spectrum, including those vacated by 122 telecom licence holders who were ordered to surrender permits and airwaves by the Supreme Court.The realization from the 122 licences alone is budgeted at around Rs 40,000 crore, finance secretary R S Gujral said. Last year, government raised over Rs 1 lakh crore by auctioning spectrum for 3G and broadband wireless services, and managed to show healthy finances. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had hoped for a repeat act in 2011-12 but had to contend with zero realization from spectrum this year. He is now hoping 'Goddess Luck' will smile on him during the next fiscal.The decision to auction comes despite government filing a review petition contesting Supreme Court's jurisdiction in delivering the 2G verdict. In addition, a presidential reference is proposed to be made to check the validity of licences issued before the A Raja era where the first-come first-served policy was used.The higher burden of companies such as Telenor and Sistema which are planning to rebid will come with heftier bills for cellphone users who should brace to pay more on account of a 2% increase in service tax. According to Deloitte , the tax hike will result in an additional cost of Rs 2,500 crore to telecom consumers.\"This will have an impact on consumers and industry at large... If operators don't pass through the entire tax hike, we will have to tinker with our tariff structure,\" said Idea Cellular MD Himanshu Kapania. Levies seem to unite even a divided industry like telecom. \"From a global perspective, the telecom industry in India continues to attract the highest tax rate of 23%. It would have been good, if this could have been rationalized ,\" said Vsevolod Rozanov, president &amp; CEO of MTS India.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304624", "title": "Salman grooves to the music of Bittoo Boss!", "text": "Salman Khan is in love with the music of Bittoo BossSalman Khan was the special guest at the music launch of Bittoo Boss. The actor not only raved about lead actor Pulkit Samrat but also the music of the film.\"On hearing the music Salman complimented the music composer Raghav Sachar immensely on doing a commendable job. He loved the songs so much that he asked Raghav on stage if he could compose such songs for his films as well! Raghav graciously said he would love to do so anytime for Salman Khan\" said our source.Salman's favourite song was 'Bittu sabki lega'!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12302831", "title": "FTC probing Google's breach of Safari", "text": "WASHINGTON: Google Inc's breach of Apple Inc's Safari internet browser is under investigation by US regulators to determine whether it caused consumers to be misled about privacy safeguards, a person familiar with the matter said.The Federal Trade Commission is examining whether Mountain View, California-based Google effectively deceived consumers by planting so-called cookies on Safari, bypassing Apple software's privacy settings, said the person, who lacked authorization to speak publicly on the matter and declined to be identified.The cookies allowed Google to aim targeted advertising at Safari users. The FTC is charged with protecting consumers against \"unfair and deceptive\" practices under the law that created the agency.The FTC also is looking at whether Google violated a consent decree with the commission signed last year, the person said.That settlement was reached after Google agreed it used deceptive tactics and violated its own privacy policies in introducing the Buzz social-networking service in 2010. The 20- year settlement bars Google from misrepresenting how it handles user information and requires the company to follow policies that protect consumer data in new products.Ready to cooperate \"We will of course cooperate with any officials who have questions,\" said Chris Gaither , a spokesman for Google, which has acknowledged it ended up placing the advertising cookies on Safari after opening a connection to give signed-in users access to a Google function. \"But it's important to remember that we didn't anticipate this would happen.\"Google has been removing the files since discovering the slip, Gaither said in an e-mailed statement. The Wall Street Journal reported earlier that Google is being investigated by US and European Union regulators for using Safari users' information and bypassing the Apple software's privacy settings.European regulators are already reviewing Google's new privacy policy, which was introduced March 1 to streamline privacy settings for about 60 different services and products.France's data-protection agency, the National Commission for Computing and Civil Liberties, or CNIL, is preparing a list of questions to send to Google next week, a spokeswoman for the agency said today. She declined to comment on whether the questionnaire would cover the Safari cookies, and declined to be cited by name, citing CNIL policy. CNIL also acts on behalf of other European regulators.Google has defied two requests by CNIL to suspend changes to its privacy policy while the agency determines whether those changes comply with European privacy standards.European regulators \"are very concerned, because they are persuaded that these new rules are not at all compliant with the existing European laws,\" European Union Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding said March 1, when Google's privacy changes took effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299011", "title": "Two murders rock city", "text": "NAGPUR: An argument, followed by a brawl among friends over a trivial issue led to the murder of Ashish Nagrale (35), father of two children. A resident of Trimurti Nagar, Nagrale was stabbed to death by his friends near state transport bus stand at Ganeshpeth on Thursday night.Nagrale and three friends had gone to have dinner. While coming out of the restaurant, the friends had an argument over some trivial money matters that led to a fight between them. Minutes later, Nagrale was stabbed by his friends, who fled the spot, leaving Nagrale struggling for life in a pool of blood.He died about an hour later while undergoing treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). The murderers are still absconding.In another incident, 30-year-old Mithun Raut, who was set ablaze by three people, including a woman, succumbed to his burn injuries after 21 days of treatment at GMCH. Raut, a welder, had been set afire near his Bagadganj residence after he failed to pay back Rs 1,500 on February 21.Though engulfed in flames, Raut had run more than 100 metres to his house to save himself. He succumbed to the 40% burn injuries he had suffered early on Friday morning. Nandanwan police have arrested the murderers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12301141", "title": "Acute joint problem? Forget replacement, grow your own now", "text": "LONDON: Suffering from chronic joint problem but afraid of a replacement surgery ? Fret not, as scientists claim to have developed an implant that allows patients to 'grow their own' joints.The implant, designed to help replace small joints in the hands and feet, is made from a sugar-based material which encourages the patient's own tough fibrous tissues to form a new kind of joint, providing a cushioning barrier between the bones , the researchers said.When the new joint has formed, the implant slowly breaks down and is carried away in the blood stream - making it the world's first biodegradable joint implant, they said.Trial results from 270 patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis showed that those who had gone through the new treatment had significantly less pain than those with conventional joint replacements.After 12 months, their score on a pain rating scale had dropped from 70 to 15; in the comparison group, the score dropped from 70 to 40, the Daily Mail reported.The new joint, made by Finnish researchers, is a soft porous material with a consistency similar to that of sponge. The circular disclike device, which comes in various sizes up to 18mm in diameter and 4.5mm thick, is made from polylactide, a material manufactured from corn starch or cane sugar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304711", "title": "Mollywood gears up for Vishu releases", "text": "Mollywood's superstar-flicks are once again preparing to go all guns during this festive season of Vishu (mid-April). With top actors Mammootty, Prithviraj, Dileep and Suresh Gopi each having at least one release, it will undoubtedly be a busy time at the theatres with each flick vying for the bigger initial opening.Kicking off the season, on March 29, is The King and The Commissioner. This rather delayed film was supposed to be released last year, in time for Onam!Johny Antony's Masters, which will hit the theatres a day later, will see Prithviraj and Kollywood actors Sasikumar and Samudrakani onscreen. This film too, is expected to rake in the moolah as, in addition to Prithviraj's star value, the rest of the cast too has a cult following in Kerala. Dileep's Mayamohini, in which he plays the role of a woman, has also generated a lot of buzz. The film will be released in 70 theatres throughout Kerala on April 9.With the three big releases already on schedule, it looks like Mammootty and Lal's Cobra might not hit the screen till after Vishu. \"However, this depends on how The King and Commissioner does at the box office. If the film turns out to be a dud, the makers may try to release Cobra earlier to help rake in money during the festive season,\" says a theatre exhibitor.Incidentally, the only star missing out on a festive release will be Mohanlal, whose Grandmaster was supposed to open in 90 theatres on April 5. \"With it being the debut venture for a production giant, they might want to play it safe rather than squeeze it in between these heavy films,\" says a senior producer, on condition of anonymity.Kunchacko Boban's Ordinary has already hit the theatres, probably for the same reason. Sreenivasan-Indrajith's Outsider is another flick that will release during the first week of April. It now remains to be seen which flick will take the bigger chunk of the pie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298770", "title": "YCMOU to hold 18th convocation", "text": "NASHIK: The 18th convocation ceremony of the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) is scheduled to be held on Saturday at the university campus in the presence of Prof A M Pathan, vice-chancellor of Karnataka Central University, Gulbarga. YCMOU vice-chancellor, R Krishnakumar, will preside over the convocation.According to a YCMOU spokesperson, 73,436 students will be conferred degrees and diplomas on the occasion. These students include 48,464 graduates, 3,491 post-graduates and 21,438 dilpoma course students.Gold medals will be presented to 23 students for their outstanding performance in the 2010-11 exams. The convocation ceremony would be aired online on http://ycmou.digitaluniversity.ac.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303982", "title": "Anindya Bikas Datta to go real", "text": "He's holding up a mirror to society through his telefilm, \" Victim\". Anindya Bikas Datta has shot it in the backdrop of Jhargram.The story revolves around a mother and her two sons. While the elder son - a sprightly young footballer - goes missing, fingers are pointed at the Maoists.\"When someone goes missing in that belt, Maoists put the blame on the police and vice versa. Those with a personal agenda can cash in on this situation. That's what we've tried to show,\" says the director.The mother now encourages her younger son, to be played by Ritwick Chakraborty, to find the truth.The unit has wrapped up the first leg of shoot here and will head to Jhargram on March 29.The director will be using footage of real victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12307289", "title": "Panchayat officer held in bribery case", "text": "INDORE: An officer of Ranapur panchayat has been arrested while allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 2,500, Lokayukta police said today.Assistant Development and Extension officer Biharilal Mandole was arrested, as he sought a bribe of Rs 5,000 to release an instalment of funds under the Indira Awas Yojana to one Munna Hathila of Jhabua.However, the Lokayukta police caught him red-handed after laying a trap, an official release said here. He has been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12299513", "title": "Police nab Godhra carnage convict", "text": "VADODARA: Bilal Abdullah Badam, convicted in the Sabarmati Express carnage case of 2002, and who had jumped parole in December, was nabbed from Godhra on Thursday night.Bilal and his brother Shaukat Abdullah Badam were granted parole because of pressing problems at home, but jumped it even as Shaukat was nabbed by Ahmedabad police earlier.According to Godhra local crime branch police inspector V K Khant, Shaukat was granted parole for his daughter's marriage and had left Vadodara central jail on December 13. Bilal, on the other hand, was given parole when his mother fell ill and had been released on December 8. Bilal was also granted an extension in parole and was supposed to return to prison on December 26.It eventually transpired that both had done the disappearing act and were not found at their home when police went looking for them.Shaukat was nabbed on February 21 by Ahmedabad police but Bilal was still on the run.Shaukat and Bilal are amongst four Badam brothers who were awarded life term in the case. The other two brothers happen to be Siddik alias Matunga Abdullah Badam and Mohammed Hanif alias Hani Abdullah Badam.Khant said Bilal was traced in an open plot at Vachla Odha locality in Godhra. \"An informer tipped us about his whereabouts and he was nabbed by a team,\" he said, adding that Bilal had told police that he had to stay back to arrange money for his mother's treatment and thus jumped the parole. Bilal was sent to Vadodara central jail after he was nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12300355", "title": "Info technology, energy sectors left high and dry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Cynicism was palpable in the words of most business leaders and experts who had assembled at the budget analysis session organized here on Friday by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII).The bullish mood in the air at the beginning of the presentation of the Union Budget had turned bearish by the time the finance minister concluded his budget speech.\"Except for the Rs 100 crore allocation for the Kerala Agricultural University, there is nothing to cheer for the state. Not even the one per cent interest subsidy announced for home loans up to Rs 15 lakh will be beneficial to people of this state where land value is skyrocketing. Unless the government is able to acquire large holdings of land for low cost housing, we will not benefit from the scheme,\" S Raghuchandran Nair, managing director, SI Property said. There was no mention of any major infrastructure projects in the state, he added.No PSUs: Not just the absence of infrastructure projects, industry experts were also disappointed about there being no mention of any PSUs in the state.\"The budget is just an average exercise. No allocation has been made for any PSUs. The only thing we might be able to tap is the Rs 500-crore geo-textile project announced for north-eastern states, as we could end up as one of the producers,\" said Keltron chairman G C Gopala Pillai, who was also a former chairman of Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore Limited (FACT).No bright side on IT front either: \"The budget is just an average one. The IT industry is one sector which has earned our country global respect. But there was no mention about reducing the 20% Minimum Alternate Tax which Special Economic Zones are supposed to pay,\" said V K Mathews, executive chairman, IBS Group. The IT industry has been demanding this for some time now.The energy sector was another key area industrialists wanted the government to focus on.\"There was no mention on use of energy sources like solar power. In fact, in the next 10 years, our country will need two-thirds of the world's total energy,\" said K Balakrishnan of the Asian School of Business.But there was also appreciation amid brickbats. \"It should not be seen in total isolation. The budget is based on the medium and long-term plan of the government. The tax break for R and D, decision to widen the tax base, the thrust on infrastructure development and skill development are welcome,\" CII Thiruvananthapuram council member C Padmakumar said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300709", "title": "More jam for the kisan, and bread for India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hoping to nurse the agriculture sector back to good health, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has increased allocation under this head by 18% to Rs 20,208 crore, enhanced interest subvention for famers paying their loans on time by 3%, and promised greater commitment to allied areas like building storage and irrigation facilities.With investment in the new growth zone of eastern India showing good results -- an additional paddy production of seven million tonnes in the kharif season of 2011, Mukherjee has allocated an extra Rs 600 crore on the second Green India mission, taking it to Rs 1,000 crore for 2012-13.There is relief for farmers who borrow from the formal sector. The interest subvention scheme for short-term crop loans to farmers at 7% interest per annum was extended by a year and an additional subvention of 3% was offered for timely repayment of loans. Post-harvest loans will also get 3% interest subvention against negotiable warehouse receipts.Mukherjee announced that the existing schemes on raising agricultural productivity would be reworked in mission mode under the 12th five-year plan. These include the National Food Security Mission, National Mission on Sustainable Agriculture including Micro Irrigation, National Mission on Oilseeds and Oil Palm, National Mission on Agricultural Extension and Technology, National Horticulture Mission and a World Bank-supported, Rs 2,242-crore National Mission for Protein Supplement.The allied areas which boost the primary sector - like irrigation and warehousing -- too got the finance minister's attention on Friday. He announced that Viability Gap Funding under the Scheme for Support to PPP in infrastructure to attract private investment would be extended to irrigation, terminal markets, common infrastructure in agriculture markets and capital investment in fertilizer sector.A National Mission on Food Processing was also launched. It will be carried out in tandem with state governments, pushing for greater value addition to the sector. Investment-linked deduction of capital expenditure would be provided at the enhanced rate of 150% -- a rise of 50% over last year for cold chains and warehouses for storage of foodgrains.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300288", "title": "Gold, platinum get dear, women find it hard to bear", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A woman's dear friends, gold and platinum jewellery, are set to become expensive, as the custom duty has been hiked to 4% from 2% in the Budget. In the coming financial year, prices of gold and platinum jewellery are set to go up by 2%. The news has disappointed the city women. However, many of them are ready to cut down on their other expenses, so that the hike does not pinch their bling shopping.Sudhanshu Sharma, a retired private bank employee and resident of Sector 27, said, \"My daughter is getting married in September. I wonder how we will manage the finances with rates of gold and other gemstones shooting up.\"Gurinder Kaur, a homemaker of Sector 11, said, \"With gold prices continuing to climb up, I think I will have to buy artificial jewellery by the time my kids, who are in their teens, get married.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12300949", "title": "Growth oriented budget: P K Chobe", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Tata Motors plant head P K Chobe, CII chairman of Jharkhand state council, mentioned the Budget as long-term, growth and domestic oriented. The additional subsidy in agriculture would be encouraging for the farmers, he said.\"The announcement of financial package of Rs 3,884 crore for waiver of loans of handloom waiver and their co-operative societies would help the underprivileged mass,\" said Chobe in a press communique.For the state, setting-up of mega handloom clusters at Godda and neighbouring districts will be very beneficial for employment generation, he said.He said allotment of Rs 1,000 crore towards National Skill Development Fund is also encouraging. \"However, the increase in excise duty and service tax from 10 percent to 12 percent would post challenges for the industrial fraternity,\" said Choube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288850", "title": "Jannat 2, a rip off ?", "text": "Emraan Hashmi starrer Jannat 2, a sequel to the 2008 hit Jannat, deals with arms trafficking and illegal arms trade. The promo, which was recently launched online yesterday created an instant buzz.However, after watching the promo of the film, we couldn't help but notice the striking similarity between the film and the Andrew Niccol directed Lord of War starring Nicolas Cage, which was a worldwide hit.The opening sequence of Lord of War where Nicolas Cage gives certain statistics about the arms deal in the international market, reminded us eerily of a scene Kunal Deshmukh refers to as a 'signature shot' of his film Jannat 2.When quizzed about this resemblance, the director says, \"One, our film is not like Lord of War and if people are looking for that kind of film, they will be disappointed. Yes, that one shot does look like Lord of War but that is my signature shot, something that I also used with Jannat where money showers on Emraan in a stadium.\"Incidentally, both the films are about illegal arms trading, though Kunal maintains, \"Thematically, there could be similarities, but Lord of War dealt with international arm trade where as my film is very desi and revolves around the arms trade and gun culture in the capital.\" We rest our case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303776", "title": "Shikha going the nomadic way", "text": "Shikha might have done just a handful of films, but the Kola Kolaya Mundhirikka girl is happy that she's getting to play roles that are entirely different from each other.While she played a small-time con artist in her debut Tamil flick, she plays the mother of a boy suffering from cerebral palsy in her latest Kollywood release release.\"And in AMR Ramesh's Tamil-Kannada bilingual Vana Yuddham, I play Chandni, a Lambadi woman,\" she reveals.Talking about her role in the film, she says, \"The film chronicles the rise and fall of the slain forest brigand Veerappan and I play the girlfriend of one of his close associates, Gurunath.\"Shikha admits she had to do a lot of research for her character. \"Lambadi women have an attitude to die for - they are always cheerful and spend their time singing and dancing. They have a good sense of fashion, in the sense, they always wear colourful lehengas and sexy blouses. Their way of speaking is different as well. I watched several Kannada and Tamil films (especially of Saritha and Kalpana), in which actresses play Lambadi girls. I hope I've done justice to their way of living,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12299417", "title": "Climate research centre gets Rs 66cr", "text": "PUNE: Not a single Pune-specific infrastructure project was announced in the Budget 2012 by the finance minister on Friday. The only solace the city can take is in the Rs 66 crore allocation made for the centrallysponsored climate research initiative, being conducted from the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM), an institute of the ministry of earth sciences, here.\"The allocation will help us further two key objectives, i.e. development of an earth system model,which will be used for monsoon prediction and development of regional climate models to enable decision-making and risk calculation by the impact assessors,\" said executive director of the climate change centre, R Krishnan. The ministry of earth science, which was established in 2006, approved the climate research initiative in January 2009 but the centre went operational at the IITM only a year later, in January 2010, he said.\"Our mandate as of now is to develop our own earth system model, which refers to a global fully coupled climate model that takes into account the observation and data from atmosphere, ocean, biosphere, cryosphere etc.\" he said. This will be used by another group at the IITM for monsoon prediction work, he added. Krishnan said, \"People from other sectors like health, agriculture and water management, also need climate projections to make key policy decisions and risk calculation. This brings us to the second important task of scaling down the global coupled models to regional models.\"\"The resolution of a global model is usually confined to bigger areas covering 100 km or more,whereas the same for the regional model requires smaller areas of 30-odd km to bring out the climate variations from region to region. Once these regional projections are made, they can serve the purpose of the climate change impact assessors from different sectors.\"The centre is also a part of the multi-institutional programme for the measurement of greenhouse gases (GHG) including carbon dioxide, he said. \"The allocation will be of great help for this programme too,\" he added. Meanwhile, the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER), Pune, will benefit from the Rs 70 crore increase in the allocations for the five IISERs set up by the HRD ministry. In 2011 the IISERs were allocated Rs 580 crore. The same has now gone up to Rs 650 crore in Budget 2012. \"This (allocation) is good but a little bit more would have been better,\" IISER, Pune director K N Ganesh told TOI.While all the five IISERs are going through different phases of construction, the Pune IISER, set up in 2006, has gained a headstart on this front, having spent Rs 170 crore, so far, for its Rs 480 crore upcoming campus at Pashan. The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) is another city-based central institution which has got an enhanced budget allocation of Rs 185.40 crore as against Rs 149.40 crore in the 2011-12 revised budget.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298883", "title": "'No H1N1 patient in Nashik'", "text": "NASHIK: Even as H1N1 has reared its head in Pune, claiming two lives in the last two days, Nashik civil surgeon Dr B D Pawar clarified that no patient with H1N1 symptoms was noticed here until Friday.Dr B D Pawar said that in addition to from Civil hospital, all the 23 rural hospitals, four sub hospitals and one general hospital in Malegaon were braced to tackle any eventuality with regard to swine flu. Other than one patient traced of swine flu in April last, no suspected swine flu patient has been observed in any part of the district.On asked whether the climate was supporting the spread of H1N1, the civil surgeon said that it was the extreme climatic changes and between during the day hours and night hours, which could most likely be the cause of the sudden rise in swine flu the cases detected in Pune.He however, cautioned that seniors, children, patients of asthma and diabetes , and pregnant women were the most vulnerable targets of the virus.Patients suffering from sudden rise in cold and fever should immediately contact the civil hospital or any of the sub hospitals or rural hospitals in case they observed such symptoms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298841", "title": "Hope other parties will not play dirty politics, says new Nashik MLA", "text": "NASHIK: In an exclusive interview, the newly-elected Nashik mayor Yatin Wagh said his party would do 80% social work and 20% politics. Excerpts:What are you planning to do for Nashik?Our major focus would be on the overall development of the city. I feel that the opposition parties will keep aside their party politics and support us where the development of the city is concerned.What are your plans to revamp Goda Park?In the last five years, the ruling combine neglected Goda Park despite MNS leaders taking up the issue in the House several times. We will attend to the project as soon as we can.Did you play a major role in privatizing octroi collection?Octroi was being collected sincerely by the NMC. So, it had to be privatized. There was opposition at the general body meeting and morchas were taken out, but it was approved nevertheless. After the proposal was accepted, I signed on it as a standing committee member.What are your plans as the first citizen of Nashik?The previous ruling combine did not have the will or determination to do anything. Raj Thackeray has said that developmental work and beautification of the city would top the list. The cleaning of the Godavari will be done in the near future.With the cold war between the Shiv Sena and the state government continuing, how do you plan to get funds?Where developmental work is concerned, there is no issue between the state, union and local governments. They won't play dirty politics and if they do, people will teach them a good lesson. We will overcome all the obstacles. After the elections, I feel that they won't create problems.You have the burden of completing pending projects in addition to yours. How will you manage?Other parties made false promises. We will do 80% social work and 20% politics.Garbage disposal and encroachment issues persist. How do you intend to tackle them?Garbage vans do not have sufficient capacity to hold garbage. So, they are asked to make two rounds in a ward but they don't. We will penalize divisional and health officers. To tackle encroachments, we will create hawkers' zones. We will talk to the police to solve traffic issues and provide parking space to ease the situation.What are you going to do to protect open spaces?We will take possession of open spaces and develop them.What are your plans for the forthcoming Kumbh Mela?We will construct ring roads and take care that stampedes don't occur.The administration has begun preparing the budget. Will you make changes later?Now that a new body is formed, we will make changes and present the budget to the standing committee and the general assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12298952", "title": "Federation Cup basketball: Chhattisgarh survive Maharashtra scare", "text": "KOCHI: Playing her heart out Manisha Dange used all her experience but failed to get the requisite support as Maharashtra women went down fighting to defending champions Chhattisgarh 68-73 on Day II of the 26th Federation Cup basketball championships at the Regional Sports Centre, Kadavanthara, here on Thursday.While Chhattisgarh survived Maharashtra scare, Western Railway, men's winner of the previous edition of this prestigious tournament, were virtually shown the exit door by the fast and furious cagers from Customs &amp; Central Excise, Kochi. Having been derailed by the home team by as many as 57 points the Railway men suffered their second defeat in succession.A day after they launched their campaign on a high, the home team raised their performance to dominate the proceedings. With an aggressive start, Kerala continued from where they left of Wednesday. The home team opened their scoring in a brisk manner to take a decisive 48-11 lead at the end of the first half. The show of shooting the baskets from all the angles continued after the break too as Kerala went on to post a facile 57-point win, their second in as many games.Monish Wilson - who had a 30-minute presence on the court - started the proceedings, scoring 11 of his game-high 21 points in the first quarter. He got an able support from Manoj with 18 points and Shinumon Augustine chipped in with 11 points. For the railmen, India international Prakash Mishra (14) was only player to get a score in the double digit.Kerala girls also registered their second win in a Pool B match against Andhra Pradesh (59-20). In another match, Delhi, comprising seven internationals including four Singh sisters, mauled spirited Tamil Nadu 57-30.Favourites ONGC, Dehradun too had an easy victory over Bhilai Steel Plant, Chhattisgarh.While Chhattisgarh men failed to open their account in the tournament so far, their women counterparts were forced to sweat hard by a solo display of Maharashtra skipper Manisha Dange.Anju Lakra, the fastest Chhattisgarh cager, scored 12 of her game-high 31 points at the crunch moments to provide a star turn for her team.Down 27-37 at the halfway mark, Maharashtra girls led by the heroics of their experienced captain Manisha stunned one and all after the change of ends. They dominated the third period 27-14 to snatch a handy three-point advantage at the end. Chhattisgarh, however, were forced to change their strategy in the last quarter. Seasoned shooting guard took it upon herself to lead the challenge and guide her team to a hard fought victory by winning the last period 22-14.Seema Singh played a supportive role with 23 points while Manisha netted 21 points for Maharashtra.ResultsMen: IOB, Chennai (Mihir Pandey 19, Venkitesh Prasanna 17) bt Hyderabad (M Raghu 14) 97-43 (31-8, 18-19, 21-14, 27-2); Customs &amp; Central Excise, Kochi (Monish Wilson 21, Manoj R 18) bt Western Railway, Mumbai (Prakash Mishra 14) 81-24 (32-7, 16-4, 14-10, 19-3);Women : Chhattisgarh (Anju Lakra 31, Seema Singh 23) bt Maharashtra (Manisha Dange 21, Renu Mourya 14) 73-68 (20-10, 17-17, 14-27, 22-14); Southern Railway (Meena 19) bt MP72-34 (20-6, 14-6, 18-9, 20-13); Kerala (Surya PR 15, Jeena PS 11) bt Andhra Pradesh (Shravanthi 12) 59-20 (22-2, 11-2, 139, 13-7); Delhi (Raspreet Sidhu 21, Prashanti Singh 20) bt Tamil Nadu (Anitha S 11) 57-30 (17-10, 12-11, 10-7, 18-2).Friday's matchesTN vs AP (women, 8am); Maharashtra vs MP (w, 9.30 am); W Railway vs MP (men, 11am); Bhilai Steel Plant vs Air Force (m, 12.30 pm); Kerala vs Delhi (w, 2pm), S. Rly vs Chattisgarh (w, 3.30pm), Customs, Kochi vs IOB, Chennai (m, 5pm) &amp; Punjab Police vs ONGC (m, 6pm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12300422", "title": "Budget 2012 fails to impress Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: In the name of the budgeting exercise, a great hoax has been played on the people of India, P Ayyakannu, president of Bharatiya Kisan Sangh said on Friday. Reacting to the budget proposals, Ayyakannu wondered how the finance minister's offer of credit facility to farmers to the tune of Rs 5.76 crore was linked to the budget.The proposed allocation of Rs 20,200 crore to agriculture amounted to only 1.3% of the total allocation and it was an injustice to the farmers who constituted 70% of the country's population, he said. According to him, even the hike in the outlay of warehousing under the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) to Rs 5,000 crore was not great news, as the facility was not used only by farmers. Ayyakkanu said the government was deliberately killing agriculture so that the powers that be would get substantial cuts while importing food grains from abroad.The state general secretary of Trichy-based Tamil Nadu Traders Federation, V Govindarajulu said that the Central government's determination to allow FDI into retail sector would eat into the vitals of lakhs of traders in the country. He said he had expected that the income tax exemption would be raised to Rs 3 lakh, but an increase of a mere Rs 20,000 was disappointing. However, he welcomed the creation of a fund with an initial investment of Rs 5,000 crore for encouraging small and medium industries.Professor of neurology at KAPV government medical college, Trichy, Dr Mohaamed Aleem said the higher excise duty and service tax proposed in the budget would place greater burden on the pharmaceutical companies. Dr Rohaiah, the local MDMK leader commented that the service tax on hospitals would make hospital bills go up by 12% which would be an extra burden to patients. Dr Rohaiah said the prime minister's promise to increase the allocation on public health to the tune of 2.5% of GDP was not reflected in the budget.The relief in personal income-tax is only marginal in the context of inflation and the middle class would pay a price for continued subsidies that were mostly consumption expenditure and not product, said S Pushpavanam secretary, Consumer Protection Council, Trichy. According to him, the thrust given to infrastructure was a much needed step and the Rs 50 lakh crore (half of which would come from the private sector) would give a boost to the economy.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299170", "title": "Elections in hills to be held according to treaty: Government", "text": "KOLKATA: The government on Friday made it clear to Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) leaders that elections in the Hills will be held according to the tripartite agreement for setting up the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA). The GJM kept harping on their demand of including the Terai and Dooars in the GTA, but didn't have much to say except submitting their memorandum signed by party supremo Bimal Gurung.The GJM leaders first met chief secretary Samar Ghosh, who told them about the government's stand. Later, chief minister Mamata Banerjee reiterated the view. The government's firmness made the GJM leaders seem quite helpless.A delegation of GJM leaders, led by general secretary Roshan Giri and Kalimpong MLA Harka Bahadur Chhetri arrived at Writers' Buildings in the afternoon, to pursue with their demand for keeping elections on hold till there was a definitive decision on the 400 moujas of the Terai-Dooars within the GTA.Giri told reporters, \"We have asked the chief minister to wait till the high-power committee submits its report on the inclusion of Terai-Dooars. We have also asked her to let GTA be an interim body until this is done.\"\"A tripartite agreement was clinched and none of the parties can deviate from it. The elections in the Hills will be held according to the tripartite agreement,\" the chief secretary later told reporters.Both the chief minister and the chief secretary told the GJM leaders that the government has issued the notification for the GTA Act, which calls for holding elections in the Hills. The government has, therefore, started making preparations for the elections which will roll in two months.The GJM leaders, however, harped on their demand at a press conference at the state secretariat. When asked what they would do, now that the government has made its stand very clear to them, Giri only said, \"We have submitted out memorandum to the chief minister ...\" The GJM leaders abruptly ended their press conference and left.Meanwhile, the Justice Shyamal Sen Committee set up to ascertain the GTA jurisdiction met on Friday. Among those present GJM leader LB Pariyar and DMs of Darjeeling and Cocchbehar. The committee will again meet on March 27 to discuss with the DMs on how to enumerate Gorkha-speaking population in Terai-Dooars.The committee is planning to do a survey since the government has set factors like compactness, continuity and homogeneity which must be considered while determining the additional territory of GTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12301378", "title": "Seraikela jailbreak accused nabbed", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Md Israel, an accused in the Seraikela jailbreak case, has been arrested on Friday.The police said Israel, in his mid thirties, was the man who drove away Maoist inmates from the prison on an SUV on August 17 last year. \"He (Israel) has accepted his complicity in the case,\" said Chandil police station officer-in-charge Arvind Singh.According to the police, Israel, picked up from Rangaon village in Chandil, is one of the aides of the dreaded Naxalite leader Balram Sahu alias David, currently lodged in the Seraikela jail.David, the mastermind of the jailbreak, was arrested by Jamui (Bihar) police on January 3 and was brought here on transit remand and sent to Seraikela jail following his production at the Seraikela CJM court on January 5. On August 17, David had fled the Seraikela-Kharsawan jail along with another hardcore Naxalite, Somra Hansda, flashing gun at prison officials at the jail-gate.Later, following a probe carried out by inspector general (prison) Vijay Kumar Singh, it was established that David had managed to obtain a pistol from one of a home-guard jawan deputed on the prison's watch-tower duty.David had also managed to involve some of the jail officials in the conspiracy for fleeing the divisional jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298804", "title": "Court raps insurance company over non-payment", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik consumer court has ruled that delay in filing a claim was not an excuse for an insurance firm to reject it. Stressing the fact that the complainant had informed the insurance company about his lost vehicle well in time, the court ordered an insurance firm to pay the full claim amount, Rs 2 lakh, along with interest to the applicant.Pointing out that the insurance company could not turn down a claim request based on the fact that the claimant had filed claim papers after a very long time, the court ordered IFFCO Tokyo General Insurance Company Limited to pay the insurance amount due to claimant Dnyaneshwar Kale.Kale, a resident of Ghoti, Igatpuri, had bought a pick-up van with the help of Shreeram Finance Company Limited. Kale's pick-up was stolen on 18 October, 2010 and he had registered a police case accordingly.Kale's request for an insurance claim was turned down by the insurance company on the pretext that the claimant had informed the company about the incident on 31 January, 2011, nearly 105 days after the incident. Kale then filed a case with the consumer court.Kale's argument that he had informed Mittal, an employee of the firm, about the theft eight days after the incident, was not completely rejected by the company. Taking note of this fact, the court has observed that the firm has to clear the entire amount of insurance. At the same time, the insurance company has also been ordered to give 12.50% interest on the entire amount till the claim is settled.The forum has also ordered the company to pay Kale Rs 1,500 to compensate him for 'mental agony' and Rs 1,000 as legal costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12298949", "title": "City-businessman arrested in sex racket", "text": "AKOLA: A prominent city-based businessman was arrested and remanded to police custody for a day by a local magistrate for flesh trade on contract basis on Thursday, police said.Nitin Ramesh Baheti was arrested along with seven others in the sex racket. A15-year-old girl from south Dhaka was brought here by two youths hailing from Nagpur and was sold to rich people.Those arrested include, Shrikrishna Bhakre and his wife Durga, Aashish Dhumal and Rani Afsar, Manda Jadhav, Insan Ali and Noor Ali (The later three of Mumbai).Shrikrishna Bhakre one of the accused from Akola had been using his mobile to contact customers. Police seized the mobile and retrieved data through which Nitin was traced out. Police is anticipating more such high profile arrests in the connection.The seven arrested persons were already sent to jail under magisterial custody after their PCR was over the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12301326", "title": "District transport officer seizes nine trucks", "text": "BOKARO: District transport officer (DTO), in a joint raid with mobile inspector on Friday, seized nine trucks of Bokaro Jaypee Cement Limited (BOJCL) plying overloaded on NH-23 under Balidih police station area here.Many other small and big vehicles were also seized by the officers.The checking was conducted against BOJCL trucks following a direction of subordinate legislation committee in this regard.The local residents had complained to committee members about plying of overloaded trucks of Bokaro Jaypee Cement Limited which are damaging roads.DTO Vijay Kumar Gupta said the trucks of Bokaro Jaypee Cement Limited have been seized. Other vehicles were released after being slapped fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12300815", "title": "Impact of budget on economy discussed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An open house discussion on the Union budget was organised at School Management Studies( SMS) Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology( MNNIT) on Friday where experts and students presented varied views on the impact of the Union budget on Indian economy.Stating that the younger population, increase in consumption with a high Gross Domestic Savings rate of 32.3% and a comfortable storage of food are presently the three strengths of Indian economy, offering both food and investments domestically, HOD, SMS, Prof Peeyush Ranjan Agarwal said that increase in density of technical manpower and expanding infrastructure with IT inception has expanded the share of service sector to GDP from 1/3rd to around 56% over a period of 60 years with the compounded annual growth of 10% higher than the aggregate GDP.He however agreed that Agriculture which continues to be the major employer, has shown a marginal growth of 2.5%. The foreign trade has accelerated but the Current Account balance has been on the negative side of - 3.6 % to GDP. The store of balance of foreign exchange remained stagnant to around US $ 300 billion leading towards major decline in Rupee value of more than 19% during the year 2011. In spite of the fact, there has been acceleration in NRI deposits, portfolio inflows in the backdrop of slackening global scenario.Another senior faculty member Dr Tanuj Nandan said that the Budget confronts to remove bottlenecks in the infrastructure development, especially in the sectors of power, coal, fertilizers, telecommunication, housing and road constructions.Reasonably to harness the low cost capital from developed countries in dollar terms, the scope of External Commercial Borrowings (ECBs) has been enhanced for the capital goods imports and building an effective Supply Chain Management.Credibly, construction of irrigation dams, telecommunication towers and maintenance of road shall attract special viability gap funding in the cases of PPP projects.Another faculty member Dr Tripti Singh said that Rajiv Gandhi Equity Scheme shall inculcate equity culture among the small investors with tax exemption, investing on from small cities. The Corporate culture has been devised to become more democratic by way of calling for voting , electronically by the shareholders sitting across the world. This would also pave for future public internet voting in case of general elections.The burden of high Current Account deficit has been attempted to be offset through increase in customs duty on the import of gold and platinum to 4% on the invoice value. This would reduce the import volume of the gold. The tax base in the country has been broadened with adding new services and enhancing the service tax from 10% to 12% in order to continue with the expanding base of social security and welfare schemes in the Country.Participating in the discussion a group of students opined that Enhancing supply in economy with continued investment and offering liquidity in the market are the three salient features of the Budget. Common people and industry , both have been kept in mind. May it be termed as an innovative but a long term visionary Budget.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12300882", "title": "Over 10 Allahabad University students qualify GATE-2012", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Bringing laurels to the Allahabad University around a dozen students from various departments have qualified the prestigious Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE)-2012. Among successful students, many have bagged the top positions in their respective fields.GATE is an all India examination conducted jointly by the Indian Institute of Science and seven Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT's) of the country and provide admission in MTech courses from the respective units.Among the students who have made the institution proud, Mangla Nand , a former student of the department of Physics have bagged 13th rank. Along with her, Sindhant Raman of the department of electronics and communication (J K Institute) had bagged the 18th rank.Likewise, other students, Sadhana Singh of the department of Physics have stood at 27th rank. Of the same department, Ashish has bagged 118th rank, Rahul Keserwani got 298th rank and Anis kumar, a student of the last year of J K Institute have bagged 340th rank.Moreover, as many as Six students of the department of Earth and Planetary Sciences have also qualified in the GATE exam. Om Prakash Pandey bagged 177th rank, Vasim Akram, who is pursuing his research after completing his MSc, stood at 250th rank. Pratibha of MSc final bagged 291 rank, Narendra Patel got 290th rank, Sanjeet Sharma got 304 and Manish Yadav got 270th rank.It is to be mentioned that admission to postgraduate programmes with MHRD and some other government scholarships/assistantships in engineering colleges and institutes is open to those who qualify GATE examination.GATE qualified candidates with Bachelor's degree in Engineering/Technology/ Architecture or Master's degree in any branch of Science/Mathematics/Statistics/Computer Applications are eligible for admission to Master's degree programmes in engineering/Technology/Architecture as well as for doctoral programmes in relevant branches of science with MHRD or other government scholarships. Candidates with Master's degree in Engineering/Technology/Architecture may seek admission in relevant doctoral programmes with scholarship without appearing in the GATE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12302414", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee sticks it to smokers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cigarette smoking will now be even more injurious to your wallet. The finance minister - who used to strike a debonair pose with his pipes but has kicked the habit - on Friday announced structural changes in excise duties on tobacco products and an increase in rates, making the \"unhealthy habit\" also an expensive indulgence.The Budget has increased excise duty on some cigarettes, handrolled bidis, pan masala, gutkha and chewing, unmanufactured and zardascented tobacco. The hike will make cigarettes above 65mm costlier with an ad valorem component of 10% added to existing specific rates. The ad valorem duty will be chargeable on 50% of the retail sale price declared on the pack.Analysts say manufacturers are likely to pass on a substantial part of the additional costs to consumers. An analyst at Angel Broking said, \"It was anticipated and we expect the manufacturers to pass on the burden to customers.\" Leading tobacco companies indicated prices of cigarettes above 65mm would increase by 15-20 %. Godfrey Phillips chairman K K Modi said, \"The rates will go up.\"Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "12306437", "title": "Engineering certificate course student dies while receiving award", "text": "SANGRUR: A certificate course student at Sant Longowal institute of engineering and technology ( SLIET) died while on the stage to receive award. The boy Arshdeep Singh(17) was a Bhangra dancer and only sometime back before collapsing had performed at the ongoing institute annual technical fest.\"Arshdeep belonging to Ludhiana was studying in first year of certificate course in air conditioning and was residing at hostel. He had won laurels on Saturday at the on going technical festival named techfest that all of a sudden collapsed while on to the stage to receive award\", said hostel warden Jaspal Singh Aujla. Seeing him having fainted the students and faculty members immediately got him to institute dispensary and from there to civil hospital, Sangrur where he was declared brought dead, said Aujla. After the instuitute got to know about the demise, the eminent Punjabi singer Satinder Sartaj night to be held on Saturday night was cancelled.The institute authorities said it has come to their notice that boy was already suffering from some ailment and might have suffered stroke in the past as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12298989", "title": "Glass crack forces airline to ground Mumbai flight", "text": "LUCKNOW: An Indigo flight to Mumbai was called off on Friday evening after the airline authorities observed a crack in the glass of aircraft's cockpit. The aircraft was grounded and authorities called another flight from Mumbai to ferry the passengers.According to reports, the Indigo flight, 6E-342 was to fly to Mumbai with 180 passengers on board at around 4.15 pm.The flight had arrived at Amausi airport at around 3.00 pm.However, authorities detected a crack in the outer layer of the three layered cockpit glass and called off the flight.Airport authorities said that the crack developed probably because of the temperature difference.\"At times, there is sudden change in temperature while landing. The temperature happens to be in negative at high altitude. And, it begins to rise as the aircraft descends,\" said an AAI official.Till last reports came in passengers were waiting for the aircraft from Mumbai to arrive.Authorities said that some of the passengers will also be accommodated in a flight that was expected to arrive from Delhi and fly to Mumbai late on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12299072", "title": "Heritage building won't be pulled down: Chennai Metro Rail Limited", "text": "CHENNAI: A timely petition in the Madras high court may just have saved a part of the P Orr &amp; Sons building, a heritage structure built in 1873, from demolition for the metro rail project.The Chennai Metro Rail Limited on Friday assured the court that it would not touch the heritage portion of the building. An undertaking to this effect was given when a PIL, filed by the India National Trust for Architectural and Cultural Heritage (Intach), came up for hearing before a division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal.\"It was submitted by senior counsel R Thyagaran (representing CMRL) that they are not going to touch the building wherever they are declared as heritage. The submission is recorded and the matter is posted to March 19 for further arguments,\" the judges said.The building was commissioned by Scottish watchmaker Peter Orr and designed by Robert Chisholm, who also designed the Senate Hall, Victoria Public Hall and the Central Railway Station. On Thursday, a building adjoining the 139-year-old showroom collapsed.The PIL was brought before the bench as an urgent matter, with Intach convenor Sriram Venkatakrishnan contending that no portion of any heritage structure could be built, replaced, redeveloped or painted and plastered without the prior written permission of the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA).Describing it as a complete violation of the Development Control Rules, the PIL said the CMDA could act only in consultation with the heritage conservation committee to be appointed by the government. However, in spite of several representations and reminders from Intach, the state government has not prepared a comprehensive list of heritage buildings as directed by the Madras high court, it said.Pointing out that preservation of heritage structures is one of the mandates of the Constitution, and that every authority is duty-bound to act in conformity with the provisions of the Constitution, the PIL said the authorities had failed to see that P Orr &amp; Sons was a heritage structure.They erred in permitting a part of the building to be demolished to pave way for the metro rail project without considering the heritage value of the building, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303744", "title": "Party time for 'Abar Bomkesh' unit", "text": "The unit of the much-talkedabout \" Abar Bomkesh\" came together at Galaxy, The Park, on Wednesday.Even though the immediate reason for the gathering was a press interaction, the cast and crew were seen having a fun time together.Of course, there was music for company and Sraboni Sen's \"Sokhi bhabona kahare boley\" was appreciated by all.Turning heads at the do was Bomkesh aka Abir Chatterjee, who said, \"At a certain point in time, Anjanda (Dutt) wasn't well-versed in Bengali and got initiated into the language through detective stories. Bomkesh was the first series he took interest in.\"On being asked whether Bomkesh can ever go in for a modern makeover, the actor summed it up in two words, \"Never ever.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12301248", "title": "Deputy commissioner's ultimatum to striking staff", "text": "GARHWA: Deputy commissioner Rajendra Pratap Sinha has on Friday given a 24-hour ultimatum to the MGNREGA employees who have been on an indefinite strike to return to their duty within the next 24 hours, failing which they would be terminated.MGNREGA employees have been on an indefinite strike since February 18 to press for their five-point demands that included regularization.Taking a hard step against the striking employees, the DC said that notices to this effect have been served against the block program officers (BPOs) of Bhawnathpur, Kandi and Bardiha, junior engineer (JE) of Sagma and rojgar sevaks of Meral and Dandai blocks of the district.Sinha, while terming the MGNREGA employees strike \"illegal\", said that they have been appointed on contract basis which is purely temporary. According to the contract, the employees have no claim of regularization of their services, the DC added.On the other hand, Jharkhand State MGNREGA Employees' Association president Abhimanyu Tiwari has called upon the striking employees to continue the strike. \"There is no need to be afraid of the DC's ultimatum. We will continue our strike until our demands are considered,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12304556", "title": "Jaya Bachchan files nomination for Rajya Sabha", "text": "LUCKNOW: Actor-politician Jaya Bachchan on Saturday filed her nomination for Rajya Sabha as a Samajwadi Party candidate.A former Rajya Sabha member, Jaya filed her nomination in the presence of Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and other party MLAs.Jaya was earlier elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2004 as SP nominee and completed her term in 2010. She, however, refused re-nomination.She is the sixth Samajwadi Party nominee to file her nomination for the upper House . Naresh Agarwal, Kiranmay Nanda, Darshan Singh Yadav, Brijbhushan Tiwari and Munawwar Saleem had on Friday filed their nominations.Samajwadi Party, which has a strength of 225 (with one Independent MLA Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya) in the 403-member Uttar Pradesh assembly, can send six members to Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "12307030", "title": "Punjab budget unlike union government budget will be people friendly: Dhindsa", "text": "SANGRUR: Reducing administrative expenses, increasing revenue from various sources, tightening noose around tax offenders and finding new resources are high on agenda of Punjab' new and young finance minister to fill the coffers of state exchequer. Despite reports of empty state coffers, Parminder Singh Dhindsa is unnerved and claims nobody need to fear about the financial health of state and this situation will not be allowed to put any pressure on the ongoing welfare schemes rather more new schemes will be launched in due course of time.Parminder Dhindsa upon being questioned about the status of welfare schemes in the face of precarious financial health of Punjab said \"various measures are being adopted to raise resources and this resource mobilization will put the state on the path of development\". Dhindsa while outlining his agenda, said \"sincere efforts will be made to reduce the administrative expenses, revenue will be increased from various sources and noose will be tightened around the tax defaulters\". He said no welfare scheme will be closed because of financial constraints.Parminder said though he has not gone through the finer details about the budget but this is for sure that the Punjab budget unlike the union government budget will be people friendly.Parminder Dhindsa inaugurated three help lines, first of its kind in Punjab, at district administrative complex for the benefit of district residents. The help lines will come in handy for the residents in reducing their problems, said Dhindsa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12299891", "title": "Alwar\u2019s PDS model to be replicated", "text": "JAIPUR: To make the public distribution system (PDS) more effective in the country, Pranab Mukhrejee announced a proposal on reimbursement of subsidy on LPG cylinders and kerosene directly into the bank account of the beneficiary to improve customer service and Alwar has been chosen for the pilot project of the new system.Under the revamped PDS system, the government is set to curb pilferage of kerosene and enhance better reach of subsides to the targeted people. The subsidized amount will now be credited in the accounts of the ration card holders under the pilot project.The project has been initiated in Kot Kasin of Alwar district where the service has been extended to 15,000 beneficiaries and the process is under observation. \"For the first time in country, a direct cash transfer scheme is launched. We are delivering subsidies directly to bank accounts of individuals. With the money, they can buy kerosene form the open market,\" said Ashutosh A T, collector Alwar.At present, the government provides kerosene at subsidised rates to families living below the poverty line through the PDS. Furthermore, LPG is provided at a subsidised rate to households.Viewing its impact in Alwar, the Central government will replicate the system across the country. The administration is also planning to put GPRS on the trucks carrying the kerosene stock. \"We do not want to leave any scope of leakage in the system. The GPRS will give us an update on the movement of trucks. Similarly, as a part of the project, we will provide smart card for all ration card holders which can be used in ATMs too\" Ashutosh said.Economic experts believe that direct credit of subsidies is economical. \"From a purely economic point of view, without even considering the leakages involved in indirect subsidy, the cost of direct credit will be much lower,\" said Rahul Gaur, senior economist at a private consultancy firm.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303655", "title": "Road to Success", "text": "West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education is gearing up for an overhaul of the syllabus and evaluation method to benefit students. Debolina Sen reportsWith West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education (WBCHSE) looking to support its students for excelling in board exams, the council has decided on a complete overhaul of its syllabus. According to Muktinath Chatterjee, president, WBCHSE, \"As per our present syllabus, there are some lacunae which bar students from scoring high. With the introduction of a new syllabus and a pattern of evaluation from the academic year 2013-14, I hope students of the West Bengal Higher Secondary board will be in a position to score as much as their CBSE and ISC counterparts, especially in humanities stream.\"Students of HS board often complain of getting low marks whereas examinees from other boards are found better equipped with marks which help them secure seats in renowned colleges outside Bengal. Nilanjan Chakraborty, student, South Point High School, avers, \"When we produce our mark sheets in colleges such as St Stephen's, we fall short of the cut off. The general trend in other boards is high aggregate, mostly 95-96 per cent. Keeping in mind the competition for those who want to study outside Bengal, we hope the evaluation should be a little lenient.\" But teachers are of a different opinion. Sunita Sen, principal, Ballygunge Shiksha Sadan, says, \"These days there are a lot of avenues open for each one. Students should not restrict their choices to one or two colleges and streams. As for an overhaul of the syllabus, I am sure the officials are working towards it because we will not want our state children to lose out in the competition.\"Conducted under the aegis of University of Calcutta till the 1960s, the Higher Secondary Examination has a long and enriched history. To take care of the education system post class X, WBCHSE was formed in 1975 by the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education Act. While there may be other board options available, an enormous number of students prefer HS boards. Gautam Bandyopadhyay, secretary, WBCHSE, shares, \"This year we have 7,38,467 students appearing for HS boards with 3,94,327 male students and 3,44,140 female students. There has been an increase of 1,00,227 students appearing for HS boards as compared to the last year.\"Going by the figures, it appears to be one of the popular boards, yet students would not mind some necessary changes. Raunak Saha, student, Nava Nalanda, feels, \"The questions require descriptive answers, hence scoring high becomes difficult. I would prefer objective-type questions to which if I answer correctly I am entitled to get full marks.\" But with students busy concentrating on the last leg of preparation, it is of utmost importance to keep a clutter free mind that allows them maximum retaining capacity. Also required is a healthy routine with a good mix of sleep, proper diet and timely study.Chatterjee advises, \"I would want them to appear for the exams with proper preparation and cooperate with the invigilators as well as the school authority. It is a request that they do not succumb to any unfair means during the exam or get panic attacks. I would like to wish them successful boards and life ahead.\"Courtesy Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12301017", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: 5 crore salaried persons to bear the brunt of EPF cut", "text": "MUMBAI: The unkindest cut in the Union Budget 2012 has gone almost unnoticed owing to its crucially timed revelation . No less than 4.72 crore salaried persons will be hurt by the Centre's decision to reduce employee provident fund (EPF) interest rates from 9.5% to 8.25%. The move was announced on the eve of Budget 2012, and got camouflaged as India awaited big policy announcements .Experts say that after the drastic reduction in EPF, a taxfree investment,the Centre may bring down public provident fund (PPF) and other interest rates to match these levels.\"The government is sending out mixed signals. It is encouraging people to invest in such schemes, but has lowered interest rates, which will deter employees from investing in them,\" says Gautam Chainani, chief people officer of Aditya Birla Financial Services.Financial planner Gaurav Mashruwala said, \"It is inconceivable to have an 8.25% interest rate for EPF but 8.6% for PPF. EPF is mandatory for employees and is deducted from the salary, while PPF is optional.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303543", "title": "Budget 2012-13: Education Highlights", "text": "Many feel the Budget is positive for the education sector, with good amounts allocated to higher education and school education exempted from service taxPranab Mukherjee , finance minister, presented the Union Budget for the year 2012-13 on Friday, with reference to the state of the global economy and its impact on India. The Budget seems positive for the education sector, with good amounts allocated to higher education and school education exempted from service tax.Right to Education (RTE)-Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) received Rs 25, 555 crore allocation, showing an increase of 21.7%; while a 29% increase for Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan making it Rs 3,124 crore.As proposed, 6000 schools will be set up at block level as model schools in the 12th Five Year Plan. Besides, a Credit Guarantee Fund announced to be set up for better flow of credit to students.In his Budget speech, the finance minister said: \"In the 12th Plan, 6,000 schools have been proposed to be set-up at block level as model schools to benchmark excellence. Of these, 2,500 will be set up under public-private-partnership (PPP).\"An allocation of Rs 15, 850 crore was made for Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme, an increase of 58% and Rs 11, 937 crore for National Programme of Mid-Day Meals in schools for the year 2012-13. Also, an allocation of Rs 750 crore was proposed for Rajiv Gandhi Scheme for Empowerment of Adolescent Girls, SABLA.Meanwhile, as a welcome move, the Budget has allocated Rs 1000 crore for National Skill Development Fund.B Muthuraman, president, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), in his response to the Budget for the education sector, said, \"We are not too unhappy with the Budget. It is a positive Budget in terms of the focus and allocations made to higher education and the skill development programme.\"Dilip Chenoy, CEO and MD, National Skills Development Corporation (NSDC), too feels the Budget has come out positive for the education sector.\"It is a rather positive budget as enhanced allocations have been made to the higher education, skills and vocational training. Besides it is a welcome move that school education has been exempted from service tax. Besides, the focus given on specific points such as the mid-day meals and the RTE makes it seem rather good,\" he added.However, from the academic sector, E Abraham, director, XLRI School of Business &amp; Human Resources, Jamshedpur, in response to the Budget said, it is a good move to increase the allocation to RTE - SSA by 21.7 % to Rs.25, 555 crore and by 29 % for Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan to Rs 3,124 crore. However, a regulatory body to ensure Right to Education is fully implemented in letter and spirit is an institutional gap that has to be plugged at the earliest.According to him, the Credit Guarantee Fund to ensure better flow of funds to students is also a welcome move. However, the government must ensure that deserving students and parents are aware of such a fund. It is likely that there will be restricted disbursement of funds because of low levels of awareness about it. Government must link grants to desired outcomes and not dole out grants without any guidelines or desired outcomes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12298144", "title": "Decision on Dinesh Trivedi\u2019s fate after vote on President address", "text": "NEW DELHI: Resignation of railway minister Dinesh Trivedi may be settled soon, with the Congress not inclined to let it linger indefinitely.Although a section in Congress is against a complete rollback of the hike in passenger fares and will also like to wait for how Trinamool behaves in the vote on thanks to the President's address, the leadership does not wish to let tensions linger indefinitely.Trinamool has not only demanded sacking of Trivedi but is also threatening to support opposition amendments critical of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre and the government would like to be assured that the ally does not actually carry out its threat.Trinamool accepted an assurance from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that the NCTC will not be operationalized without taking on board the concerns of the states, but a section in Congress wary of an ally known for its maverick waysBut the dominant school in the party wants an early closure, recognizing that there is little profit in annoying an ally when there is no guarantee that likely replacements -- either SP or BSP -- will be easier and less costly to manage.Congress sources pointed out that Trivedi's exit is hardly a point as the railway minister has to leave irrespective of what happens to Congress's equations with Trinamool. Those who favour holding out argue that there is need to prepare for some brinksmanship as Trinamool MPs have made no secret of being prepared to support opposition amendments as party leaders have demanded the reference to NCTC be deleted altogether.If Trinamool were to go ahead and support the opposition amendments despite the PM's expected assurances, the development will mark a break of the alliance with Congress. Voting with the opposition against the President's address will be a hostile act.However, the Trinamool camp indicated a de-escalation with the party describing the general budget as \"tolerable\".The absence of any critical reaction from West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee can also mean that the truce negotiated between Congress and her is holding for now. If the Trinamool leader does not see any merit in breaking with Congress, given that she is expecting a substantial economic package and no alternative political alliance is in the offing, the vote on Monday may pass off without mishap.A wary Congress is not prepared to take risks with an exasperating ally but is not willing to precipitate a showdown. It is not rushing to lose partners even if it does pursue an alliance with Samajwadi Party. Congress is aware that an alliance with SP will not be not without its downsides either. Its strategy is geared to preserving and enhancing stability at the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300375", "title": "Leather industry welcomes Union Budget", "text": "KANPUR: The leather industry has welcomed the Union Budget and has thanked Union Finance Minister for announcing certain major schemes for the benefit of the leather industry.M Rafeeque Ahmed, chairman, Council for Leather Exports said the announcement to provide assistance in setting up of dormitories for women workers in the five mega clusters relating to handloom, power loom and leather sectors would be of great help in creating a comfortable and secure boarding facility near the workplace for them. It would particularly benefit those women whose residence was located 50-km from their work place. Thus, this scheme will help in attracting more women workforce to the leather industry.He also said the measure of enhancing the limit of the Central excise exemption for footwear on the basis of retail sale price from Rs 250 to Rs 500 per pair would be highly beneficial to the manufacturers, particularly the MSME manufacturers selling footwear in the domestic market.Another major announcement made is extension of the service tax exemption with retrospective effect from June 16, 2005 to the common effluent treatment plants (CETPs) set-up with the assistance of the Central or state government's aid. This is a huge benefit which will help in effectively implementing environment management programme in the leather industry.Though the Central excise and service tax rates have been enhanced from 10% to 12%, the leather industry hopes that the duty incidence will be compensated in the upcoming revision of all industry rates of duty drawback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299076", "title": "'17% hike in education budget inadequate'", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the allocation for education in the union Budget has been hiked academicians feel shortchanged after going through the details.N G Ganar, MLC (Teachers Constituency), said, \"The hike in education Budget is just over 17 per cent whereas it should have been almost 100 per cent minimum. The central government wants to implement the Right To Education ( RTE) fully without providing the necessary funding for it. I would say that the government is talking about buying a chopper whereas they don't even have money for a cycle.\"Deepak Bajaj, a well known academician, said, \"We are disappointed that the government is not considering education as a priority and this 17 per cent increase is of no use to us. For any country education sector should be a priority as it will build a base for the future. Needless to say that the government has to invest in it if it wants reap the benefits.\"Mahesh Karajgaonkar, deputy director (education), said, \"The government has allocated Rs48,000 crore while it should have given at least Rs60,000 crore. With this budget allocation we will not be able to deliver the goods, in fact it will be tough to even maintain the current infrastructure.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300326", "title": "Jammed: City\u2019s big ride", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a city that roars on the distinction of having the hightest density of four-wheelers in the country, Union Budget would put a rude brake on the dreams of prospective buyers. For, excise duty on all vehicles has been increased from 10% to 12%.This is likely to put an additional burden on the city residents, who had recently faced UT administration's ire when road tax was made vehicle cost-dependent instead of the fixed Rs 2,500.Even those who had booked vehicles months ago but hadn't got the delivery till Thursday would now have to pay the increased excise duty.After repetitive fuel price hike during last one year, the middle class would only find it more difficult to afford a car after the Budget announcement.Manpreet Randhawa, a middle class city resident, said, \"I had booked a car over two months ago, but did not get the delivery till today. I will have to arrange more money now, which would be troublesome.\"Deepak Kalra, a businessman, said, \"After increasing the train fare the government hiked the excise duty on all vehicles. This shows the government is least bothered about the lower and the middle classes.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12299120", "title": "Katara's killer told to pay government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court asked one of Nitish Katara's killers to refund money spent on his security expenses for visits to various hospitals from jail.A bench of Justices Gita Mittal and V K Shali asked Vishal Yadav's counsel to consult his client and inform the court by March 23, the next date of hearing. \"The money spent by the government on your security during your visit to hospitals, including Batra Hospital, was taxpayers' money,\" the bench said.Referring to a Tihar Jail report, Justice Mittal said it is evident that more than Rs 16 lakh was spent on the number of security personnel who had accompanied the convict. HC also asked jail authorities to place before it the guidelines framed for the prisoners who were sent to various hospitals other than Deen Dayal Upadhyay and LNJP hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12298806", "title": "BJP support to MNS to throw up new equations", "text": "MUMBAI: The hurriedly-forged BJP-MNS alliance in Nashik could be the precursor of new political equations in the state, say political observers.The BJP ignored its two decade-long election ally, the Shiv Sena , to team up with the MNS in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). MNS chief Raj Thackeray has thanked the BJP for its support. The recent Congress poll reverses in UP, Goa and Punjab has brightened the BJP's hope that a grand Sena-BJP-MNS-RPI-PWP alliance can upstage the current ruling Congress-NCP combine in the 2014 assembly polls in Maharashtra.However, Matoshree isn't willing to think of the assembly elections. It will keep licking its wounds from the Nashik election. A stung Sena has accused the BJP of \"deceit and dishonesty\". \"The BJP's decision (to team up with the MNS) is incomprehensible, illogical and downright unethical,\" said senior Sena functionary Arvind Sawant, Matoshree's pointsman in the grape city.\"What has irked us most is that the BJP should keep Matoshree in the dark till the eleventh hour,\" said a Sena functionary. The Sena had first offered the Nashik mayoralty to the BJP in a move to trounce the MNS. However, the BJP turned down the offer, citing lesser number of seats in the civic body as reason. Next, the Sena fielded its own nominee for the mayor's post, anticipating BJP's support. Not only did the BJP ditch the Sena, it teamed up with the MNS for the key election and won the deputy mayor's post as its reward from its latest partner.\"We backed the MNS because it had the people's mandate in the Nashik civic election,\" said BJP MLA Girish Mahajan.\"The MNS had backed the Sena-BJP-RPI in the Thane mayoral election. The MNS was expecting us to reciprocate in Nashik. The Sena should have displayed magnanimity by supporting the MNS which has the largest number of seats in the Nashik civic body. The mandate in Nashik is clearly in the MNS' favour,\" said another BJP functionary.Realising that the BJP had joined hands with the MNS, a shocked Sena had no other option but to abstain from voting in the mayor's election. In a 122-member NMC, the Sena has strength of 19 members as against MNS' 40 and BJP's tally of 14.The Congress and the NCP also stayed away from the mayoral election process, thus clearing the decks for the BJP-MNS victory in the mayor's and the deputy mayor's election.Although the BJP has maintained, in a poor attempt to placate the Sena, that its partnership with the MNS will be confined to Nashik alone, there are ample indications that the BJP is keen on having the MNS on board the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance. \"Key BJP leaders will soon call on Balasaheb Thackeray and Uddhav Thackeray with a formal proposal that the MNS should be made partner in the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance,\" said a former BJP MP.On Thursday, after the first day of the budget session, the state leadership of the BJP held a meeting of all legislators where the decision and reasons behind supporting MNS were discussed. All legislators appreciated the move.Meanwhile, the NCP stayed away from voting following instructions from party supremo, Union minister for agriculture Sharad Pawar . Talking to mediapersons in Nashik recently, Pawar had indicated that his party will have no truck with the Sena in Nashik.By asking the Nashik unit of the party to abstain from voting, Pawar has clipped Chhagan Bhujbal's wings, say NCP watchers. A senior minister in the ruling DF, Bhujbal is a force to reckon with in Nashik, his political turf and hometown.There is another reason why the NCP abstained from voting on Thursday and thus helped the MNS in the mayor's election.The NCP will need MNS' support in the soon-to-be-held Rajya Sabha elections. Pawar has set his gaze on the 12 MNS seats in the assembly. The NCP has fielded two candidates for the Rajya Sabha election for which the state legislature is the electoral college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12301111", "title": "Handloom cluster to be boon for weavers", "text": "RANCHI: The decision to establish a mega handloom cluster at Godda in Santhal Pargana, an increased budgetary support under the Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) and soft loan to woman self-help groups (SHGs) in Maoist-hit districts have given enough reasons to Jharkhand to dream for a better future.While the handloom cluster will transform the lives of at least two lakh weavers in Santhal Pargana region, the increased fund allocation under the BRGF and soft loan at an annual interest rate of 3% is expected to elevate the standard of living of another 2.5 lakh families. The mega cluster will be set up with an investment of around Rs 100 crore.BJP MP in the Lok Sabha Nishikant Dubey, who has been batting for the cluster for the past two years, said, \"Apart from benefiting two lakh weavers of Bhagaia silk of Santhal Pargana, the project will also provide direct and indirect employment to another two-three lakh families.\"\"I feel that the establishment of mega cluster and waiver of loans to individual weavers and their cooperative societies will help transform the region. The proposed centre will now provide an international market to Bhagaia silk weavers,\" Dubey added.Officers in the state planning and development department said increased allocation of the BRGF and interest subvention to women SHGs in the Maoist-hit districts would bring about a revolution.\"At present, we get around Rs 350 crore under the BRGF and if it increases, it will definitely bring more money to the state. In Jharkhand, 17 of the 24 districts are Maoist-hit and soft loan to women SHGs in these areas will again boost the economy of the rural Jharkhand,\" said the officer adding that increased plan size of tribal sub-plan would also have a positive impact on Jharkhand.There has been an increase of 17.6% in tribal sub-plan and the fund size now will be around Rs 21,710 crore. People associated with the mining sector also appreciated the decision of the finance minister to bring down the customs duty by 5% (7.5 to 2.5%) and making import of machinery cheaper.Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) director (technical) T N Nag, a subsidiary of Coal India Limited, said, \"The decision of the Union government will help mining companies import quality equipment at a favourable price. This will not only increase productivity, but will also bring down the input cost. This will also give a major boost to coal mining industry,\" said Nag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299166", "title": "Bijan Chowdhury passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: Artist Bijan Chowdhury passed away at Belle Vue Clinic on Friday. Born in Faridpur in 1931, he was one of the early practitioners of contemporary art in Bengal. Every serious workshop would find him involved in an exchange give-and-takeof thoughts and idioms of visual and literary expressions. Chowdhury is survived by two daughters and two sons. tnnBijan Chowdhury was born in Faridpur in 1931. And till his last breath he considered Bangladesh to be his own. Every major Indo-Bangla exhibition took him 'Back to the Roots.' Every serious workshop would find him involved in a give-and-take of thoughts and idioms of visual and literary expressions. And yet, in his demise on Friday at Belle Vue Clinic, Bengal lost one of the early practitioners of its contemporary art. He is survived by two daughters and two sons.Born to journalist Kunjabehari Chowdhury, Bijan Chowdhury was raised in an atmosphere steeped in music, painting and drama. Since his early days at Kolkata's Govt College of Art and Craft he was deeply involved in Marxist politics. This led to his being expelled before completing his diploma but strengthened his bond with Dhaka as it prompted him to graduate from their Govt Institute of Arts.In 1964, he joined Nikhil Biswas, Prakash Karmakar, Rabin Mondal, Jogen Chowdhury and Dharaj Chowdhury to form a 'communion of artists' who strove to break free of the traditional idiom of the Bengal School. This group, identified as the Calcutta Painters, claimed the heritage of Calcutta Group, the first progressive amalgam formed by artists in 1943. Prior to this, in 1960, Bijan Chowdhury had joined Shyamal Dutta Ray and others to form the Society of Contemporary Artists. All this was to explore \"a contemporary yet indigenous idiom in modern Indian art\", he'd say.In later years, when he headed the Indian College of Art and Draftmanship between 1976 and 1980, he fostered friendly equations with colleagues like Suhas Roy and students like Swapan Palley. A Retrospective in Kolkata almost 50 years ago; another in Delhi's Art Heritage (1986); a miniature exposition in Paris (1982); participation with Indian Artists in Stockholm (1982) and Munich (1984); Bengal Art in London (9186); the Triennale (1975), Festival of India (1982)... Bijan Chowdhury featured in them all - and came to be awarded by the Academy of Fine Arts (1963) and Rabindra Bharati (1978).The Marxist orientation did not allow Bijan Chowdhury \"to neglect reality and run after abstract art in a country gripped by poverty, prejudices, illiteracy...\" He said as much in Dhaka to artists who followed the abstract style in search of a universal style. Because he believed in a balance of emotion and visuals, his paintings drew on narrative elements but his strong mastery of line never degenerated into illustration. His imagery was not explicit, nor was his symbolism Surreal. His stylistic features were inspired by Kalighat pat, built upon Socialist Realism, and blended in Mexican flavour. What emerged was human content dressed in lines and colours that found universal acceptance - as the series on Raga-Ragini or those inspired by folklore.His bonding with roots as much as his political orientation did not permit him to make peace with religious exigencies. He joined those who urged the then Chief Minister to lift the ban on Taslima Nasreen's Dwikhandita. \"The govt should not have taken such an emotive decision,\" he said since banning a book was unthinkable for the man who wasn't divided by the Partition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303672", "title": "'Rockstar' wins top honours at FICCI Frames", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor-starrer 'Rockstar' swept the top honours including the Best Actor and Best Director titles at the FICCI Frames Excellence Awards in Mumbai.'Rockstar' won a total of four awards making it the most prolific winner, last evening. Imtiaz Ali won the Best Director while Ranbir bagged the Best Actor award.Music Maestro A R Rahman was given away the Best Music director award and Mohit Chauhan bagged the honour for Best Singer (Male).Producers Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani walked away with the Best Film award for their path-breaking movie 'Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara'.Actress Vidya Balan continued with her winning spree in the best actress category for 'The Dirty Picture'. Hosted by Mandira Bedi , the awards featured stunning performances by the very talented and veteran singer Usha Uthup and rock sensation Papon.In the debut category of awards, newbie Parineeti Chopra won the best debut (Female) for 'Ladies VS Ricky Bahl' while Vidyut Jamwal won best debut award (Male) for 'Force'. Abhinay Deo was given best debut director for Imran Khan-starrer 'Delhi Belly'.Playback singers Usha Uthup and Rekha Bhardwaj received the award for best singer (Female) for '7 Khoon Maaf'.Megastar Amitabh Bachchan was honoured with the award for maximum impact made by a personality. In the television category, 'Bade Achhe Lagte Hai', a popular show on Sony , fetched producer Ekta Kapoor the 'Best Fiction Programme' award while both the protagonists--Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar--were adjudged as Best Actors in the Male and Female category respectively.Game show 'Kaun Banega Crorepati' won the best non-fiction programme.The FICCI Frames event, which unfolded here over three days, from the March 14-16, concluded with the award function yesterday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300175", "title": "Three-day Swasthya Mela begins", "text": "PATNA: A 'Swasthya Mela' was inaugurated here at the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) on Friday. The Mela, which aims to create health awareness and increase patient-doctor interaction, was inaugurated by Patna Medical College principal Dr N P Yadav.The Mela, an annual event being held at the PMCH since 1932, will be a three-day affair this time. Exhibition Society vice-president Dr R R Prasad said that this year event comprises a healthy baby show, a healthy mother show and a healthy grand-father show. The winners in each category will be awarded by Dr G P Sinha. Dr Prasad said that Saturday's event will be inaugurated by AKU vice-chancellor S N Guha. He said that as many as 32 stalls have been put up at the Mela by Sulabh International, Ayurvedic College, Unani College, Physiotherapy College and departments of physiology, anatomy and plastic surgery of PMCH.Society president Dr Amarkant Jha Amar said efforts for leprosy eradication will be made at the Mela and drugs would be distributed under multi-drug therapy scheme. HoD, neurosurgery, Dr A K Agarwal said stress management and its related benefits would be advocated at the Mela. HoD, obstetrics and gynaecology, PMCH, Dr Sushma Pandey said emphasis would be laid on breastfeeding and immunization programme, especially of pregnant women and children.Heart patients will also be examined at the Mela and they would undergo treatment at the Indira Gandhi Institute of Cardiology on PMCH campus at subsidized rates, IGIC director Dr S N Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12299260", "title": "Tax tweaks bring relief and despair", "text": "PUNE: The increase in the income tax exemption limit announced by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in the Budget 2012 on Friday has cut tax payers both ways.\"The exemption means more savings and one can start planning for the future a lot earlier. An average young professional does not get paid much and due to high taxes, it becomes difficult to save money. The raise in the exemption limit is good news for every young professional,\" corporate lawyer Ronojoy Basu said.For Gazal Madaan, branch head of an event company, the new income tax exemption limit means more savings.\"We usually earn money through commission because our fixed salary is comparatively less. But, the relaxation in tax slabs means that we'll earn a little more from our fixed income as well,\" Madaan said.However, process analyst Kavita Kesaria, said the increase in exemption limit would make a small difference to a person's annual income.\"If someone is earning Rs 3 lakh per annum, he would have to pay Rs 10,000 under the current tax slab as compared to Rs 12,000 in the previous fiscal. The difference of Rs 2,000 in a year is peanuts against the backdrop of steep rise in food and petrol prices,\" Kesaira said.Marketing executive Ajanta Banerji said there would be little or no difference in the annual salary of a person earning more than Rs 10 lakh.Banerji said, \"The rise in exemption might benefit young professionals but it hardly adds any value to a person who is earning more than Rs 10 lakh. But, tax benefits are announced to facilitate lower income groups, who constitute a major chunk of India's working force.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12299620", "title": "Woman to vie for clubs cultural secy post", "text": "LUDHIANA: After over a decade, Satluj Club will see a woman contesting for the post of cultural secretary.Ruchi Bawa, a resident of Gurudev Nagar, is all set to give a tough fight to her male friends fighting for the post. These days, everyone talks about women empowerment and so, I decided to take up the challenge. I have started meeting members for the soon-to-be-held elections, she said.About 12 years ago, a woman was the clubs cultural secretary, but then onwards, men held the position.Ruchi, 34, was also the head girl of her school and college student council. That, she feels, had given her some experience to work for the organization.Managing director of Saroj Khan dancing spirits, Ruchi has organized many events for the club in the last couple of years.She added that the cultural secretarys role would enable her to play a vital role in holding such events. She said apart from meeting people in the club, she would go to the residences of the members to apprise them of what she has done and w hat she would do.Her husband and club member, Minku Bawa, said he has full faith in Ruchi, who would surely win the poll.A resident of Model Town, Nisha Aggarwal, said she would support Ruchi to send out the message of women empowerment.Sunita of Mall Road said its good that a woman has come forward to give a stiff competition to men.A resident of Civil Lines, Anuradha Goyal, said, If a woman will occupy such an important position, then at least decorum will be maintained by all in meetings.A resident of Haibowal, Neha Jain, said she would support Ruchi, so that more women come out to hold important positions.Naveen Bhatia of South City and Harjap Singh of Sarabha Nagar said after so many years, a woman has come forward to take the post. Men contestants will have to fight a stiff battle, they smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300350", "title": "LCD dreams make some happy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If many in the city rued that new cars will cost more, the announcement on Friday that LCD and LED have been exempted from custom duty and that cell phones will be cheaper brought joy to many others.As the finance minister presented the budget, Abhinav Shukla, a student of Government Model Senior Secondary School in Sector 16, could see his dream coming true. \"For one year I have been pestering my parents to buy an LCD screen for my room but nothing had come of it. Now as rates of LCDs will go down, I am hopeful of getting it soon. I am very excited about this development,\" said Abhinav, a resident of Sector 34, whose father Harmesh Shukla is an employee with a Baddi-based pharmaceutical company.A resident of Sector 18, Sarita Mahajan said it was her dream too to mount a big screen on the wall of her drawing room. \"This dream will come true as Pranab Mukherjee has at least exempted LCDs and LEDs from custom duty. Before this it would have been a stretch on the budget of a middle-class household like ours to indulge in an LCD set of a good company,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300775", "title": "Battle-scarred,yet Manmohan talks of \u2018biting the bullet\u2019", "text": "Nothing weakens political resolve like poll losses. So, it needed certain steeliness for PM Manmohan Singh to say that reducing the deficit, even if it means increasing fuel prices, may require the government to \"bite the bullet\" on subsidies.\"That is obviously the task which, I think, has required the government to put forward an effective programme for adjusting prices of petroleum products and other relevant prices... So we have to bite the bullet,\" he said in an interview with ET Now's consulting editor Swaminathan Aiyar.The PM identified inflation as the principal challenge and said, \"The biggest single thing fiscal policy can do in controlling inflation is by controlling the fiscal deficit. Fiscal deficit in the current year has turned out to be as high as 5.9%.\"Singh made no bones about his worries on fiscal deficit and said, \"The finance minister has promised to bring it down to 5.1% of GDP. If that happens, that would be a material contribution to stabilizing the price level; also reducing crowding-out (of credit available to private investment) that invariably follows if government borrowing goes haywire.\"On whether the Trinamool is on board regarding likely price hikes, he said, \"There will be difficulties. There have been difficulties. But ultimately, if the government is to govern, it must have a sustainable strategy for managing the economy... we will consult all our allies.\"On fertilizers, he said \"there is agreement that we should have a nutrient-based subsidy.\"Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12300255", "title": "Tiny tots get farewell too at Cherry Lane", "text": "LUDHIANA: The little ones of Cherry Lane play school, BRS Nagar, who are leaving to join formal schools, got a sweet farewell party on Friday. There was a graduation ceremony in which all the tiny tots were awarded certificates for successful completion of nursery. The parents were asked to write small messages for the school, which the teachers read out on stage. The teachers had moist eyes, as the children whom they had nurtured like small flowers were in full bloom and ready to face the challenges lying ahead. The function ended with a cake cutting ceremony. ` Cultural blast at farewell partyThe farewell function of commerce department of Ramgarhia Girls College, Miller Ganj, evoked mixed emotions on Friday. The BCom final year students grew nostalgic but were cheered by their juniors, who presented a cultural blast for their seniors.The efforts and the enthusiasm of their juniors were evident in the vibrant performances. Special games were organized for their seniors to energize the atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12307665", "title": "Three arrested with stolen bike", "text": "PATNA: Three youths riding a stolen motorcycle were arrested by police from Danapur Hospital Mor on Saturday.The local police were engaged in routine vehicle checking near Danapur Hospital Mor. Seeing the police team, the three youths tried to flee from there. A police team chased and arrested them.Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar said the arrested youths were identified as Bikram Kumar, Vinay Kumar and Rakesh Kumar, all residents of Maner in Patna district. He said that during verification, the local police found that the engine number of the two-wheeler was punched. Efforts were on to trace the owner of the vehicle and find out where it was stolen from, the SDPO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300872", "title": "Budget 2012: Tax write-offs in plenty, but for the bigger, they\u2019re better", "text": "For all the talk of phasing out exemptions and concessions from the finance ministry, there is little to show by way of achievement. In fact, latest data in the budget estimates that the government will dole out concessions worth Rs 5.3 lakh crore this fiscal compared to Rs 3.7 lakh crore in 2011-12, an increase of about 43%.Barring a small decline of Rs 1,100 crore in direct taxes, it's a story of another missed opportunity as FM Pranab Mukherjee went about handing out sops for almost everything - from export promotion to fueling diesel vehicle sales.Indirect taxes lost by way of concessions are 1.45 times the duty collected, which is estimated at Rs 3 lakh crore during the current fiscal. Last year the sops were 1.3 times the mop up from excise and customs duty, indicating that the government has been more liberal.The biggest loss came from customs duty where the government lost Rs 2.24 lakh crore, thanks to various sops. Within this, crude oil (Rs 58,000 crore) and gold and diamond (Rs 57,000 crore) accounted for nearly half the revenue foregone, with machinery and food products making up another quarter.In case of excise too, oil was the big contributor, especially after the government slashed import duty to limit the price hike on diesel last summer. Overall, excise duty concessions cost the exchequer Rs 2.12 lakh crore, which is an increase of a tad over 10%.For customs, the rise in the value of concessions was estimated at 29%.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12301015", "title": "Indian pupil found guilty in US gay suicide case", "text": "NEW YORK: India-born former Rutgers student Dharun Ravi was on Friday found guilty by a US court of hate crime and invasion of privacy for spying on his roommate's gay sexual encounter with another man in 2010.The sentencing of 20-year old Ravi, who was convicted of hate crime, invasion of privacy for spying on Tyler Clementi, has been set for May 21.Ravi faces 10 years in prison or possible deportation to India for invading the privacy of Clementi when he used a webcam to watch him kiss another man on September 19, 2010.Ravi had then sent text messages to some of his other friends inviting them to watch the sexual encounter.Clementi committed suicide by jumping off the bridge linking New York City and New Jersey days after the footage became public. The case threw light on issues of cyber-bullying and treatment of young gays and lesbians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12300257", "title": "Budget adds burden, no gains", "text": "LUDHIANA: Alkesh Verma works as a manager with a television firm while his wife Sonia Verma is a teacher at a private school. The family of four has an annual income between Rs 9 lakh and Rs 10 lakh. Alkesh, 50, says the Union budget presented on Friday was a dissappointing one for him.Sonia, 47, who takes home Rs 35,000 per month as her salary, says the worst feature of this budget is the hike in service tax, as it would make eating out costlier.Besides, the hike in prices of food items, air travel and gold and diamond will also come hard on our finances as we generally eat out once a week. I will have to think twice before taking my husband and two children to our favourite restaurant, says Sonia. She adds that even her monthly grocery budget will have to be reworked and a few items would be eliminated from the list.My husband works in the marketing and sales industry and the hike in air fare would certainly be a direct blow to his pocket. Even the increased prices of gold and diamond would have a negative impact on our finances in the long run, says Sonia.Alkesh, who earns a monthly salary of Rs 45,000, feels they would be at a loss from al sides post this budget. I need to travel a lot by air and road for my work and both these modes of travel are going to cost me more with hike in air fare and fuel prices, he adds.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12303595", "title": "Nursing Degrees in UK", "text": "KOLKATA: A leading British university in healthcare is opening up career prospects for nurses in India by offering them a chance to gain BSc and MSc degrees. Nursing is set to become a graduate-only profession in Britain and University of Worcester.In addition, the university, this month was in India to offer a training session for practising nurses. The university staffs were in Delhi on March 6 and in Chennai on March 12, hosting one-day training sessions.British universities are developing a range of different bachelors and masters level courses. Diploma qualified Indian nurses will be able to acquire a BSc (Hons) in nursing studies with a one year full-time course. Degree qualified Indian nurses will be able to complete either an MSc nursing studies or an MSc healthcare leadership and management. If they wish to work in the UK, they can enroll for the overseas nurses programme from September 2012.In February 2012 the University of Worcester received the highest grade in the annual monitoring review carried out by UK's Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC). In September 2011, it was rated the seventh best university in the UK to study nursing by the Sunday Times Good University Guide.In Britain, nurses are no longer seen as just doctors' assistants. They are leading clinical teams and seeing themselves as leaders of care and a UK based degree will give recognition to the status of nurses and boost their career prospects, says Ruth Pearce, head of continuing professional development in the Institute of Health and Society, University of Worcester.The BSc (Hons) top up course and the MSc in nursing will include theory and simulated clinical practice. Students will not be qualified to work as nurses in Britain while they study, but may be able to find part-time work in care homes.For more details please contact Chris Taylor , senior international officer. c.taylor@worc.ac.ukCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12302954", "title": "Victor Banerjee lashes out at national awards", "text": "Victor Banerjee whose torrid 65-second long smooching sequence with Keira Chaplin in Chaurahen has been voluntarily snipped out by the film's director, is very angry with this year's National award jury.His wrath is directed at the jury for rejecting the Assamese director Bidyut Kotoki's film As The River Flows for not being Assamese.Victor plays a central part in this highly-acclaimed film.Lashing out at the jury Victor says, \"We should set rhinos and wild water buffalos on those members of the jury whose constipated vision needs a socio-cultural suppository shoved into them.\"Victor can't see the logic of an Assamese film being rejected for not being Assamese. \"I'm flummoxed by the absurdity of a National jury watching a film in the Assamese language, directed by an Assamese, shot in Assam being proclaimed as being 'not Assamese'. Hello? How much more Assamese did they want the film to be?\"Victor feels it is such ignorant evaluations of the region that has led to the neglect of the area. \"The entire nation is ignorant of the reality in the North East and it's ridiculous circumstances like the one Bidyut Kotoki has faced that makes me realize why the North East is up in arms, and why for decades the region wants to sever ties with the rest of India.\"Becoming progressively agitated by what he sees as the neglect and ignorance of the area, Victor states, \"Assam, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh , Sikkim and Darjeeling are just curiosity pieces of primitive tribal people who provide a circus of amusement in Delhi.\"Delhi, feels Victor, is taken up with its own agenda. \"They are bogged down by the OBC casteism, fodder and tele scams and the perpetuation of corruption on all levels, sports, politics, and now even culture.\"Re-directing his wrath at the National award jury Victor says, \"I'm ashamed at the high-handed arrogance of a jury that has no business calling national. As The River Flows is an important Assamese film with a message for all to ponder upon. I've nothing more to say.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299509", "title": "Budget 2012: Govt seeks fairy to give banks teeth", "text": "After having to fall back on the Life Insurance Corporation to recapitalize banks in 2011-12, the government is now looking at creating a holding company which will raise funds to invest in shares of public sector banks. Although the finance minister set aside Rs 15,890 crore for recapitalization of PSU banks, regional rural banks and Nabard, this may not be enough.\"The moot question is to find the source for recapitalization. Also, the banking sector requires Rs 1,10,000 crore to comply with the Basel-III norms and the government's offer of Rs 15,890 crore is just a drop in the ocean,\" said Naresh Makhijani, partner, KPMG. Banks across the world are engaged in a hunt for capital to meet with new capital requirements that have been decided by regulators worldwide. These capital norms drawn up under the aegis of the Bank for International Settlements in Basel are commonly known as Basel III norms.Banks will get a boost in their efforts to mobilize low-cost deposits with interest income of up to Rs 10,000 on savings deposits being exempt from tax. For banks like Kotak Mahindra and Yes Bank, which offer higher returns on savings deposits, this provides one more attraction to draw customers. Also, the government's move to directly credit subsidies to the poor through bank accounts will provide banks with low-cost float funds and new customers. \"Effectively, the returns on savings account comes very close to term deposits on a post-tax basis - balances of around Rs 1.66 lakh (at 6% rate) to Rs 2.5 lakh (at 4% rate) give you tax-free returns,\" said K V S Manian, president (consumer banking), Kotak Mahindra Bank.In a move to take banking services to the hitherto unbanked, the finance minister has set banks a target of reaching out to all habitations with a population of more than 1,000 in the northeastern and hilly states. During the current fiscal, banks have already reached out to 70,000 habitations with a population of over 2,000.The finance minister has also proposed the launch of ultra-small branches which would be manned by business correspondents. They would connect to the main bank's servers through point of sales terminals, thus providing a boost to electronic payments. There is also a Budget proposal to convert all Kisan Credit Cards into electronic smart cards.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299188", "title": "Arsenic study centre in Kalyani", "text": "KOLKATA: The city is all set to get its first world-class institute with Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announcing a centre for water quality specializing in arsenic contamination on Friday. The institute will be an international centre of excellence on arsenic research and training, attracting scientists, experts and sector professionals from the world over.Mooted by city-based scientists and experts over three years ago, the proposal took shape a month ago when rural development minister Jairam Ramesh proposed it at an international conference in the city after discussions with state public health engineering minister Subrata Mukherjee. The latter promised land for the institute at Kalyani.With the FM granting Rs 50 crore in the Budget, the project is expected to move beyond the proposal stage soon. The institute may require Rs 400 crore to set up multiple laboratories to study the health, epidemiological and sociological impacts.State arsenic task force chairman KG Nath, who had also chaired the scientific committee at the international conference on water quality with special reference to arsenic that was held in Kolkata on February 18 and 19, said those associated with arsenic mitigation were expecting the announcement by Mukherjee.\"We are extremely fortunate that a global institute is being set up in West Bengal where arsenic problem was detected way back in 1983. Scientists and experts who have gathered so much expertise over the years can now share the knowledge with counterparts from other countries afflicted with arsenic. Young researchers in Kolkata will also get huge exposure. It will be a global resource and research centre,\" Nath said.While Bangladesh and eastern India are scarred by arsenic, countries like Myanmar, Cambodia, Vietnam , Laos , Thailand and China are also badly hit as are some countries in Africa , Latin America and North America. In all, 70 countries are affected by arsenic worldwide. In India, the problem is most acute in West Bengal with Assam , Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh also seriously affected.SP Sinha Roy, who was chairman of the arsenic task force from 1993 to 2000, felt the institute would enable scientists from Kolkata pass critical knowledge to countries that were still grappling with the problem. \"We have developed expertise that should not go waste,\" he said.Roy though, acknowledged that despite years of research, the challenge remained in Bengal with arsenic free water provided to only 45% of the affected population. \"The problem should be solved in two-three years,\" Roy said.However, 12 districts in the state are arsenic-affected, eight of them severely. It's this failure to mitigate the problem that irks Jadavpur University's School of Environmental Studies director research Dipankar Chakraborty. That's precisely why he isn't enthused by the proposal. \"Arsenic is a decades-old problem. Crores have been allotted for research but none used for actual mitigation. We are virtually sitting on a volcano. Of what use will a fancy research centre be when we can't bring relief to the suffering of people?\" he wondered.In October 2010, Chakraborty had taken 300 cancer patients to an international conference on arsenic to highlight the magnitude of the problem. It did create a flutter but given the impermanence of public memory, their sufferings were soon forgotten. Perhaps, the global institute will help sustain attention and force the government into action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12298996", "title": "Two more swine flu deaths, toll climbs to four in Pune", "text": "PUNE: A 10-year-old girl with Down's Syndrome from Dhankawdi, and a sixty-year-old woman from Kothrud died of swine flu in the city on Friday, pushing the death toll to four in Pune and seven in the state.\"The girl, Amruta Joshi, succumbed to the swine flu infection at around 6.30 am at Bharati Hospital on Friday. Her throat swab report received after she died showed that she had swine flu infection,\" said paediatrician Sanjay Lalwani, medical director of Bharati Hospital.Amruta came to the hospital with fever, cough and breathless around 9.15 pm on Thursday. Her X-ray report showed a bilateral pneuomonic patch. She was admitted to the paediatric intensive care unit of Bharati Hospital around 10 pm the same day. She had acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and was put on ventilator support, Lalwani added.\"Amruta suffered pulmonary haemorrhage, bleeding inside the lungs. Her condition deteriorated further and she died,\" Lalwani said. Her throat swab report was sent to National Institute of Virology, Lalwani said.The other deceased Shubhangi Kulkarni was in isolation in the ICU of Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital for the last four days. \"She had tested positive for the pandemic H1N1 virus on March 15. She had co-morbid conditions like diabetes, obesity and hypertension. She died at 7 am on Friday,\" said city health chief S T Pardeshi of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Kulkarni, a retired nurse, was admitted on March 12. \"Her X-ray report showed she had bilateral pneumonia. She had developed ARDS and was put on a ventilator. We started Tamiflu from day one,\" said physician Manisha Deshmukh.Her condition deteriorated after 11 pm on March 15. The oxygen saturation in her blood dropped following which she suffered a cardiac arrest. She was revived, but suffered another arrest, Deshmukh said.Meanwhile, the condition of two critically ill swine flu patients who have been on ventilator support at KEM Hospital and Prayag Hospital for the last few days remains unchanged.On Wednesday, Kanta Sarode (48) had succumbed to the H1N1 infection, becoming the first swine flu victim in Pune district since April 2011. The next day, 51-year-old Shrikant Shinde from Katraj died of swine flu at Bharati Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12308549", "title": "NGO to move HC against photo electoral roll", "text": "GUWAHATI: City-based NGO Assam Public Works (APW) on Saturday said that it had decided to move the Gauhati high court next week against the Election Commission of India (EC) and state government's decision to launch photo electoral rolls (PER).APW fears that the decision will aid illegal foreigners get enlisted in electoral rolls and decision move should be postponed until the National Register of Citizens (NRC) is updated. APW has been fighting a case against the state government in Supreme Court against its failure in updating the NRC in Assam.APW president Abhijeet Sarma said: \"We are going to move the high court against. In other states, the EC of India itself took pictures of the voters and verified them. But here the administration asked the voters to provide their own photos, it is irrelevant as many infiltrators can take its advantage\"Dispur has taken the first step towards having photo electoral rolls while the Kamrup (metropolitan) district has been shortlisted for the launch of the pilot project. Those seeking to get enlisted in PER will have to submit their photographs and the Election Department of Assam has instructed all district Election Officers to prepare photo electoral rolls by September 15.Sarma criticized the procedure of providing a photo by an electoral and said: \"In a place where rural population is high and jobless, such instruction is not feasible. How can a poor family of five click their photo and then send it to the authorities? They might not even have enough money for that.\"Accusing the Border Security Force of helping Bangladeshis illegally trespass into Indian territory, APW also alleged that some fundamental groups are helping Bangladeshis getting enrolled in PERs. \"We have inputs that in char and fringe areas some groups are clicking photographs of illegal infiltrators and sending them to the district administration. Thestate government must act on the issue,\" said Bitu Talukdar, general secretary of APW.\"The state government could not even complete the pilot project of updating the NRC in Barpeta owing to the mounting pressure from many groups. The government's action indicates that it is guarding such people,\" added Talukdar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303681", "title": "Shweta Menon wins Bharatha Muni Award for best villain", "text": "Actress Shweta Menon is being awarded with the Bharatha Muni Award as best villain for her role in Rajanna. Apparently, this is the first time a female actor is being honoured with such recognition.\"The biggest honour was that, I was the first woman to receive it,\" says an excited Shweta, who adds that she was hoping to win it too, considering the kind of work that went into preparing for and enacting the character.\"Initially, I was bit apprehensive about this role. I am a fun loving person and I have never played such a vicious character,\" shares the actress. \"I played a brutal woman, and it was a 100% dark, negative role,\" says the actress. She shares that the movie brought out the actor in her. \"I put my heart and soul into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12302088", "title": "Budget 2012: Gains and pains", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance minister has taken a pragmatic approach in this year's Union Budget, which, while not taking its eye off the inclusive growth agenda, has taken steps to urgently address the need to fix stretched government finances. Analysts said the changes on the indirect taxes front unveiled on Friday suggested that it is clear that progress was being made on launching the most ambitious tax reform.Here is a look at what taxpayers, consumers, investors and businesmen are likely to gain and lose from this Budget.GAIN FOR TAXPAYERS*I-T exemption limit raised to Rs 2 lakh, 30% tax bracket now at Rs 10L *Interest up to Rs 10,000 on saving bank account to be exempt from tax *Deduction of 50% for investments up to Rs 50,000 in equity by new investors with an annual income up to Rs 10 lakh *Age limit for senior citizens reduced from 65 to 60 for several tax benefits *Deduction of Rs 5,000 for preventive check-up expenses allowed within health insurance benefitPAIN FOR TAXPAYERS*Additional deduction for infra bonds of Rs 20,000 removed *Income tax officers can now reopen assessments pertaining to foreign assets for up to 16 years instead of the current six yearsGAIN FOR CONSUMERS*Threshold for payment of service tax on apartment maintenance raised from Rs 3,000/month to Rs 5,000 *No excise on branded silver jewellery *Duty-free baggage allowance at airports raised by Rs 10,000 to Rs 35,000 *Excise duty on branded readymade garments reduced from 4.6% to 3.7%PAIN FOR CONSUMERS*Service tax (cess included) up from 10.3% to 12.36%; excise hiked from 10.3% to 12.36%, from 5.15% to 6.18%, and 1.03% to 2.06% *Excise duty on cars of 1500cc and above raised to 27%. *Basic customs duty on imported SUVs worth over $40,000 (3,000cc or more for petrol, 2,500cc or more for diesel) raised from 60% to 75% *Customs duty on high-purity gold in various forms doubledGAIN FOR INVESTORS*Securities transaction tax on delivery-based deals reduced to 0.1% *More options for investing in tax-free bonds (like NHAI and Hudco)PAIN FOR INVESTORS*TDS mandatory for sale of immovable property of over Rs 50L in urban areas and Rs 20L in rural areas *1% tax to be collected at source by seller for any sale in cash valued over Rs 2L of jewellery, bullion, etc *TDS for interest from debentures if amount exceeds Rs 5,000 *No tax sops for new life insurance policies with annual premium over 10% of sum assured (currently 20%) excluding loyalty bonusGAIN FOR BUSINESSMEN*Withholding tax on interest on ECBs reduced from 20% to 5% for power, airlines, roads etc for 3 years *A year's extension for exemption under section 80IA for power firms; also for lower tax on overseas dividend *Small service provider exemption increased from Rs 10L to Rs 50LPAIN FOR BUSINESSMEN*Alternate Minimum Tax now on partnerships, sole proprietorships too *All foreign assets must be declared *Penalty up to 90% on undisclosed income found during search *I-T Act amended retrospectively to tax 'offshore M&A; deals' involing transfer of assets in India. Example: Hutch-Vodafone transactionBudget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12299798", "title": "French woman found dead at Candolim", "text": "PANAJI: The body of a 63-year-old French woman was found floating off the Candolim beach on Thursday afternoon. Police suspect that she could have drowned after she suffered a heart attack or developed cramps, which restricted her ability to swim.Calangute police said that Josette Mohnrieres, who was staying in a guest house in Calangute, would go swimming every morning off the Calangute beach. The postmortem is yet to be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12299596", "title": "Municipal corporation takes 8 minutes to pass city budget", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fearing heated arguments or detailed discussion on the annual budget for the development of city, municipal corporation passed it in just eight minutes on Friday. The house meeting, which was called after three months, was over even before all members had reached.The civic body passed an annual budget of Rs 741.25 crore for the financial year 2012-13 that would now go for the approval of state government.Reasoning the early wrap up of meeting, mayor Hakam Singh Giaspura said, When we had already discussed the agenda of house meeting in the core committee on Thursday, then there was no need to waste time in discussing it again. We have prepared the budget keeping all aspects in mind.Senior deputy mayor Parveen Bansal, who had reached after the meeting, said, It was perhaps the last house meeting because next one would take place after MC elections. The authorities must have discussed the agenda in detail and councillors must have given valuable suggestions for improvement.The house members rued that authorities had prepared a tight budget and if they had to include undeclared colonies inside MC limits then there would be additional burden on them. The members asked for revision in the budget allocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299432", "title": "Customers within KYCing distance", "text": "The investors' paperwork, when it comes to dealing with his financial investments, is expected to be soon reduced substantially. The finance minister's proposal to put in place a central Know Your Customer (KYC) depository, popularly called the KYC Registration Agency (KRA), will eliminate duplication of efforts on the part of investors and companies. It will also have several long-term positive implications for investors and companies alike in the financial sector.So, when an investor registers himself with one pan India KRA, it will be valid for all his subsequent investments and relationships, be it banks, stocks, mutual funds, insurance and pension products, etc. This is a departure from the current structure, under which the investor has to do his KYC registration individually for banks, insurance companies, Sebi-registered entities like stock market and mutual funds, etc.In the new dispensation, if an investor has to update his KYC details, all he has to do is contact his KRA and in a few days all the changes will be effected across all the financial services companies he deals with as a customer or investor, explained Cyrus Khambata, MD, CDSL Ventures, the first Sebi-registered KRA for the stock and mutual fund industries.In addition, since such KRAs come directly under the government or a government-appointed regulatory body, all the services are free of cost. \"Such a set-up brings in uniformity in the way client database is maintained, saves duplicity of efforts and also cost for investors as well as companies,\" Khambata said.The FM on Friday said that to bring banking payment structure on a par with global standards, among several steps, the government was planning to set up a central KYC depository next fiscal which will avoid multiplicity of registration and data upkeep. At present, there are two KRAs in the market which offer similar services to all the companies regulated by Sebi. For the convenience of investors, it is mandatory that all the KRAs under Sebi regulation should share customer data. Market players feel since Sebi has already gained some experience regulating two KRAs, the government is likely to draw from the market regulator's experiences when it sets up such agencies that will cater to all the financial services companies.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12300844", "title": "Man held for harassing wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 24-year-old man was arrested on Thursday for harassing his wife both physically and mentally. According to police, he had forced his wife to drink liquor and then beat her up with a liquor bottle when she refused to do so. The culprit has been remanded in judicial custody and lodged in Coimbatore central prison.Police said, S Deepa, 22 of Neelikonampalayam fell in love with her neighbour S Chandrasekar, a daily wage labourer and married him on November 29, 2009. Her parents gave the couple one sovereign of gold as dowry. After the wedding, Chandrasekar stopped going to work and started drinking. Meanwhile she gave birth to a boy.In December 2011, when he was in a drunken state, he accused her of infidelity. When she denied his accusations, he forced her to drink liquor. When she refused to do so, he assaulted her with a liquor bottle. She sustained minor injuries on her head.Chandrasekar continued to harass his wife. Unable to bear the cruel treatment, Deepa approached All Woman Police Station in Ramanathapuram. She was admitted in CMCH. On Thursday, she lodged a complaint against Chandrasekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12308500", "title": "Private security training centre on cards", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government in a bid to tap huge employment potential in private security sector, is set to establish a training centre under the Security Knowledge and Skill Development Council to train 10,000 youth in the first phase.Kunwar Vikram Singh , the chairman of the Central Association of Private Security Industry (CAPSI), along with chief executive officer of council General Chahal met state government officials here on Friday and discussed the modalities in laying the foundation for the training centre.Addressing the media after the meeting, Singh said more than 100 private security agencies - with 40,000 private security guards - were working in the state of which 30 agencies were affiliated to the CAPSI. \"Since the inception of the Private Security Agency Regulation Act, it has become mandatory for state governments to establish training centres for private security guards with a joint secretary level official of the home department as the controlling authority,\" he said.Singh added that they had signed agreements with other states, including West Bengal, where they had already set up a camp in Jhalda to impart training to the candidates. \"Though the basic qualification is Class VIII pass, the council gives priority to school dropouts and ensures 160 hours of rigorous training as specified in the act,\" he said.CAPSI CEO Chahal, whose office is the nodal agency for implementation of the skill development council, said a sector skill council (SSC) was being set up with the objective of imparting training in 30 different sectors after which they are considered skilled labourers and entitled to the minimum wage for skilled labourer, as decided by the respective state governments.\"Though we propose to give at least Rs 10,000 to each security guard, at present we have been able to convince the private companies to give the minimum daily wage as admissible in their respective states. Moreover, the guards are entitled to group insurance, employee provident fund and pension schemes once enrolled through SSC,\" he said.The CAPSI has also proposed to train one lakh youths, through the training centre, in the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12299402", "title": "CBI to probe MLAs\u2019 role during Gopalgarh clash", "text": "JAIPUR: The special CBI court has ordered an investigation into the role of Zahida Khan, Congress MLA from Kaman constituency, Anita Singh, BJP legislator from Nagar constituency in Bharatpur district and a few others in the Gopalgarh violence that claimed 10 lives and left over 40 injured in September last year.The court on Friday also took cognizance of the chargesheet filed by CBI in connection with the violence.Counsel of the accused arrested by CBI in the case requested the court that a probe be launched against some other influential people for their role in provoking the people. Zahida Khan and Anita Singh are MLAs from two constituencies in Bharatpur and had been allegedly active in the area during and after the violence.The special CBI court of Mahendra Singhal, in an order dated March 14, directed the CBI to complete an investigation into the role of the two legislators, an advocate, a moulavi and some others, said CBI advocate Anil Sharma. The CBI had in its chargesheet left investigations pending under Section 173(8) of the CrPC against unidentified persons who were involved in the incidents.Ten persons belonging to Meo Muslim community were killed in the clashes and the police firing at Gopalgarh when two communities entered into a violent confrontation over a dispute on a piece of land on September 14, 2011. Gopalgarh police had registered nearly 20 FIRs implicating even public representatives in the aftermath the incident.As per the chargesheet, 15 people belonging to Gopalgarh, Pahari and nearby villages have been charged under Section 302 (murder), Section 307 (attempt to murder), alongside Section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging of his duties) of the IPC since a mob on September 14, 2011 had attacked the police.The CBI has also charged the accused under Section 435 of the IPC (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage) as many people had complained of damage to their agricultural produce.In the chargesheet, Section 402 of the IPC (assembling for the purpose of committing dacoity) was also added since many people complained that their shops were looted by armed persons.Other sections under which the accused were booked included Section 201(Causing disappearance of evidence of offence, or giving false information to screen offender), Section 295 (Injuring or defiling place of worship with intent to insult the religion of any class) and Section 149 (Every member of unlawful assembly guilty of offence committed in pursuance of common object) of the IPC.After the violence, the state government had suspended and chargesheeted Bharatpur collector Kunal Krishna, an IAS officer of the 2003 batch, and SP Hinglaj Dan for laxity in their duties while controlling the situation in Gopalgarh. In the chargesheet, special task force (STF) and police have been given a clean chit by the CBI. CBI has said that prima-facie it has come up that there was no negligence on part of the police and STF. Postmortem of the deceased had suggested that three of the 10 people were killed in police firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12298405", "title": "Budget 2012: Govt\u2019s assets: Rs 8.66 lakh cr", "text": "The government owns Rs.8.66 lakh crore worth of assets - about Rs.2 lakh crore of which is physical property like buildings, roads, bridges and machinery. The remaining Rs.6.66 lakh crore are financial assets - equity shares, loans and other investments. The finance minister released details of assets as part of the Budget 2012-13 documents placed in Parliament.The central government acquired physical assets worth Rs.21,879 and financial assets worth Rs.86,362 during 2010-11.The bulk of value of government's physical assets derives from land, valued at over Rs.1.2 lakh crore. Office and residential buildings owned by the government are valued at Rs.31,000 crore. The government also owns vehicles worth nearly Rs.2400 crore and office equipment worth Rs.1841 crore.Counted among its major assets are loans and advances worth Rs.2.29 lakh crore given out by the central government to state and union territory governments, companies and foreign governments.Over Rs.1.3 lakh crore is the cumulative investment by the government in the railways.The mandatory disclosure of assets by the government does not include assets belonging to the Cabinet Secretariat, central police organizations and ministry of defense, and the departments of space and atomic energy.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12299202", "title": "Tutor held for impersonating student", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old man was arrested for impersonating a Class 12 student during his CBSE accountancy exam at a public school in west Delhi.The accused has been identified as Saurav Kumar. \"A case of impersonation and cheating has been registered against him,\" said V Renganathan, additional CP (west). Saurav, who is pursuing chartered accountancy, tutored the 17-year-old student for a couple of months.Cops said Saurav was offered Rs 5,000 for the fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300457", "title": "Tied down by coalition constraints, rues Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said on Friday that political constraints reduced his ability to take hard decisions in his present stint.Mukherjee said he had to deal with political and economic challenges when he took over as finance minister and his main task was to nurse the economy back to a high growth path. Restoring the health of public finances and dealing with stubbornly high inflation were also priorities for him.\"The political constraints were that to take certain hard decisions whether it will be possible for me to get the approval of the political parties as we are having a fractured mandate,\" Mukherjee told NDTV in an interview while describing his stint as finance minister.\"Alliance partner or alliance supporter the net result is the same that I have to carry the conviction with them,\" the finance minister said when asked about the difficulties of dealing with the Communist parties and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee.Asked who posed the maximum difficulty between Mamata Banerjee and the left parties, Mukherjee said: \"It is very difficult to make an assessment.\"Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12308588", "title": "Pranab budget pragmatic: Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi may have presented a tax-free state budget to relieve people reeling under inflation, but he has no issues with the taxing Union Budget presented by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's budget presented on Friday, which he describes as a practical one under the present difficult economic situation prevailing in the country.Gogoi said: \"The Budget is the most pragmatic one under the present circumstances. The finance minister has rightly said that he has to be cruel to be kind. He had to take some harsh measures to ensure growth. The slowdown in the global economy has made an impact on our country as well and we are going through a difficult period. He (Mukherjee) had to take steps warranted by the circumstances.\" Gogoi rejected the discontent expressed in some quarters that the Budget has not been any good for the northeast.\"There are northeast-specific provisions. Not all provisions are reflected in the Budget. Recently, the finance ministry waived Rs 1500 crore loan and interest due from us. This is good for us,\" Gogoi said.On March 12, Gogoi, who also holds the state finance portfolio, presented a tax-free budget and also brought down taxes on certain items at the cost of the state exchequer for the first in his three successive terms. He said he could take this step because the state's financial position is very healthy and he can afford to keep the people out of new tax net.Meanwhile, Gogoi on Saturday met a delegation of World Bank to discuss the implementation of National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) in the state. World Bank is assisting the NRLM programme in the state. The Union Budget has made a substantial hike in the allocation in NRLM from Rs 2.65 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 35 crore.Despite the tax-free budget, Gogoi is confident of achieving a tax collection of Rs 5684.62 crore in 2011-12. The collection was Rs 5,185.99 crore in 2010-11. According to Gogoi's estimated figures, the transactions during the year will result in an estimated surplus of Rs 785.67 crore and after taking the opening deficit from current financial year into account, the next fiscal is expected to close with a deficit of Rs 293-44 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300960", "title": "Taking from poor to feed the rich: Left", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expectedly, the Left slammed the Union Budget describing it as ``regressive'' for its failure to address inflation. CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said the budget was going to increase the financial burden on aam aadmi. Yechury said that the government was taking away from the poor to subsidize the rich, and the concessions given to the corporate sector would go beyond fiscal deficit.\"There is a relief of Rs 4,500 crore in direct taxes, but there is a burden of Rs 45,000 crore in indirect taxes. This will result in increase in prices and will further burden common people,\" he said.Yechury said that instead of creating an inclusive pattern of growth, in the name of fiscal consolidation, people are being burdened.``The Budget is purposeless and directionless,'' said CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta. CPM's Brinda Karat dubbed it as anti-farmer.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12308183", "title": "Pranab remains evasive on removing Trivedi, says 'issue will be resolved soon'", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Notwithstanding the pressure being built by Trinamool Congress on Railway Minister Dinesh Trivedi issue, government today remained evasive on the question of removing him and appointing Mukul Roy in his place but expressed confidence that the \"problem\" will be resolved.\"I can't answer on the basis of contemplation. I can answer the question on the basis of fact. As and when it takes place, it will be in domain of public,\" Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee told reporters on the sidelines of a function here when asked whether the government was contemplating replacing Trivedi with Roy.Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee has been pressing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to remove Trivedi after the Railway Budget presented by him on Wednesday proposed hike in passenger fares.Asked how the government would tackle the problem that has come up with Banerjee demanding sacking of Trivedi, Mukherjee acknowledged that \"problems\" have be faced while managing a coalition government but expressed confidence that it would be resolved.\"(In) running coalition governments, sometimes we have to face these problem.... when coalition government is there, definitely there are divergent political views, divergent political approaches. We shall have to ensure these divergences converted into convergence. That is the basic phililosophy of coalition politics. We shall have to do that,\" he said.\"I am confident the problem which has come up will be resolved,\" the senior Congress leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12299251", "title": "Poll people to move lions: Panel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State Wildlife Board members on Friday unanimously resolved that opinions of residents of Saurashtra should be considered before taking any decision on the relocation of Asiatic lions to Kuno Palpur in Madhya Pradesh.The board met following a directive from the Supreme Court. The SC had directed that individual opinions of all board members from Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh should be taken and produced in the next hearing on the matter.Lavkumar Kachar, a board member, said, \"Lions in Saurashtra region belong to the people living there. These lions don't belong to the government of India or the government of Gujarat.\"He added, \"The people are important part of the biodiversity of this region. No government or any agency can take a decision without the consent of the people of the Saurashtra region. People of the region have played a major role in lion conservation.\"Kachar said that he had also referred to a report of International Union for Conservation of Nature which stated that there is zero possibility of decay of lion populace in the next 100 years.Chief minister Narendra Modi , who is the chairman of the board, narrated a story when he had visited the lion habitat in 2007. Modi narrated how people assured him that they would tackle the issue of poachers on their own, but the only pre-condition was that the CM should ensure that the lions are not shifted to any other part of the country.Such were the sentiments of the people of the area, Modi said.The board officials said that there should be a scientific research before the lions were rehabilitated to MP.Several board members also raised the issue of poaching of tigers and how the Madhya Pradesh Government has failed to save the tigers, ghariyals and even the great Indian Bustards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12299016", "title": "Man kills 27-year-old son", "text": "CHENNAI: A man killed his 27-year-old son at their house in Adambakkam early on Friday, allegedly fed up with the latter's wayward ways.Police said Mohan, 57, a BSNL employee, who often quarrelled with his son Ashwin, an autorickshaw driver, smashed the latter's head with a crowbar. While Ashwin's body was sent to the Chromepet General Hospital for autopsy, Mohan was arrested and remanded in custody.Mohan told police he had resorted to the act to save his wife and daughter and the pride of the family.Police said Ashwin constantly berated his father for not being interested in getting him married and time and again asked for his share of the property.On Thursday Ashwin came home drunk and created a ruckus about the issue and went to bed. Early next morning, Mohan killed his son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12300845", "title": "Union Budget: Agricultural sector set for revival", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The tottering agriculture sector in the state is all set for a revival with the union budget announcing a slew of initiatives that will have a direct bearing on farmers' welfare and improving farming technology.Eminent agriculture scientist Dr M S Swaminathan told TOI that the budget for the first time provides substantial allocation for irrigation and agriculture research projects. \"The 100 crore grant for Kerala agriculture university is a huge step in promoting seed research and upgrading intuitional facilities. This will help farmers a great deal in procuring new seeds which will give them better productivity with minimal use of pesticides,'' Dr Swaminathan said.Kerala agriculture university has around 1,500 scientists working on many seed research programs and is currently facing a huge deficit due to non-plan expenditure like payment of wages and pensions to its staff.According to the national sample survey around 38% of Kerala's population subsist on agriculture. But unlike north India, majority of them are marginal farmers who have farm land up to half acre and this complex distribution of land holding makes it difficult for increasing productivity.\"The budget also allocates a new national mission for food processing that will be started in order to minimize spoilage. This will also encourage youngsters in the state to take up farming. Currently there is a great mismatch between production and post- harvest technologies. The proposal to set up an Irrigation and Water Resource Finance Company and allocation 500 crore for coastal aquaculture is a welcome step,'' said Dr C Bhaskaran, professor of agriculture extension, agriculture university, Vellayani.Dr Swaminathan pointed out that the proposal to improve the effectiveness of distribution of subsidies, particularly in the case of fertilizers is a welcome step. \"The subsidy will now be paid directly to farmers' accounts. Obviously the details will have to be worked out since according to the current policy fertilizer subsidy is to be based on nutrients and not products,'' he said. Dr P N Premchandran, additional director, chief of soil cultivation state agriculture department had a word of caution on the fertiliser subsidy. \"Out of the 12 types of soil across the world, nine are in Kerala. Till now we have been doing crop-based research, mainly for paddy and coconut. But we need to concentrate on situation and soil-based research. For instance, farm soil is different in Pokkali cultivation and common paddy crop cultivation,'' he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12298967", "title": "This Sreedevi has a different tale", "text": "KOCHI: Six-year-old Sreedevi now only has her grandmother Dhanalakshmi to care for her at her home. Her mother, Sreelatha, was killed by her father on Thursday. And with her death, life has almost come to a standstill for this first standard student of St Teresa's school. At school, her name is Roobina Kasa.It was Sreelatha's dream to give her child a good education that she couldn't get, said her elder brother Anil Kumar . \"Latha was very caring about the kid and worked hard to pay her fees. She never compromised on her schooling and had admitted her to a good school. Yesterday also Sreelatha took the child to her tuition class at a nearby house before going out with Reneesh,\" he said.Anil, who works as a driver at an IT company in Kadavanthra, hopes to fulfil his sister's dream of providing good education to Sreedevi, but is not sure if he has the means as he earns only a meagre salary.\"We are planning to take her to our home and look after her along with our kids. She will get the education that Sreelatha wanted to give her. We will do everything possible to make my sister's dream come true,\" he said.Sreelatha's relatives and neighbours haven't still recovered from the shock of her death. They never thought the frequent quarrelling between Sreelatha and Reneesh would result in such a horrific ending.They remember Reneesh as a trouble maker, and used to advise Sreelatha against continuing her relationship with him. \"They both met eight years ago while she was working at a beauty parlour in Vyttila. From the beginning we were against this relationship as his background was not so good,\" said Sreelatha's cousin Radhakrishnan.The couple's neighbour, George, also said Reneesh was a trouble maker. George even suspects he is a drug addict. \"Reneesh always doubted Sreelatha's chastity and used to carry a knife whenever he came to meet her. They used to quarrel on a regular basis. Two months ago, I noticed a wound on her throat. On enquiring, she told me that Reneesh had attempted to cut her throat in front of the kid,\" George said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300608", "title": "Dual taxation bugs state tourism industry", "text": "KOCHI: With the central government stepping up service tax, Kerala's tourism industry, already weighed down by dual taxation, might find it hard to compete and survive against countries such as Sri Lanka and Singapore where hospitality industry enjoy tax discounts.The tourism industry would now have to pay a total of 25% tax, as opposed to the earlier 23%, due to the dual taxation by central and state governments. While service tax by the central government has gone up from 10 to 12%, industry would have to continue paying state's luxury tax of 12.5%.\"This budget clearly sends out hostile signals to the hospitality industry. Already the number of tourists is coming down following the global slowdown. If by any chance, the state also wishes to increase its luxury tax, it would be disastrous to the hotel and restaurant industry,\" said T Damu, vice president (corporate office) at Taj Group of Hotels.Closely aligned with the hospitality industry, tour operators would also be hit by the rise in central service tax. \"Lesser expensive country tours like in Sri Lanka or Singapore will turn out to be a better option for tourists,\" observed Sanal P Edison, manager of Kerala Tour Operators.While Kerala's 173-billion tourism industry is worried about steeper taxes affecting customer turnout, central government is hoping to gain an additional revenue of 18,660 crore through higher indirect taxes. said Tourism Minister A P Anil Kumar.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12301072", "title": "Not much on offer for internal security", "text": "Concerns over internal security has always been in focus during various discourses within the government, but the budget does not appear to match those words. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday hardly allocated anything substantial for modernizing state police forces which largely depend on the Centre to fund their schemes.The budget, however, intended to take care of well-being of central paramilitary forces by allocating Rs 1,185 crore for construction of 4,000 residential quarters for personnel who are deployed for fighting against terrorists and naxalites and also to protect Indian borders.Besides, a provision of Rs 3,280 crore for 2012-13 has also been made for construction of office buildings including land acquisition and barracks to accommodate 27,000 personnel of various forces like CRPF, BSF, ITBP, CISF and SSB.Though the overall allocation to the home ministry has seen an increase of Rs 6,767 crore from Rs 47,681 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 54,448 crore in next financial year, total assistance to states rose by merely Rs 174.96 crore including Rs 100 crore for modernization of police forces. These minor increases will affect the states' plan to procure modern weapons and sophisticated gadgets for their police forces.Surprisingly, the fund for creating special infrastructure in Maoist-affected states has seen a decline of Rs 45 crore from Rs 200 crore in the financial year 2011-12 to Rs 155 crore in next fiscal. As a result, seven naxal-affected states - Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Bihar, West Bengal, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh - will get lesser fund from the home ministry.In contrast, the Centre's ongoing effort to put in place the National Intelligence Grid (Natgrid) got Rs 364.80 crore in this year's budget, a huge jump from last year's Rs 27.96 crore. The grid is being set up to collect various kinds of data under a system which can be shared quickly through secure computerized network with security agencies as and when required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299621", "title": "Budget 2012: Ice-cream &amp; chocolate melt under tax heat", "text": "The Budget has not entirely been a sumptuous one for the food sector. Apart from a few sops announced on R&D; and agriculture that benefit the industry, consumers will have to digest an across-the-board excise duty increase, making packaged food products and ready-to-eat products costlier.The divisional chief executive (foods) of ITC, Chitranjan Dar, said there will be an impact across all food categories. \"We are now assessing the actual impact,\" he said. Dar said processed food products like biscuits used to attract different excise duties at 5% and 10%. Both have gone up by 1% and 2%, respectively.\"The hike in excise, service tax and transportation will have an impact on prices. We will have to work out the final consumer price after taking into account all these factors. However, benefits to farmers and on agriculture will be positive for the sector,\" said RS Sodhi, managing director, Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation.Reduction in basic customs duty on probiotics from 10% to 5%, would benefit the likes of Amul. But the increase in excise duty on ice-cream and flavoured milk from 1% to 2% at the onset of the summer season, may not augur well for the largest maker of ice-cream. \"We had represented to the government to remove excise on these products which are largely consumed by the children and youth. The excise duty on chocolates and malted milk food also has increased from 10% to 12%, again affecting the kids and youth,\" said Sodhi.Those who are health conscious have not been spared either. Prices of low fat spreads and margarine could go up as excise duty has been hiked by 1% to 6%. However, prices of soya food products would come down because of excise duty reduction. Dinesh Shahra, managing director, Ruchi Soya Industries, said benefits from reduction in excise duty on soya food products to 6% will be passed down to the consumer.\"A few of the positives of the budget include raising the plan outlay for agriculture by 18%, initiatives for R&D; in agriculture, allocations for improving warehousing and storage facilities for agricultural produce. All of these, executed well and on time, will address the supply side on food and agriculture that will drive domestic demand and consumption, which is one of the key priority areas,\" said Vinita Bali, managing director, Britannia Industries.As to whether this will impact growth of the Rs 2,50,000-crore food processing industry, Rasna's chairman Piruz Khambatta said: \"Food processing industry will grow in spite of the government... it will grow because people want to eat more processed foods.\"Keventer Agro MD Mayank Jalan said potato chip will cost more as there is a hike from 10% to 12%. But Nadia Chauhan Kurup, joint managing director &amp; chief marketing officer, Parle Agro, said with the season just around the corner, the company would not pass on the excise duty hikes to consumers.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303761", "title": "Is it beauty over brains for Ram Gopal Varma?", "text": "In recent times, filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma has been more often that not been tweeting about his fascination for model-turned-actor Nathalia Kaur (\"I never hid a fact that am a devotee of womans' beauty, but I haven't seen anyone more beautiful than Nathalia Kaur \").But it would seem that RGV, who says that he loves women and not just a woman, admires only beauty and not brain, going by his recent tweet that read, \"Why can't women be just beautiful and nothing else? \"The filmmaker also took the opportunity to clarify that Sunny Leone not doing the item number Dan Dan had more to do with Pooja Bhatt, who is introducing the adult star in her film. \"It's not me but Pooja Bhatt who created Nathalia because if she had agreed to Sunny 2 being there in Department, Nathalia wouldn't have been there. Whether Pooja was right in advising or whether Sunny was right in listening only time, dan dan song and my film with Rana and Nathalia will tell. And mind you that I am not saying anything against Sunny leone.. The very fact that she was my first choice proves my point and my case rests there,\" he tweeted and then added that he wants Sunny to understand how Nathalia came to be in his films. RGV also said he does not hold a grudge against Sunny and that he would love to work with her when the opportunity arises. As a parting shot, he wrote, \"But I also would like to thank Sunny Leone courtesy Pooja Bhatt because without them I couldn't have chanced upon the gorgeous Nathalia Kaur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12300513", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam in Dharwad today", "text": "DHARWAD: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam will visit the city on Saturday and take part in different programmes. Kalam will arrive by special flight at Hubli at 10am and take part in the birth centenary celebrations of renowned scientist late S W Menasinkai at the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS) Dharwad campus here at 10.45am.He will inaugurate the centenary celebrations of eminent artist D V Halbhavi and the diamond jubilee celebrations of the JSS Halbhavi School of Arts at the college premises in Kelgeri at 12 noon. The inaugural session will be followed by an interaction programmes with the selected group of students.Later, Kalam will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of noted spiritual leader Kumara Swami and unveil the statue of Swamiji at Tapovana campus at around 1.15pm. From Tapovana, Kalam will go to SDM College of Engineering and Technology (SDMCET) to take part in the 'Insignia 12' techno-cultural fest and address the students at 3.15pm. Later, the former President will proceed towards Hubli and leave for Davanagere by special flight at 4.15 pm, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300142", "title": "UT okay with budget ceiling", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration has been allotted only 12% more than last year in its plan budget, a dip from the Rs 200.71 crore more that was allotted in 2011-12. This is likely to affect the pace and fate of development projects.UT officials, however, maintained that the budget ceiling fixed by the Centre was satisfactory and the administration will not face any financial hurdle in carrying on with the works planned for the financial year.\"Sanctions for transport and education are in keeping with the estimates. There could be minor shortfalls here and there,\" said an official. The administration, however, doesn't need to worry about its non-plan expenditures as the demanded Rs 2178.78 crore has been sanctioned for meeting recurring expenses of various departments including payment of salaries.As per the budget plan, the administration will focus on municipal corporation of Chandigarh during 2012-13 in view of the emphasis on urban development. Therefore, funds to the tune of Rs 156.60 crore have been provided during annual plan 2012-13 to carry out various development works. Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12299160", "title": "Cops' long shopping list needs more funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the city under the terror radar and traffic caught in a perpetual gridlock, Delhi Police has been allocated an additional Rs 504.22 crore for modernization. The finance minister allocated Rs 3,867.33 crore for its overall operations.But it is being asked whether major initiatives proposed by Delhi Police can take off with the funds allocated. Projects in the pipeline include installation of CCTVs, integrated voice and data communication and recording system, setting up of a common integrated police application, purchase of wireless equipment for nine subdivisions and 29 police stations and upgradation of the digital trunk radio system. And with just Rs 1 crore allocated for introduction of new technology, high-ticket projects signed with the US and Israel may be struck.\"We are planning introduction of several anti-terror measures. We had been allocated Rs 25 crore to install CCTVs in six district courts. We also have to install CCTV cameras around the PM's residence. This project picked up pace after the attack on the Israeli diplomat on Aurangzeb Road,'' said an officer.Budgetary provision for developing a traffic and communication network and a model traffic system has been put at Rs 20 crore - down by Rs 82 crore from last year. But police are not worried. \"This is a gestation period and we don't need to pay anyone this fiscal,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300975", "title": "Positive reflections of Budget in state", "text": "The Union Budget for 2011-12 had sought to achieve the twin goal of economic growth combined with fiscal consolidation. The budget for 2012-13 presented by Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is remarkable for its candid admission of having failed on both counts. The growth in GDP declined from 8.4 % in 2010-11 to 6.9 %, and fiscal deficit as a percentage of GDP worked out to 5.9 % against 4.6 % envisaged in the budget.Unfavourable external economic environment like sovereign debt crisis faced by the Eurozone and political instability encountered by the Middle East on the one hand and increased liability on expenditure front including notably on account of subsidy and duty reductions to limit the pass-through of higher fuel prices to consumers have been rightly diagnosed as the major cause of such a double failure. The Budget seeks to reverse the declining trend in economic growth, maintain the momentum of social sector expenditures and yet reduce the deficit on fiscal front from 5.9 % to 5.1 % by end of March 2013.As far as Jharkhand is concerned, there are many positives which will bring desired changed in life of people of the state. The Budget is remarkable also for the number of initiatives announced which are expected to benefit directly or indirectly the state. A mega handloom cluster is proposed to be set up to cover Godda and other districts in Jharkhand and a weaver service centre is to be established in Jharkhand.With the objective of promoting market access of micro and small enterprises (MSEs), the government has approved a policy which requires ministries and central public sector enterprises to make a minimum of 20% of their annual purchases from MSEs. Of this, 4% will be earmarked for procurement from MSEs owned by SC/ST entrepreneurs. This scheme is expected to benefit a large number of such units operating in Jharkhand.Allocations for Scheduled Caste Sub Plan and the Tribal Sub Plan are proposed to be increased by 18% and 17.5%, respectively. Jharkhand, having a substantial population of SCs and STs, will benefit significantly from this proposal.A major initiative has been proposed to strengthen panchayats across the country through the Rajiv Gandhi Panchayat Sashaktikaran Abhiyan. This programme will expand on the existing schemes for panchayat capacity building. The panchayati raj institutions having since been installed in Jharkhand, the scheme will certainly come handy to the state in empowering these constitutional bodies of local self government.It is proposed to establish a Bharat Livelihoods Foundation of India through Aajeevika. It would support and scale up civil society initiatives and interventions particularly in the tribal regions covering around 170 districts. Private trusts and philanthropic organizations would be encouraged to partner with the autonomous body that will be managed professionally.- Prabal K Sen(Professor of economics area and chairperson, Entrepreneurship Development Centre (EDC), XLRI)Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "12299472", "title": "ACB raid in 48 nursing homes, colleges in state", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: As part of its state-wide campaign, the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Friday carried out raids on at least 48 private nursing homes and nursing institutes, including nine in Jaipur, on complaints of forgery and irregularities.\"We have launched a state-wide drive to check irregularities. Several complaints of irregularities were pouring in against these institutes. Action will be taken against the institutes found guilty,\" an ACB officer said.In Bikaner, ACB teams under the supervision of ASP (ACB) Ravi Dutt Gaur raided the nursing homes and institutes located in Rani Bazar, Sadulganj, Pawanpuri, Sudarshna Nagar and JNV Colony areas and seized documents and other records.ACB teams have also recorded statements of the employees and owners, who were available at the time of the raids.Chaotic scenes were observed in almost all the institutes during the raids as staff were found running here and there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12301128", "title": "Association demands Bengali teachers", "text": "DHANBAD: Jharkhand Bangla Bhasa Unnayan Samiti members on Friday held a demonstration at Randhir Verma Chowk here demanding appointment of Bengali teachers in the schools.The samiti members led by its president Bengu Thakur said none of the government schools in Dhanbad has Bengali teachers though Bengali has been granted status of official language. Fatima Khatun, the president of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha's women wing, demanded registration of documents should be done in Bengali too as the state has a sizeable Bengali-speaking population.The four-point charter of demands include appointment of Bengali teachers in all primary schools and inclusion of Bengali course in BEd colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300307", "title": "Bangalore girl hangs herself over fighting parents", "text": "BANGALORE: Depressed over life on seeing her parents regularly getting into fights, S Manjula, a second PU student of KR Puram government college allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself in her Devasandra residence on Friday.The 18-year-old took the extreme step when her parents Sriram and Lakshmamma had gone for work.\"They are daily wage workers in a construction site. Lakshmamma is Sriram's second wife. The couple fought over the same issue,\" police said. Sriram's first wife Govindamma has four children and lives in the same area. Manjula has a younger sister. \"We suspect that Manjula might have taken the step due to exam fear. But her parents strongly deny this and say she was good at studies,\" police said. According to Sriram, Lakshmamma and Govindamma often fought over financial issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "12308689", "title": "Locals fume over jailed NDFB leader's 'torture'", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The peace-loving people of Chirang district's Kwila Mwila area, who want permanent solution to concerns of both factions of the NDFB through talks, expressed resentment over the alleged physical torture of a jailed NDFB leader in Guwahati Central Jail. As per reports, B Khwlw Khwlw, assistant secretary of NDFB (Ranjan), was physically assaulted by a special central investigation team at the jail last Wednesday. Manas Sarania, lawyer of Khwlw Khwlw, said the team met the NDFB leader in Guwahati jail without informing him and he was tortured on in the jail premises during questioning.George Basumatary, a local social activist, said the people of the area watching have expressed disappointment over the act. He said the NDFB has come forward for peace talk with the government, but the torture of a jailed leader is against the democratic norms of peace proceedings. He also questioned if the indigenous people who took up arms \"against domination and exploitation\" can find no justice even in jail. It is clearly a human rights violation, he said, adding that the central government should provide equal justice and privileges to all indigenous people of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300939", "title": "Union Budget: Rural respite, little cheer for city", "text": "MUMBAI: Rural Maharashtra has probably gained more from the Union Budget than urban areas . Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan welcomed allocations for agriculture , including the Rs 300 crore for irrigation projects in Vidarbha and Rs 70 crore for the powerloom mega-cluster in Ichalkaranji, Kolhapur.As for urban areas, Abhay Pethe, head of Mumbai University's economics department, said: \"The government has been talking about growth. But where will growth come from if they don't invest in cities like Mumbai. We were expecting so much more for major projects and the budget has been disappointing for the city.\"However, MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said tax concessions would certainly help infrastructure projects. \"The Rs 30,000 crore tax-free infrastructure bonds and the Rs 10,000 crore India Infrastructure Finance Corporation Ltd bonds will benefit our infrastructure projects and make them financially viable,'' said Asthana.The budget also exempted equipment imported to build roads and bridges from import duty and reduced withholding tax on interest payments on ECBs from 20% to 5%. An official said the exemptions would reduce project costs by up to 10%.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299397", "title": "Securities Transaction Tax cut not deep enough to deliver volumes", "text": "The finance minister's move to reduce Securities Transaction Tax (STT) by 20%, from 0.125% to 0.1%, on cash delivery transactions comes as a dampener for the market as the segment accounts for a negligible portion of the total securities business.The move, which will bring down transaction cost from Rs 125 per Rs 1 lakh worth of transaction to Rs 100 would benefit only those investors who contribute about 4-5% of the total market turnover, including cash and derivatives trades on NSE and BSE together. \"This (reduction) is insignificant,\" said Kishor P Oswal, MD, CNI Research.The expectation was that STT could be totally abolished, or at least reduced across the board, including for derivatives trades, which account for about 90% of the total turnover on the bourses, and intra-day trading that contributes over 60% of daily cash portion of the total turnover. \"The small cut was disappointing. We were expecting at least 50% reduction in STT, across the board,\" said a leading broker Motilal Oswal.Market players said that a cut in the STT in non-delivery based transactions was important to bring back some volumes lost due to bad market conditions.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303319", "title": "I don't need to be politically correct: Simbu", "text": "...and if you don't like him because of that, it's OK, says actor SimbuHe's been missing from Chennai's social circuit for quite a while now. But now, he's back on the sets and is currently in the city and shooting for his upcoming Vettai Mannan. In a freewheeling chat, Simbu gets chatting about his recent US trip, how his movies are shaping up and being controversy's favourite child.You had disappeared from Chennai the last few months... I was in the US completing work on my Love Anthem. Due to the great response on the initial release and based on suggestions, I've decided to flesh it out into a full album that will consist of about six to nine songs. I'll be composing a few numbers and Yuvan will compose a couple of them. I sat on a lot of meetings with music producers, international artist coordinators and musicians and understood the working style in the US. I spoke with a few international artists as well. However, as we have not inked the deal with them yet, I cannot reveal the names right now.Did the Love Anthem take shape much before Kolaveri happened? I was always thinking on the lines of an international number and was mulling about ideas that unite the entire world. That's how the Love Anthem came up. We were actually planning to finish the entire song and then release it, but a lot of other people are thinking on similar themes as well. For instance, there was Aska Laska which also had the word 'love' in several languages. So, we cut a condensed version and released it and will soon be out with the entire number.How was your trip otherwise? It helped me introspect quite a lot. When you're in Chennai, you're always thinking about the day's work and once that's done, you tend to think about what's happening the next day. A break like this helped me immensely - it helped me understand a lot of stuff, analyse the kind of cinema I was doing and put things in perspective.You're controversy's favourite child I do understand that when you're a star, what you say matters a lot. The media is sometimes nice to me and sometimes not so nice. But, I want to be true to myself. I don't feel the need to be politically correct. I'm open and straightforward most of the time and voice out what I feel about things. If you think ill about me for that, it's OK - I'm happy that I've been true to myself.Some people try to run you down... I don't bother about them. My priority is with my fans and audiences. I respect the fans and well-wishers who have made me what I am and who continue to support me even today. 'I DON'T NEED TO BE POLITICALLY CORRECT'Reports state that your film shootings were stalled because you took off... The whole industry was in a standstill in the last couple of months due to the strike! I've kept my producers posted about my whereabouts and there were no issues with regards to my film shoots during this time.Podaa Podi, Vettai Mannan and Vada Chennai... Four songs remain to be shot in Podaa Podi; we're leaving for Macau in April to commence work on that. Otherwise, the entire talkie portion is complete. As for Vettai Mannan, we're almost done with the first half of the film and will soon move to Brazil, where most of the second half takes place. It'll be an action-oriented story that is told in a lighter vein. After these two films, I'll be doing Vada Chennai with director Vetri Maaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12303412", "title": "Mamata must give me a written request, I will quit: Dinesh Trivedi", "text": "KOLKATA: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi, who has earned his party's wrath for hiking passenger fares in the Railway Budget, was on Saturday asked by it to quit his post but he insists that Mamata Banerjee should make the demand in writing.Trinamool Congress chief whip Kalyan Banerjee, who spoke to Trivedi over telephone, asked him to resign from the railway minister's post and make a gracious exit and not wait to be sacked.Banerjee said Trivedi told him that he wanted the party's decision to be conveyed in writing by Mamata, who is also the West Bengal chief minister.The Lok Sabha Trinamool chief whip told him that it was not fair on his part to insist on party directive in writing, pointing out that when he became a minister he had not insisted in writing about it from the party leader Mamata.Banerjee said he told Trivedi that as a party man he should understand the situation and make the exit graciously when the party does not want him to remain as a minister.\"You took oath as minister because the party wanted you to do so. The party today does not want you to take oath so you should resign,\" he said.Hours after Trivedi presented his budget containing fare hike, the party was up in arms and demanded a rollback. Mamata wrote to the Prime Minister the same night seeking replacement of Trivedi with another party nominee Mukul Roy, minister of state for shipping.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and later Prime Minister Manmohan Singh are believed to have talked to Mamata and assured her that Trivedi will be removed after presentation of the Union Budget on Friday.Mukherjee told Parliament on Thursday that Mamata's communication to the Prime Minister was under \"active consideration\".Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12301002", "title": "Ackerman to call it quits", "text": "WASHINGTON: Gary Ackerman , one of the best friends of India and Indian-Americans , has announced his retirement at the end of his term in the US House of Representatives.The 69-year-old Democratic lawmaker from New York and the co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on India informed his family, staff, friends and party leaders that he wouldn't seek a 16th term of office, a statement from his office said. Ackerman's term of office will end on January 2, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300539", "title": "CIAL\u2019s MRO facility to get a windfall from budget", "text": "KOCHI: The aircraft Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) wing of the Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL) is expected to make a windfall from the budget decision to waive import duties on spares and components for third party MROs.Currently, only airlines enjoy this concession and MROs have to pay 29 to 30% duty if they were to import components or spares while servicing an aircraft, CIAL sources told TOI. The present practice is for airlines to import spares and components and hand them over to MROs that undertake their maintenance works. \"When the budget proposal to allow duty waiver for import of spares by third party MROs comes into effect, CIAL MRO will be able to offer turnkey solution to airlines, and this will certainly bring in more business,\" the sources said.Even though CIAL's 50-crore MRO is yet to be formally inaugurated, it has already started undertaking transit maintenance of aircraft of foreign airlines. It has also obtained Director General of Civil Aviation clearance for undertaking 'A' check which is mandatory for aircraft after they complete 100 days of operation.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , B udget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12299117", "title": "Security guard held for stealing Rs 2.6L from shop", "text": "PUNE: The security guard of a shop on Bhandarkar Road was arrested on Friday for stealing Rs 2.63 lakh from the cupboard of the shop using a duplicate key.The accused, Sandesh Tatyaba Sapkal (23) of Navi Peth, was identified by the key maker who made the duplicate keys for him.Senior police inspector Manohar Joshi said the manager of the retail shop, Vikrant Chavan of Dhayari, had lodged a complaint on Monday.\"The cupboard lock was not broken. The suspect had used duplicate keys. Besides, the shop owner told us that the bunch of keys had gone missing on February 28 and found after two hours the same day. We suspected the involvement of an insider.\"Police sub-inspector V N Pansare, constables Waman Jadhav and Nivrutti Argade checked several key makers in the area. Finally, a key maker at the Deccan corner recognised the keys. He was taken to the shop where he identified Sapkal.\"During interrogation, Sapkal admitted his involvement in the theft. We have recovered Rs 2.48 lakh from Sapkal. He will be in the police custody till Saturday,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12300794", "title": "Mysore ahead in LPG subsidy reforms", "text": "MYSORE: In August-2011, Mysore started to take small steps in LPG subsidy reforms as selected consumers were asked to provide customer identification. Now, the pilot project has made it to the Union Budget-2012 with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announcing to scale up and roll out the Aadhaarenabled payments for various government schemes in at least 50 selected districts in six months.A pilot project for selling LPG at market price and reimbursement of subsidy directly into the beneficiary's bank account, which was introduced first time in Mysore in August -2011, is going steadily. Presently, a section of selected customers under the project are being provided with cylinders at the point of sale through biometric system.Customers, however, are still buying cylinders at subsidized prices. About 77,000 LPG consumers from three different gas distributors, one each from three oil companies, were shortlisted for the pilot project and were asked to submit details like Aadhaar number, bank/postal account details to facilitate the initiative.Initially, there was poor response, but slowly it picked up. So far, less than 10 per cent of the selected customers are being provided with cylinders through biometric system, an official claimed. Of the total 77,000 customers selected, only 50 % of them have submitted details to the oil companies. Under the system, LPG distribution will be restricted only to customers having Aadhaar number issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) and Aadhaar number will be mandatory for all transactions relating to LPG supply.It will ensure timely delivery of refills and also prevent multiple connections and diversion of refills, official sources said. As Aadhaar has biometric details, LPG refill is being provided through biometric system. In the absence of customers at the time of delivery, any family member having Aadhaar can obtain the refills. According to Food and Civil Supplies deputy director Kumuda Girish, Mysore has about 5.3 lakh LPG customers and 28 distributors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303446", "title": "Chennaiites dressed in myraid hues at a soiree", "text": "Chennai always boasts of the most colourful people in terms of their clothing and proof is when you step out for a get-together.Such was the case at this soiree, where we had a bunch of wellturned-out Chennaiites, dressed in myraid hues that made as pretty a picture as the paintings that were on display at the event. While art talk topped their list, we also saw people discussing the budget and the impact this year as well as some of the recent film releases.With such varied conversations, people definitely had a lot to keep themselves busy. Some coolers, hors d'oeuvres and a little gossip too ensured that this event was fuelled with all the necessary fodder to make it a memorable one!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12308428", "title": "Salman Rushdie in Delhi, says fanatics cause biggest harm to Islam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two months after the Jaipur literary fiasco, celebrated novelist Salman Rushdie said on Saturday in New Delhi that a disgraceful vote bank politics is happening in India. He also said Congress miscalculated him.Addressing the India Today Conclave in New Delhi, Salman Rushdie said: \"fanatics cause biggest harm to Islam\".Rushdie said Pakistan's cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan, who was supposed to join the conclave, \"is a man from a old school who doesn't have any idea on the new-found technology like internet and emails\".Earlier, Rushdie had to cancel his visit to Jaipur in January to attend the literary fest there after Muslim organisations threatened to protest against his presence. Organisers also had to cancel his address through a video link fearing violence.The author had in January had asserted that he would come to India whenever his busy schedule permits without allowing \"these religious gangsters and their cronies in the government to stop me\" and asked the government to \"deal with it\".His presence at the conclave had prompted Imran Khan to pull out of the event.Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf party chief Khan had said that he \"could not even think of participating in any programme that included Salman Rushdie, who has caused immeasurable hurt to Muslims across the globe\".Anticipating protests, security was strengthened in and out of the five-star hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12299421", "title": "Minister Beniwal manhandled", "text": "JAIPUR: Minister for state for home Virendra Beniwal was at the receiving end of the people's ire in Tonk and he was manhandled by a mob at the district collector office on Friday. Accusing the local police of high-handedness in taking action against the accused of eve-teasing a lady teacher on Thursday, the local people surrounded the minister and manhandled him. Sources said the minister had to leave the spot after police provided him cover.According to sources, a 22-year-old girl working as a teacher at a private school sustained burn injuries when some teenagers threw burning matchsticks at her on Friday. The girl's scarf and cloths also caught fire during the eve-teasing incident. Police rounded up two teenagers after the incident. However, people accused the police of laxity.In incident happened when Beniwal was on a visit to Tonk. \"He had gone to the district collectorate office when the girl, her family members and other people came there and started shouting slogans,\" a police officer said.They wanted to meet the minister, but the police did not allow them to enter the collector's office. As soon as the minister came out, the girl and her family members surrounded and manhandled him. \"The girl lie down on the ground blocking the minister's way,\" the officer said. The minister had to leave from another door to evade the mob.The police said that no case for disruption of peace has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299152", "title": "Not a budget for the Aam Admi", "text": "NAGPUR: The Budget 2012, declared by Pranab Mukherjee , does not favour the 'aam admi', say Nagpurians. The increase in service tax from 10% to 12% and inclusion of all services, except some in the negative list, is going to hit the common man hard, people say.\"The positives that we had expected have found not place in the budget. On the contrary, our fears of price rise have been articulated by the budget,\" said Umesh Wankhede, sales manager, HDFC Life.A rise in ATC limits would have helped people to a great extent encouraging families to save more. But it has not been done. The income tax limit rise of Rs 20,000, though not much, is a welcome sign,\" Wankhede said, whose salary is in the Rs 5 to 10 lakh bracket.Homemaker Komalam Nair said that the rise in the income tax slab was marginal. \"But something is always better than nothing,\" she said.She further added that the increase in service tax was a move that was going to hit all. But the common man would be the worst sufferer. \"But what can we do? It is not in our hands,\" she complained.\"I was hoping that the cost of house hold things would decrease, but except for television sets, the cost of fridge, air conditioner all have gone up,\" said Neela Patil, lecturer at Shivaji Science College, with an income bracket of Rs 5 to 10 lakh.She also added that the rise in service taxes would lead to an overall price rise. \"Cost of living is going to increase, and there is no respite for the common man. This is not a budget for the 'aam admi'\", she said.Sudhir Chaoji, who falls in the income bracket of Rs 2 to 5 lakh, said that the budget has satisfied none. \"We expected an increase in the income tax slab by at least Rs 3 lakh. This marginal rise of Rs 20,000 means nothing,\" he said.\"The rise in service tax will turn out to be a huge loss and is bound to affect the consumers. This tax system is against the middle class, only the government is gaining out of it,\" Chaoji insisted.The rise in the prices of luxury items is acceptable, but the tax system should not deter the tax paying common man's effort to live his life normally, he said. \"The overall price rise is going to make it more and more difficult for the people to manage their families,\" Chaoji observed. Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12299929", "title": "Hike in customs duty has jewellers fuming", "text": "JAIPUR: The proposed hike in customs duty for gold in the Budget 2012 has jolted the gems and jewellery industry of Jaipur. Protesting against the government's decision, all gems and jewellery of merchants of Jaipur unanimously decided to join the three-day national strike called by the gold and jewellery federation.According to jewellers in the city, the proposed hike would not only have an impact on the export but also on the sale of gold jewellery. \"The impact on the business would be negative and it would be difficult for jewellers to sell their products. We will oppose the proposed hike,'' said Rajesh Dhamani, secretary of Jaipur Jewellers Association.Apart from the hike on customs duty, the government has proposed a tax deduction at source (TDS) on sales worth Rs 5 lakh or more. \"This means on purchase of jewellery worth Rs 5 lakh, the customers would have to pay Rs 20,000 extra which will have a heavy impact on the sales,'' Dhamani said.According to sources, the import of gold by city-based jewellers had increased manifold during the last year and the hike in customs duty of gold would have a major impact on the imports, specially for the small-time jewellers.On the other hand, imposing a customs duty on polished gems stones will benefit the local industry. \"There are several jewellers who imported polished gems from Taiwan, Hong Kong and China. As the government will now impose custom duty on these, jewellers would opt to buy it from the city itself, the market for which is huge here,'' said Pankaj Soni, a city jeweller.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300396", "title": "Budget faces flak from all sections", "text": "KANPUR: The Union Budget presented by the finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in the Parliament on Friday has hit the 'aam admi' hard. Locals, industrialists and traders didn't find the budget impressive and progressive.Soap IndustryMickey Manchanda, president, UP Soap Association and owner, PSM Soaps, said the hike in the tax slab of exemption from Rs 1.80 lakh to Rs 2 lakh will not benefit the service class people much. \"The budget has not given anything to the masses. The increase in excise duty and service tax will put pressure on the consumers who will only end up paying the extra amount. Not only this, the industrialists will also be at a loss. Our demand for hiking the exemption limit of excise duty from Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 5 crore has not been addressed to in the budget, which is a setback to the industrialists like us.\"Steel IndustryYogesh Agarwal, co-owner of Rim Jhim Ispat (steel industry), expressed disappointment over the budget. \"The budget has disappointed the steel industry. It is not as per our expectations. This budget will add to the prevailing inflationary situation. The hike in the excise duty and service tax will put burden on the consumers,\" he said. As the steel may become costlier, the builders might not be able to provide cheaper accommodations to the people interested in buying homes.Small-scale IndustrySunil Gupta, state president, Provincial Industries Association (PIA), expressed concern over the fate of small-scale industries. \"The small-scale industry has been the backbone of Indian economy for years as it absorbs the maximum number of unskilled labourers, but this industry has given nothing to this industry. The limit of excise exemption has not been increased despite our demand for the same. We wanted that the excise exemption which is presently Rs 1.5 crore for the small-scale industries should be increased to Rs 5 core but this has not been done,\" said Gupta.Cement IndustryUnlike others, Ajay Saraogi, chief financial officer (CFO) J K Cement Limited, termed the Union Budget as a good one. \"It is a reasonably good budget. Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has tried to control the inflation by taking some good measures. As far as the cement industry is concerned, the budget is leaving no impact and therefore, there is nothing to worry,\" Saraogi said. He added that cement industry is poised towards growth and infrastructural development.Heath IndustryThe health services are all set to become costly. The increase in the service tax will result in rise in cost of treatment. The medical fraternity of the city said that finance minister Pranab Mukherjee could have passed on more benefits to the people. Treatment at both - government and private hospitals will become costly, thus affecting the common man.Meanwhile, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, kirana associations and jewellery associations also termed the Union Budget as dull and unimpressive. The officials of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal said the budget is not 'public friendly'. Gyanesh Mishra, general secretary of the mandal, said, \"The government has put burden on common people by increasing the service tax from 10% to 12% and the excise duty. This would make commodities costly. Also, the marginal increase in the exemption of tax slab from Rs 1.80 lakh to Rs 2 lakh is something not very praiseworthy. We were expecting that this exemption would go up to Rs 3 lakh but this did not happen.\"Rakesh Agarwal, president, Kirana Merchants' Association, also flayed the budget. \"This budget will only fuel the inflation. Nothing has been done by the government to reduce inflation. The hiked service tax and excise duty will burden the people. We as traders will be bound to pass on the increased taxes onto consumers,\" said Rakesh Agarwal.Pushpendra Jaiswal, president, Akhil Bhartiya Swarankar Vikas Parishad, said the budget is not a benefitting one and would not prove advantageous for the traders. Jaiswal was unhappy over the increase in service tax and said that this would make gold and jewellery more costly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12292100", "title": "'Band Baaja Baraat' to be made in Tamil", "text": "It looks like 'Band Baaja Baraat' is coming south!Yes, Aditya Chopra has floated a south division in his production house and is apparently keen on remaking some of its successful Hindi films in Tamil and other south Indian languages.And the first movie that is going to be remade is 'Band Baaja Baraat'. Rafiq Gangjee, the company's spokesperson, confirms the news saying, \"For now, we are seriously looking at making Band Baaja Baraat in the south but nothing has firmed up.\"Sources say that this movie is likely to be made in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada and they are apparently looking at new faces to star in it. The rumour is that 'Bunty Aur Babli' and 'Dil To Pagal Hai' may get remade in the south.It looks like many filmmakers from the south have been approaching the makers for remake rights but they have not sold them. And considering many south Indian movies are successful in Hindi, they may have decided to remake these hit Hindi films in south Indian languages themselves.Many Mumbai producers have realized the potential of the south Indian market and have forayed into it with fervour. Ask the Chopras' spokesperson if the company is looking at remaking any south movies in Hindi currently and he says, \"No, we are not looking at any south Indian film remakes. No such project has been identified.\"Corporates come to chennaiAnil Ambani: Osthe Hindujas: Billa 2 Lullas: Rana, Kochadaiyaan Ronnie Screwvala: Deiva Thiirumagal, Vettai, Masala Cafe, Vazhakku Enn 18/9 Fox Star: Engaeyum Eppothum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300105", "title": "Kingfisher cancels 30 flights in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: With passengers unwilling to fly and pilots protesting against a delay in payment of their salaries, Kingfisher Airlines' flight cancellations continue to go up.On Friday, the airline cancelled 30 flights to and from Mumbai. According to airport officials, 17 arriving flights and 13 departures from Mumbai were called off.International flights are also on the cancellation list, which includes one to London. A day earlier, Kingfisher cancelled around 20 flights. And it is feared that flights on the Mumbai-London and Mumbai-Hong Kong routes may be withdrawn. \"The airline has stopped direct flights to most tier-II cities. Flyers, particularly business class travellers, will return only if the airline shows some stability,\" a travel agent from Fort said.The crisis was likely to take a worse turn next week as many more pilots plan to quit or not attend work if their salaries were not paid, a source said. \"Despite an assurance by the airline chairman, pilots are doubtful and need to see some action on the part of the management. The airline will run into serious trouble if more pilots quit,\" a senior airline official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306808", "title": "I prayed for Sachin's Century: Veena Malik", "text": "As Sachin scores the poppa of all tons against Bangladesh, Veena Malik and some of the hotshot cricket lovers share their jubilation with us...Veena MalikI'm a Pakistani, but I have prayed for a long time for this moment. Sachin Tendulkar doesn't belong to any nation, caste or creed. His game is adored by the cricket lovers all across the world and I am a super-duper fan of Tendulkar! We are blessed to have witnessed the magic of the man because such historical moments happen just once or twice in a lifetime! I'm on top of the world and I want to share my happiness with the world.Mandira BediI was glued to the TV throughout! I wish it wasn't against a weaker opponent like Bangladesh. But then, I'm also heaving a sign of relief! It was coming for a long time, and it had become a national obsession! Now life can go on! But, it's definitely incredible stuff and it will be remembered for years to come. People will discuss as to who was the bowler against whom Sachin scored his 100th ton.Kashmera ShahThat's awesome, man! Sachin is a man, who ought to be serenaded well and proper by the world at large! He's done the nation proud by achieving this feat! And all those who are trying to run him down, saying that it was against a weak opponent, must try and play at least one Bangladeshi bowler on the cricket ground first. It's easier said than done!Shonali NagraniNow I hope all those detractors, who were slamming Sachin for not being in form, will now shut up for good! But then, whenever people cast aspersions on Sachin's abilities, he goes out and proves them wrong in style! It was not just the historical ton, but also the best selection of shots that one got to witness yesterday. People will not forget that for years!Prashant VaidyaIt's a great moment, and those who have known Sachin personally, will vouch for the fact that the man is simply great - on and off the field! Of course, celebrations will begin all over the country. But, now we are waiting for Sachin to come back to India, so that we can have a great celebration in Mumbai!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12301341", "title": "Women self-help groups get a pat from United Nations adviser", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Inaugurating the 21st annual general meeting of the Damodar Mahila Mandal, the biggest self-help group federation in eastern India at Barhi on Friday, Govind Kelkar, adviser, United Nations , Asia, exhorted the women present there to continue with their fight for equality with men and once they achieve this they will rule in every sphere of life.She said 84% women in rural India work in the field and play a dominant role in increasing food production, but they do not have the right to their land and bulk share of the produce of foodgrains.\"Once they achieve their goal of getting economic rights and have their hold over land, they will be recognized in this male-dominated country for their dignity and strength,\" said Kelkar.She termed the huge gathering of rural women at the DMM as \"revolutionary\". She was happy to learn that women are ready to assist men and are demanding roads, food, drinking water and health care as their right.There are in all 907 SHGs formed by the DMM consisting of 13,175 women and providing employment to 7,002 families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12305356", "title": "Pak panel records statement in 26/11 Mumbai terror attack case", "text": "MUMBAI: The 8-member judicial commission from Pakistan, here to record statements of four key witnesses in the November 26 Mumbai terror attacks case, on Saturday took down the versions of the investigating officer and two doctors (who had conducted post-mortem of victims).The proceedings were held in-camera before the chief metropolitan magistrate S S Shinde for the second day on Saturday. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, who headed the prosecution in 26/11 trial, was also present.The commission recorded the statement of senior inspector Ramesh Mahale, who had investigated the terror attacks case. Sources said that Mahale told the commission how the lone surviving Pakistani terrorist, Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab , was overpowered by police at Girgaum Chowpatty during the attacks. Mahale also spoke of incidents in which Kasab had shot at people and policemen, killing some and injuring many others.Mahale also told the commission that Kasab had disclosed his role in the terror attacks voluntarily, and given a confession before a magistrate here.Kasab was awarded death sentence by a Mumbai court and his appeal is pending before the Supreme Court.Later, the commission recorded the statements of the two doctors who conducted autopsies of 26/11 victims and the nine slain terrorists, before winding up the proceedings.The commission had on Friday recorded the statement of magistrate R V Sawant-Waghule who had taken on record Kasab's confession soon after his arrest. Waghule told the panel that Kasab had confessed to his role in attacks and had said that he and nine others had been sent by Lashkar-e-Taiba to unleash terror in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303883", "title": "Asin honoured by Kerala government", "text": "Looks like Asin, apart from entertaining the audience with her performance in films, is also inspiring youngsters along the way. This explains why the Kerala government has chosen to honour her this year!An excited Asin tells us, \"The Kerala government is honouring me with an award for my achievements and success in my field, and for being an inspiration for young women.\"That's not all. The Kaavalan girl will also be addressing a prestigious conclave this year. \"I've been invited by the US Counsel General Peter Haas to speak at the Second Annual Young Change Makers Conclave, which is being hosted by the United Nations Informational Centre for India and the US Consulate. I feel honoured to be speaking at this conclave, which was addressed by Sashi Tharoor last year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300056", "title": "3 of 4 multi-level parking lots forgotten", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In its plan to make Sector 17 a no-vehicle zone, UT architecture wing had suggested four multi-level parking lots at each side of the sector. But till now, work has started on only one multi-level parking and no planning has been made regarding the remaining three lots. And if all goes well, it will take two years for the parking, on which work has started, to come up.According to the parking wing of MC, there are around 15 parking lots in Sector 17 which are under the direct control of the civic body and over 15,000 vehicles are parked there on a daily basis.An official of the civic body said, \"There are a few chunks of land, like circus ground, area near RBI and Hotel Shivalikview, which can be temporarily used for parking. But as these too won't be sufficient, multi-level parkings should be constructed at the earliest. We can't do anything on our own in this regard, unless directed by the Chandigarh administration.\" Of the remaining three multi-level parking lots, one was planned around seven years ago, but at present it's in litigation.Every day, thousands of people visit Sector 17, also known as the heart of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12298823", "title": "Engineering student dies under school bus", "text": "NAGPUR: A third year engineering girl student was crushed under a school bus on Lata Mangeshkar Medical College road near CRPF gate on Friday morning.Krutika Sherekar (21) was riding pillion while her aunt Aarti Kasulkar was driving when the vehicle rammed into their Honda Activa.Eyewitnesses claimed the killer vehicle was a school bus of Yashodha public school. \"The victims were taking a turn towards the college when the yellow school bus hit them. Krutika fell on the right side and was crushed under the rear wheels of the bus while Aarti fell on the opposite side,\" said an eyewitness.On the basis of statements given by eyewitnesses, MIDC police have so far registered a case against the school bus. Cops are still trying to get the registration number of the killer bus.Krutika succumbed to her head injuries on the spot while Aarti, a lecturer at Lata Mangeshkar Medical College, is stated to be in critical condition at a private hospital. \"Krutika was not well and hence she decided to go with Aarti for a check-up. Aarti picked up Krutika from her Ayodhya Nagar residence while on way to office,\" said Rajendra Ingle, a relative.\"Father Rajendra, a senior clerk at Narkhed district office, and mother Kalpana said they had been very happy with her performance in studies. They were very confident about her selection in the coming campus interviews,\" said Ingle. Krutika's younger brother Saurabh is a standard X student.Counted among the toppers of her chemical engineering branch, Krutika had scored 94% in her SSC and was also a topper in HSC. She had been selected for training by a reputed private company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "srinagar ", "code": "12298178", "title": "J&K; terrorists threaten journalists", "text": "SRINAGAR : Seven militants groups have issued fresh life threatening warning to the valley based journalists and local newspaper owners for what they called \" interest-based biased reporting\" and ignoring sufferings of people of Kashmir .According to local news agency KNS, the members of Tehreek-e-Shariat Islami, Save Kashmir movement, Al Nasreen , Al-Arfeen , Al-mansoorian Jehad-ul-Islam , Askari and Al-Jabar held meeting under the chairmanship of Abdullah Ghaznavi of Lashkar-e-Taiba outfit and said: \"journalists have been warned to remain away from security agencies and police officers . Journalists should stop strengthening the occupation and instead highlight the pain and suffering of kashmiris due to oppressive state sponsored policies .\"Quoting the statement of the militant outfits, KNS said : \"Accusing Some media men are working on the pay-rolls of state and Indian government machinery . The militant outfits warned of strict action for anti-freedom movement journalism.\"The agency further said that the militants further warned the local dailies for putting out images and headlines of few Indian -sponsored personalities on their front pages for their own vested interests. \"If journalists continued to work for Indian security agencies , there will be life threatening consequences . They would be responsible for their deeds,\" the agency quoted militants' statement .\"We are not living as far as seven seas . we would fight to protect the sacrifices made by our hundreds of fighters . Nobody should misconstrued our farsightedness as our weakness,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "12308446", "title": "'India ready to resolve maritime row with Bangladesh bilaterally'", "text": "DHAKA: India today agreed to discuss all issues, including maritime disputes, with Bangladesh bilaterally, amid efforts by the two neighours to take their relationship to a new level.Pankaj Saran, the new Indian envoy in Dhaka, today met Foreign Minister Dipu Moni and underlined India's commitment to work with Bangladesh bilaterally on all issues that affects their ties.\"India would love to continue to discuss those issues bilaterally...even today we had healthy and productive dialogue with the foreign minister,\" Saran said told reporters after the meeeting.Earlier this week, Bangladesh's foreign ministry claimed victory in its vexed maritime dispute with Myanmar at a UN tribunal, giving it crucial rights on outer Continental Shelf in the Bay of Bengal.\"We have achieved more than what we expected,\" Moni said on March 14, reacting to the verdict given by the International Tribunal for Laws of the Sea (ITLOS) at Humburg in Germany.A separate case has also been filed by Bangladesh against India with another European court in the Netherlands and the verdict is likely to come up in 2014.Responding to questions on the UN Tribunal's verdict as Bangladesh has identical disputes with India, the Indian envoy said \"all issues were on the table of discussion\".\"I conveyed to the honourable foreign minister that it (verdict against Myanmar) was an important decision. And we look forward to working with Bangladesh bilaterally on the issues that affects Dhaka and New Delhi,\" Saran said.Bangladesh in 2010 decided to go for international arbitration in line with the provisions of UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) as the ongoing discussions with India and Myanmar could not yield the expected results.Dhaka earlier said it has kept the option open for solving the dispute bilaterally even though it sought the resolution in the international tribunal as negotiations over the past several decades had failed to yield results.The German-based International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (ITLOS) verdict on the dispute with Myanmar largely came in Bangladesh's favour on the basis of 'equitable' solutions.Bangladesh has been pursuing the same 'equitable' solution formula with India, which has been advocating equidistance formula that limits Bangladesh maritime area in the Bay of Bengal.The bilateral political and economic relations between India and Bangladesh has seen unprecedented improvement since the Awami League-led government under Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina was formed in 2009. The two governments have underlined their determination to take their ties to unprecedented level in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12302257", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Desi daru dull, foreign brew on a high", "text": "Tax hikes have taken the punch out of the liquor industry. Excise duty hike on packaging and service tax increase on bottling charges will impact the profit margins of makers of local alcoholic beverages, forcing some to explore price increases. A 2% rise in excise duty on packaging material also comes on the back of the recent 8% spike in the cost of glass bottles.Initial estimates suggest that the country's largest liquor marketer, United Spirits Ltd, may be impacted to the extent of Rs 50-55 crore annually . But it's the smaller companies that may opt for price hikes as the latest blow coincides with volatile costs of the key ingredient - extra neutral alcohol. Industry executives, however, say a price hike may not be easy as governments determine the consumer price in some of the bigger states.There's some cheer for imported spirits, though. The overall tax regime on imports will drop to 150% from 161% following the removal of additional duty. This could lower the price of Chivas Regal 12 Year and Johnnie Walker Black Label by about Rs 200-250 per bottle in Delhi.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300132", "title": "Gold price increase has a silver lining", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With gold and platinum prices touching the sky after the Budget was presented, it seems silver jewellery will now be the choice of many, as it will be fully exempt from excise duty. Residents feel it is now time to bring back the trend of silver jewellery, pocket friendly and stylish.Falak Sharma, a fashion designer and resident of sector 22 said, \"Gold has already reached Rs 27,000 for 10gram and now when more hike is in the offing, it will be totally out of people's reach. Silver is the only option now.\"Seema Kumar, a teacher cum resident of sector 47 said, \"It is time for designers to start designing silver jewellery, as it is cheap and will remain so at least for another one year.\" Raina Dhawan, a housewife and resident of sector 37 said, \"Gold prices are so high that maximum number of people will not be able to buy it. Silver is not a bad option at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300453", "title": "Budget 2012: University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad gets Rs 50 crore", "text": "Karnataka has something to cheer about in the Union budget on Friday. There's a Rs 50 crore special grant to the University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad as well as Rs 10 crore to Siddharth Vihar Trust of Gulbarga for development and research. The grant comes as a morale booster for UAS, which is celebrating its silver jubilee this year.An elated UAS vicechancellor RR Hanchinal told TOI the money will be used to establish a Raitha Jnanabhivruddhi Kendra to enhance knowledge of farmers and to provide permanent basic amenities for the annual Krishi Mela which attracts over 6 lakh visitors every year. He said the varsity also plans to encourage food processing technology in the region by introducing a degree course in food science and technology.\"Improvement in quality of teaching and research, development of infrastructure in our colleges are other priorities,'' he added The College of Agricultural Sciences was established in 1947 in Dharwad and it was under the University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore till 1986. The UAS Dharwad has an agricultural sciences college, agriculture marketing college, home science college and PG courses at the Dharwad campus while in Bijapur and Hanumanahatti (Haveri district) it has agriculture colleges.It also has a college of forestry science at Sirsi in Uttara Kannada district. The jurisdiction of UAS-Dharwad has become small following the establishment of the Horticulture University at Bagalkot and Veterinary University at Bidar. Siddharth Vihar Trust, Gulbarga will use the funds to establish a Pali language Research Centre. The trust actively promoted by Union labour minister M Mallikarjuna Kharge has established the Buddha Vihar in Gulbarga on 70 acres. The trust plans to take up research in Pali. The language is acknowledged as the language of the earliest surviving Buddhist scriptures, as compiled in the Pali Canon or Tipitaka. Pali literally means 'sacred text'.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12298824", "title": "Pranab\u2019s gift to Andhra Pradesh handloom industry fails to weave magic", "text": "GUNTUR: Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's gift of a mega handloom cluster for Guntur and Prakasam districts has failed to bring cheer among weavers who are in the grip of an industrial crisis.Several such experiments have failed to deliver in the past and weavers in Prakasam district's Chirala and Mangalagiri in Guntur district have their reservations about the usefulness of the mega cluster announced in the Union Budget on Friday.A handloom development cluster has been operating at Chirala for the last six years and was one of two such facilities granted to the state by the Centre under a pilot project in 2006. The other cluster is located at Madhavaram in Kadapa district.Under the mega cluster project, about Rs 70 crore would be spent on basic infrastructure to procure looms and raw material for the weavers.\"It might work like a factory where the weavers are paid wages and given other benefits depending on their skills,\" said a senior textile department official.The proposed cluster is being seen as a move to appease junior textiles minister Panabaka Lakshmi, the MP from the handloom hub of Chirala.Handloom industry watcher Vangara Sridhar pointed out that none of the schemes launched to complement the existing handloom cluster have been successful with a mere 1,500 benefiting out of an active workforce of close to 25,000 weavers.\"The weavers need to be exposed to new techniques and pick up effective marketing skills, but the government is wasting funds to help only the contractors,\" said master weaver Godugula Gangaraju of Chirala.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303081", "title": "Prabhuvinte Makkal is based on a real person", "text": "Documentary film maker Sajeevan Anthikkad's first attempt at a feature film - Prabhuvinte Makkal - is currently in its production stage.Starring veteran actor Madhu, Vinay Forrt, Swasika and a host of supporting actors, it tells the story of the making of an atheist; a modern day Buddha, in short. \"The story is loosely based on the life of someone who existed in real life, who was known for his atheist views,\" says Vinay Fortt, who plays the central character called Sidhartha.\"Sidhartha is rich, intelligent and has everything he could wish for, but one day, he loses interest in everything worldly and embarks on a journey to places like Rishikesh and the Himalayas. He starts off as a seeker of truth and returns a hard core atheist. The only thing he believes in is reality, at the end.\"The film also tries to convey a message to society, about the truth about self-proclaimed human Gods. The movie starts off in the eighties, and portrays the lead character through a span of around 20 years of his life, up till year 2012.But the movie is no art film, despite its philosophical theme, points out Vinay. \"It has several songs in it and also stars actors like Kalabhavana Mani and Salim Kumar, albeit in a very different kind of role each.\"Salim Kumar plays a farmer who has specific views about God and religion, while Kalabhavan Mani plays a police officer. The team does not have a fixed release date as yet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12299837", "title": "Precious gold makes women cry", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents were disappointed as the Union finance minister announced the hike in home appliances like refrigerators and ACs, gold jewellery and branded ornaments. Branding it a hopeless decision, they claimed that this will dig a hole in their pockets.Reacting to the hike in rates of home appliances Dr Jaipal Singh, who is a dentist and resides on Mohar Singh Nagar said, The governments decision will leave a big hole in our pockets since we cannot avoid buying air conditioners or refrigerators. The government should have reduced the prices instead of increasing them.His wife Dr Jasmine is very disappointed with the increase in gold prices. In our parents time they used to buy gold jewellery in advance for their kids marriages but it is difficult to even think about it. I think the government wants women to wear only silver jewellery. What else should we make of the 3% excise duty imposed on the import of pure gold, she said.However, businessman Pankaj Sharma of Udham Singh Nagar, claimed that the budget is a hit at common man. The root cause of the problem is increase in the rate of excise duty. We were expecting the government to reduce this duty, but they have let us down. Home appliances are a necessity and it is going to be a strain on people to spend on them, he said, adding that things will become worse because inflation rate would increase.Ashu Sharma, a homemaker said, Women feel incomplete without wearing gold ornaments but the sky rocketing have made it difficult for us to even think about it. How will middle-class families plan for their daughters weddings?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12299168", "title": "Union Budget: Nothing encouraging for economists, agriculturists", "text": "LUCKNOW: Economists and agriculturists have found \"nothing encouraging\" for agriculture in the annual budget 2012. Though there are some provisions which might be of some help to farmers, there is nothing, which could boost the agriculture production, research, storage, marketing and distribution.Sudhir Panwar, president Kisan Jagriti Manch, said that the budget has provision of Rs 1,000 crore for second green revolution in eastern areas, which includes some part of eastern UP along with seven other states, but how much it will benefit Uttar Pradesh is a big question. The increased credit outflow of Rs one lakh crore which is now Rs 5,75,000 crore may be of some help in form of private agricultural investment through Kisan Credit Card, but UP also lagged behind in this scheme in comparison to several states due to limited penetration, he added. \"The finance minister allocated money for various agriculture universities and economic institutes, but none are from UP. Also, there is no scheme for the principal crop sugarcane. There is an increase of 13% in irrigation scheme, but in UP the past experience shows that it has been marred by corruption and cost escalations,\" he said.Economist Prof Muhammed Muzammil said that traditionally the budgets in India had been focusing on agriculture, as it has been the mainstay of the workers and food supplier. But, since the implementation of economic reforms, agriculture has been pushed to a back seat and the Budget 2012 is no exception.A piecemeal approach has been adopted in addressing the agricultural sector, he said. \"Farmers may get some benefit of the 18% increase in agricultural outlay and increase in the production of urea and other chemical fertilizers as this is the most important input after irrigation.However, he added, since in UP, farmers are small borrowers, they do not stand much to gain by raising the provision of finance for loans in agriculture to 5.75 lakh crore, but they will surely benefit by the 3% rebate, if they pay the loans timely. Enhanced allocation to Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) will help the farmers in UP in general as most of the agriculture here depends on irrigation.Prof Himanshu Rai, IIMLucknow, said, \"It is a lacklustre budget with very little vision. However, the only good thing is 18% increase in allocation of agriculture; but it needs to be supported by a robust distribution system.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303706", "title": "Rana Daggubatti's hot makeover", "text": "One Tollywood actor who has instantly become a poster boy is Rana Daggubati.The actor, who was to have made his Kollywood debut with Vada Chennai but opted out due to date issues, is sporting a brand new sexy avatar, where he shows off a fullytoned body to impress the girls.\"This is my look for the new Telugu film Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum, directed by Krish (of Vaanam fame), which I've been busy with lately,\" says Rana, talking about this new toned physique of his that won him applause.Ask him if a lot of work went into this look and he readily says, \"Yes, it took me quite a lot of hard work, and time, but I must admit that it was quite a lot of fun too.\"Rana will next be seen in a Telugu film that will be directed by Ram Gopal Varma, in which he will be paired opposite Nathalia, the item dancer from the Bollywood film Department.The actor has maintained that he will look towards making a debut in Tamil shortly and he's been in talks with filmmakers including Selvaraghavan. \"It is just a matter of time, Tamil films are very much on my priority list,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12298131", "title": "Jaya Bachchan back in Mulayam camp", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jaya Bachchan has decided to be Samajwadi Party (SP) MP again, putting the first family of Bollywood back in the Mulayam Singh Yadav camp after two years when the ties had soured over Amar Singh.The actress on Friday filed her nomination for the Rajya Sabha on a SP ticket, marking an irony after she had turned down the offer two years ago.Mulayam's keenness to revive the association with Big B was evident in SP reportedly redrawing its candidates' list to replace Arvind Kumar Singh with Jaya Bachchan. Sources said industrialist Anil Ambani played a role in restoring the relations.Ambani and Jaya Bachchan flew to Lucknow to attend the swearing-in ceremony of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday. With Mulayam back in power, it marks the revival of old 'Mumbai group' minus the bridge Amar Singh.SP spokesman Rajendra Choudhary, however, played down Jaya Bachchan's renewed ties with the party. \"She never went out, she has been member of our SP national executive. She had turned down nomination last time, but that's fine.\"Mulayam has valued his relationship with the Bachchan family, having effectively used it to bolster his image among the middle class and also to draw mileage from a big brand like Big B. The association broke when Amar Singh fell out with Mulayam in 2010. Seen as the link between Amitabh and Mulayam, his departure had led to souring of relations.The high-profile split happened when Jaya Bachchan was in the last leg of her Rajya Sabha tenure. While Amar expected her to quit, she refused to heed his call, insisting that she wanted to finish her term.While SP re-nominated Jaya Bachchan in May, 2010, Singh taunted her for betraying him. That another cine queen Jaya Prada stayed loyal to him, exiting SP camp alongside, led to unpleasant comparisons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12301290", "title": "District school superintendent's plea to police to probe rape bid on minor", "text": "DHANBAD: District superintendent of education (DSE) Madhuri Kumari on Friday asked women police to investigate the incident of kidnapping and attempt of rape on a minor girl at the City Centre a day before.The girl was kidnapped while on her way to school and taken to the rooftop of the City Centre, a major commercial centre in town, on Thursday.The DSE told TOI here on Friday that she had requested inspector of Mahila police station Mamta Kumari to investigate the case. \"Parents of the girl are very scared of lodging an FIR as they apprehend threat to their lives,\" she said.The girl, a student of Class VI in BSS Middle School, was going to school from her residence at Baramudu. \"Although there were six girls with her, none came to her rescue,\" Kumari said. A motorcyclist came to the girl and told her, \"Your English teacher is looking for you. Soon the girl started screaming for help, but the City Centre guard also did not come to help her.According to the DSE, the girl's mother is engaged in the kitchen of the school to prepare the midday meal and her father is a street vendor. Dilip Kumar Karan, the principal of the school, said he wanted to inform police to lodge an FIR, but the girl's mother prevented it saying the minor would be in danger.Kumari said she also met the girl's mother and pressed her to file an FIR, but she declined.The girl said she would be able to recognize the culprit. According to the DSE, this was the third incident of this kind near the City Centre, where minor girls had been targeted in the past few months.The DSE said she had also requested police to be vigilant during the school hours and escort the girls to the school and back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12293493", "title": "Rekha to join Madhuri?", "text": "Bollywood's original diva is close to being finalised to judge a dance reality show alongside the \"Dhak Dhak\" girlThat Madhuri Dixit Nene will once again be a judge on the dance reality show \"Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa\" is known, but what's not is that the channel had been trying to get Rekha to be a co-judge on the show as well.The original diva of B-Town was initially reluctant to take up the show, but now it seems she is interested. Initial talks have taken place but she is yet to sign the contract. The deal is expected to be finalised some time next week.Divulges a source from the channel, \"We had to really pursue Rekha and she has finally agreed to be a part of the show. Things are almost finalised and we are looking forward to having her sign the contract soon. We are keeping our fingers crossed, as her presence will really boost the show. Stand up comedian Krushna Abhishek and Kavita Kaushik aka Chandramukhi Chautala are likely to host the show.\"While Rekha was unavailable for comment, this is not the first time she has been approached to do a TV show. In the past she was offered other reality shows and even a serial, but she declined the same. This time, she seems keen. We wonder if it's an offer that's too good to resist?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306719", "title": "I'm honoured touring India, says David Guetta", "text": "His brand of House music is a definitive party anthem and his mass popular following a testament to the fact that he is the undisputed No. 1 DJ in the world - he is David Guetta . We caught up with the French DJ-producer, minutes before he brought the house down with his gig in Delhi.Your first trip to India and your first performance - what was going through your mind when you landed in Delhi?I was and I still am so amazed, with the people, the culture, the roads, the infrastructure, everything. In fact, I'm sure, the cabbie who took me to my hotel would have been thinking that I'm a crazy guy, because I asked him so many questions - but I can't help it, everything here is so intriguing. How you people live, your religion and your habits, I really don't know much, and that's the reason I'm so curious about India. I've travelled so much in my life, but to go to a country and not know what to expect at all is a very new feeling. I've no idea what to expect on stage tonight. I don't know how big electronic music is in India.Are you surprised to see your huge fan following in India?Honestly, I'm very much surprised. I met people who knew my songs and I was very happy to know that. You know what we hear is that you guys are all about Bollywood and Hindi film music; I didn't know that there was space for an artist like me. I am very happy that I'm finally touring India, in fact I'm honoured.Anything special that you have in mind for your Indian fans?I'm a DJ, so my main focus is on my interaction with people through music, and then I adapt accordingly. My mission is to make people go crazy, and I would follow that here too. I'll do my best to make them crazy.You've collaborated with music royalty across genres. What's in store for future now?I have my new record coming up soon. My latest single is with Nicki Minaj . To be honest, in 2012, instead of collaborations, I'm hoping to discover a new artiste that no one knows.Could that artist be Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra , who you met at the Grammies?I wouldn't like to comment on any collaborations as of now.But you did meet her. How was the meeting?Yes, I met her at the Grammies, she was with a friend of mine. She is so beautiful. I've heard she is a huge star here. It was lovely meeting her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306464", "title": "Star producers surely make impact, says Govind Nihlani", "text": "Noted film maker Govind Nihlani commenting on the film stars jumping into the bandwagon of producing films, says, \"that there is nothing wrong with a star producer hogging the limelight for a film since they cannot take away the due from a director.\"\"Jis director mein dum hai use milta hai. But the stars always dominate everywhere. If we take the example of 'Mission Impossible' by the time it became 'Mission Impossible 4' Tom Cruise is a partner in the film,\" he says.\"The star now realises its brand equity which they are now encashing which I feel is not wrong. Another marked feature today is marketing. It is the most important thing since all the game is what you do in the first weekend. With Salman Khan films setting the new standard of 100 crores in the first three weeks if you don't reach that bench mark then you are not there,\" says Nihlani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299191", "title": "Budget steps on gas, Kolkata fastens subsidy belt", "text": "KOLKATA: Cut down on your monthly LPG use before the government limits the supply of subsidized cooking gas. Or you may choose to rearrange your family assets among various members - for instance, house in your name, car in your father's name - because the Centre proposes to limit subsidized cooking gas supply to those who have their names on the I-T list or own a house, a car or a two-wheeler.Records of LPG distributors with the Centre show that a large number of households are taking as many as 20 to 30 cylinders a year that the government can't afford to subsidize. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said during his Budget speech: \"All the three public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs) have launched LPG transparency portals to improve customer service and reduce leakage. A pilot project for selling LPG at market price and reimbursement of subsidy directly into the beneficiary's bank account is being conducted in Mysore.\"What Mukherjee didn't say is that an Empowered Group of Ministers, in a meeting last September, proposed to restrict subsidy to six 14.2-kg LPG cylinders. The logic was that each cylinder would last 45-60 days in the average Indian household. It was proposed that a family requiring more than the quota had to at market rates that would be around Rs 700 for a cylinder. However, the decision had to be put off because of opposition from UPA allies Trinamool and the DMK.Malabika Chatterjee, a housewife, was shocked when she heard the Budget announcement that the government would put a cap on subsidized cooking gas. She needs one and a half cylinders every month to run her household, which would translate to 18 cylinders a year. An LPG cylinder costs Rs 405 in the city at present. She has applied for a new connection in her name, fearing that the new regulations may soon kick in.Similarly, Hemlata Das needs one LPG cylinder for her family of six people every 20 days. \"This is an impossible proposition. We all have a budget for household expenses and cooking medium is just one component. If limited subsidy happens, how will we manage household expenses?\" she asks.The two major OMCs - IOC and Hindustan Petroleum- complained to the government against large-scale miuse of subsidized domestic cooking gas in restaurants and dhabas and for other commercial purposes. They said they were losing out about Rs 63 crore daily in selling domestic LPG below cost. However, they are yet to receive any intimation from the government in this regard.A source in HP said: \"This is a policy decision and we have to follow it. We haven't received any notification yet. The circular will come from finance ministry to petroleum ministry to the OMCs. This idea was making rounds for long. Probably it will take some shape in 2012-13.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12301364", "title": "Traffic hit for an hour after train kills cow", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Traffic on the Chandil-Manikui Up line was affected for more than an hour when Tatanagar-bound Jammu Tawai Express run over a cow on the tracks about 40km from here.Government railway police of Chandil said only one cow died in the accident. But local people alleged that two cows were killed and two others were injured in the mishap.\"We have the information only one cow was run over by the Jammu-Tawai train,\" said Chandil GRP station officer in-charge O. Toppo. He also ruled out injuries to other cows.Two trains, Purulia-Jhargram Express and Asansol-Tata Express, and one goods train were detained at the Chandil station following the incident, said Chandil station master A N Majhi. The railways had to press in about dozen-odd gang men to remove the bodies from the tracks.According to the information, the incident occurred at 11.30am and thereafter it took about an hour for the rail authorities to restore normalcy on the tracks.Railway officials at Chandil and Kandra stations and government railway police jointly supervised the restoration work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288591", "title": "Anurag wants to hire Aamir Khan for marketing movies", "text": "Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap wants to hire perfectionist Aamir Khan to market his movies.Raising a point on marketing films in the right way in India and abroad, at a session in the ongoing FICCI Frames event in Mumbai, Anurag said he was impressed by the way the 47-year-old actor-producer promotes his movies. \"We haven't seen anyone market a film like Aamir Khan does. I wish I could hire Aamir Khan to market my films. Even if he gives guidance or any kind of support.. it is enough for me,\" Kashyap told reporters .\"Aamir Khan does it all alone...he knows how and where to market a film,\" he said.Both Anurag and Aamir Khan are producers and they have churned out hit movies like 'Udaan', 'Shaitan', 'That Girl in Yellow Boots', 'Laagan', 'Taare Zameen Par' and 'Delhi Belly' respectively.When asked would he like to co-produce films with the marketing wizard, Anurag said, \"This alone cannot be my decision and choice, if he decides then fine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300735", "title": "Pranab struggles to do the math", "text": "Given the seemingly impossible task of splurging on populist giveaways and yet keeping the fisc in control, finance ministers have traditionally resorted to liberal doses of optimism in the revenue projections they make to balance the book.Pranab Mukherjee had considerable scope for doing the same this year given the huge additional tax mop-up of Rs 41,400 crore, but appears to have chosen a different tack understating expenditure.The tax revenue numbers suggest an increase of 19.5% in gross tax collections in 2012-13 over the revised estimates of the current year, most of it coming from indirect taxes which are estimated to grow by 22% in the case of customs duties, 29% in excise collections and 30% in service tax. While you could quibble about whether those will be achieved, they are not outlandish given the added levies, an assumed growth rate of the economy of 7.6% in real terms and an inflation rate of 6.5%.What does seem odd is the estimate that expenditure will grow by just about 13% despite the FM himself peppering his speech with references to how much the outlay on just about everything has been raised. How do these apparently contradictory projections get reconciled?The key to this paradox lies in the numbers relating to the government's subsidy bill. The budget projects that the amount for \"major subsidies\" - which includes those on food, fertilizers and petroleum products - would come down from the revised estimate of Rs 2.09 lakh crore for the current year to Rs 1.8 lakh crore for the coming year.Now consider what has actually happened on this front in the past. The revised figure for the current year represents a roughly four-fold jump from just five years ago. More to the point, the increase between 2010-11 and 2011-12 alone is of the order of 27% or Rs 44,000 crore. If that same pace of increase were to be maintained in the coming year, the figure should actually have been more than Rs 2.64 lakh crore.In other words, the budget estimate on this head alone saves the FM nearly Rs 85,000 crore compared to what would have been expected on a business-as-usual basis. That's no small saving. Take that saving away and the projected fiscal deficit would have been 6% of GDP against the 5.1% he is suggesting. So Mukherjee is banking heavily on the challenging task of cutting fertilizer and petroleum subsidies (and not providing anything extra for the food security bill) to keep budget numbers intact.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298590", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 52,000 burgled", "text": "NASHIK: Jewellery worth Rs 52,000 and Rs 3,000 in cash were burgled from Panchvati area on March 15.The victim, Rajendra Wagh of Sri Hari Krupa housing society in Dindori Road, Panchavati, said unidentified persons entered his locked house and stole jewellery worth Rs 52,000 and Rs 3,000 in cash.Panchavati police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299146", "title": "Small equity scheme? What a capital idea", "text": "In an attempt to encourage participation of retail investors in the capital markets, the government has proposed a tax exemption scheme for equity markets targeted at new investors. Called the Rajiv Gandhi Equity Saving Scheme, it will encourage the flow of savings in financial instruments and deepen the capital market, said finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in his speech on Friday.The scheme will allow for income tax deduction of 50% to new retail investors, who put up to Rs 50,000 directly in equity and whose annual income is less than Rs 10 lakh. The scheme will have a lock-in of 3 years. As the maximum tax rate applicable on those with an income of up to Rs 10 lakh is 20%, the tax saved will be a maximum of Rs 5,000.Still, the provision is bound to attract investors to the equity market, and thereby deepen the stock market, reduce volatility and promote equity culture.Since the long-term capital gains in equity are also tax-free, an investor can expect a good return if the market performs well. But, to take full advantage of the scheme, the investor will have to put money directly in equity, which would expose him or her to the market's volatility.Finance secretary R S Gujral said the details of the scheme would be announced later. He did, however, reveal that it would be a one-time, and not an annual, deduction. Those not having a demat account will be eligible to participate in this scheme but only after they open one to facilitate investments.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300436", "title": "Cops allowed to record statements of child lifter doctor, wife", "text": "KANPUR: The additional chief metropolitan magistrate (III) of Kanpur Nagar on Friday allowed the police to record the statement of child lifter doctor Arvind and his alleged wife Ranjana who are in Kanpur jail.Investigating officer (IO) Shivnath Singh had moved an application before the court and submitted that accused had given their identification wrong as they had stated their names different than what they had stated before the police. It was expected that police would seek police custody remand from the court to interrogate the doctor and his wife but the IO just sought permission to record the statement of the accused.The court had rejected the bail application of Dr Arvind and his wife Ranjana on Thursday last. According to prosecution, the doctor and the woman were caught by the patients and their attendants in the general ward number - 4 of Upper India Sugar Exchange Jachcha Bachcha Hospital on Monday night.They were trying to escape with a newly born child sleeping with her mother. Ajay and Ajmal, two attendants of patients, admitted that they had witnessed an unknown woman lifting the daughter of Anita, a resident of Banda who was admitted in the hospital. They shouted and raised an alarm and caught them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303169", "title": "Russell Brand faces US ban!", "text": "This actor/ comedian is known to get into controversies and the leatest news is that he may face felony charges.Apparently, Russell, who recently split from his wife, American singer Katy Perry , has been charged on two counts of criminal damage to property. The funnyman threw a photographer's iPhone out the window of a local law firm when he caught him clicking pics.Reports say that he could face a maximum of two years in prison and having applied for citizenship, that could also be affected. The 36-year-old apparently gave himself up to the cops after he knew he was wanted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306188", "title": "Anything for the TRPs!", "text": "You thought it only happens on the big screen. Fist fights, cuss words, alchoholic binges. Violence in different forms ranging from physical fights, verbal abuses to alcohol consumption scenes are now common on most daily soaps on General Entertainment Channels (GECs).Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya, Chhoti Bahu, Amrit Manthan, Hawan, Bade Achche Lagte Hain, Saas Bina Sasural and other shows are now showing their protagonists openly nursing a drink, without the channels even carrying the mandatory disclaimer ticker. While reality shows Steal Ur Girlfriend, Zindagi Ki Haqeeqat Se Aamna Samna, Bigg Boss Roadies, Axe Your Ex, Splitsvilla, Survivor India, Truth, Love and Cash thrive on cuss words and physical fights, even fiction shows like Dil Se Di Dua...Saubhagyavati Bhava?, Sajda...Tere Pyaar Mein, have their share of violence.Are physical fights really important in a TV show? Does it fit in with the content, or is it only a means to capture audience's attention? \"Physical fights take the story line to the next level. Physical fights happen in real life situations too. In fiction shows, slap or a slight punch is the extent to which a character can go to. But even in mythological shows, there's physical violence,\" says producer Siddharth Kumar Tewary. Producer Rajan Shahi says, \"Drama and conflicts are the essence of all TV shows. As television has a strong impact and reach, producers/directors should understand their responsibility towards society and show healthy content. Of course, viewers have the choice to flip channels, if they don't approve of the content of a show. If violence shown in mythological shows are fine, then why do we have double standards for daily soaps?\"Prem Kamath, Executive Vice President &amp; GM of a youth channel says, \"There was a time when physical fights did attract eyeballs, but that's not true anymore. Shows which completely rely on physical fights are doing very badly.\" Vivek Bahl, chief content officer of a popular GEC says, \"Physical violence should be depicted only when the scripts demands it. But one should keep in mind certain codes in mind.\"And what about the alcohol consumption scenes which are such a common sight on various soaps? \"Showing a particular character drinking depends on the storyline. Moreover, drinking is socially acceptable. Thanks to internet and different forms of media, viewers have a broader exposure to content. No doubt family viewers are our target audiences but they should not forget that viewers are mature too,\" adds Tewary.The I&B; ministry has its set of guidelines about how much violence is permissible on TV, and also a disclaimer ticker when scenes depicting smoking/alchohol consumption are aired. How do channels strike a balance? \"We never show content that is offensive. Content needs to be interpreted in the right way,\" says KamathPrem.With channels rooting for the TRPs ke liye kuchh bhi karega formula, to expect the viewer to learn to be discerning is a pretty tall order!Shruti Jambhekar and Amrita Mulchandani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12301086", "title": "Budget 2012: Brickbats dominate Twitter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee's pop-culture references did little to placate those peeved with the hike in service tax, excise duty and more on Twitter.Comments on the Union Budget speech dominated the micro-blogging site on Friday. Nine out of 10 trending topics at any given time were budget-related. Even on Google India search trends \"budget 2012\" and Pranab Mukherjee were among the most searched terms.Here are some of the reactions that poured in on Twitter:@karan_speaks: The fact that Pranab took Ra.One's name during the budget is reason enough to call it FLOP!!@mojorojo: They upped the duty on bicycles. So if Mayawati had won, they would have increased the duty on elephants?@JayHind: Beedi and cigarettes to cost more. Basically even dying is getting expensive.@cliffordsouza: Even if half of Ra.One's marketing budget was utilised in the development of the country, Budget2012 would have been cheaper by 50%.@doctoratlarge: Right now the UPA govt is so desperate, that they may well present Arindam Chaudhari's budget today@rameshsrivats: What's a White Paper on Black Money? A clean chit?@Purba_Ray: He who understands Pranab Mukherjee's English, deserves a tax rebate.@ajit_ranade: White paper on black money. Details are grey. With age they may yellow. Opposition sees red. Taxpayers green with envy.@kishor_narayan: Don't want Sachin to score his 100th 100 today. Media will divert from discussing bad budget and it's ramifications!@RohiniJoshi2: No dining out, No mobile Recharge, No Branded Garments, Less PF amount, Increased Income tax. WOW Life will be so easy!!Pritish Nandy: The Budget shows that UPA2 has truly lost connect with the people. What an opportunity missed!Arvind Kejriwal: How can u keep taxing people without checking leakages? Checking corruption and effective use of funds shud have been FM's thrust.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299031", "title": "Farm activists see too little for Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Farm activists and experts saw too little relief for Vidarbha farmers in the Budget Pranab Mukherjee presented on Friday. \"There is nothing in it for the dry-land farmers\" said Vijay Jawandhiya, a Shetkari Sanghatana founder-member. \"The Rs300 crore allocated in the new budget for irrigation projects in the region is just peanuts. In 2006 under PM package, Rs2,100 crore was provided for it but that hardly made any difference to Vidarbha.\" Jawandhiya pointed out.\"Farmers in irrigated areas get huge subsidies to the tune of Rs16,000 per acre. We were expecting a direct subsidy to the distressed dry land Vidarbha farmer driven to suicide. But nothing of that sort came through Budget proposals,\" said Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti ( VJAS). \"This budget is as bad as earlier ones. Our demand to lift restrictions on cotton export, a bailout package for dying cotton farmers and rehabilitation of 10,000 farm widows has been ignored completely,\" Tiwari said.Though Tiwari welcomed the relief in interest rate rebate on crop loan, he said hardly 5% cotton farmers can take advantage of this because of severe crop loss rendering them with poor resources to repay loans and be eligible for fresh crop loan from banks. Jawandhiya said the budget was aimed at making poor poorer and the rich richer as it failed to increase allocation for edible oil, pulses crops and also did not specify how much would be provided for MGREGA scheme.While BJP MP from Chandrapur Hansraj Ahir called the idea of direct subsidy to farmers an eye wash, former state agriculture minister Ranjit Deshmukh said the union Budget had several proposals favouring farmers like Rs300 grant for Vidarbha irrigation schemes, increase in farm lending, duty relief of farm implements and creation of grain storing capacity.City MP Vilas Muttemwar hailed the Budget as the best one possible in the prevailing situations of global slowdown. \"It will revive the Indian economy,\" he said. Rs300 crore for irrigation, hike in farm lending from 1 lakh crore to 5.75 lakh crore, Rs 1 lakh crore for social security, bigger outlay for education and rural schools will all help the backward Vidarbha farmer, said Muttemwar, State food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh said the Budget was all-encompassing and provided relief to most sections of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12301194", "title": "Chief minister flays, Sahay hails", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda criticized Budget 2012 saying the document lacks vision.\"The Budget is not realistic and has no indicator which will lead the country towards development over the next one year,\" Munda said adding that the Budget has also ignored the demands of Jharkhand.He also criticized the finance minister for not taking steps to end regional disparity or taking steps to bring desired growth in mineral-rich states like Jharkhand.Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay, also the Lok Sabha member from Ranchi, said the Budget would take the country and Jharkhand to new heights in future.\"We have a tough year ahead and in the difficult time, the finance minister has presented a balanced budget which will provide stability in the years to come. In the long run, the Budget will be beneficial for laying foundation for future and will contribute to the nation's growth,\" said Sahay.He also appreciated the Budget for having special provision for Jharkhand. \"I am very glad that finance minister has given Jharkhand one mega handloom cluster in Godda and neighbouring districts which will help in growth of the state.\"The state secretariat of Communist Party of India (Marxist) termed the Budget as regressive which would result in pushing the up price and impose grater burden on the working class.Prakash Viplav, a member of the state secretariat, said, \"This budget has failed to adequately step up public expenditure to reverse the growth slow down. Sharp cuts in fuel and fertilizer subsidy and across the board hikes in indirect taxes will also fuel inflation,\" said Viplav.State president of BJP Dineshanand Goswami, too, deplored the Budget and called it anti-people. \"The Budget has ignored the needs of common people and by not increasing the tax exemption limit to Rs 3 lakh for individual tax payers the finance minister has harmed the middle class the most,\" said Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304161", "title": "Kobra", "text": "CreditsDirector: Lal Cast: Mammootty, Lal, Padmapriya, Kaniha, Salimkumar, Manianpillai Raju, Jagathy Sreekumar, Babu Antony, Bindhu Murali Producer: Anto Joseph Banner: Emperor Cinema Cinematographer: Venu Lyrics: Santhosh Varma Music: Alex Paul Release Date: March 2012SynopsisThe film is story of two brothers - one is Raja aka Rajavembala (meaning King Cobra) played by Mammooty, the other is Kari aka Karimoorkhan (meaning Black Cobra ) played by Lal. They both are twins but non-identical. People around them believe that they got exchanged with another set of twins and that's the reason they don't look similar. However they share good rapport with each other.They decide that they shall only get married when they find two sisters from the same family. They finally find them in the form of Sherly (Padmapriya) and Annie (Kaniha) to whom they propose. What follows is fun and laughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299418", "title": "Congrats for getting real. What about DTC, GST?", "text": "The finance minister has taken a pragmatic approach in this year's Union Budget, which, while not taking its eye off the inclusive growth agenda, has taken steps to urgently address the need to fix stretched government finances.The government's commitment to fiscal consolidation and setting achievable deficit targets is welcome. Also, despite populist pressures the FM has underlined the government's willingness to move forward with bold measures such as reduction of subsidies, disinvestment of PSUs, and FDI in multi-brand retail and aviation.The continued focus on development of key sectors such as infrastructure, rural education and healthcare, and agriculture is welcome as it will add much-needed muscle to the economy. Viability gap funding (VGF) for PPP infrastructure projects would act as an important instrument to attract private investment. The eligibility of fixed network for telecom and telecom towers for VGF will spur the sector.While the FM has taken some steps in the area of tax reforms, the industry was looking forward to a firm timetable for the roll-out of GST and DTC. India is one of the bright spots in a gloomy global economy and I share the FM's optimism about the long-term growth potential of the country.In a nutshell, the finance minister must be congratulated for presenting a very 'realistic' budget that does not go overboard, is a sign of mature policymaking and signals the government's commitment to fiscal discipline and the next generation of reforms.(Sunil Mittal, chairman &amp; group CEO, Bharti)Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300159", "title": "SUV kills toddler playing on road in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Two-and-a-half year old Divya came under the wheels of a Tata Sumo in Lava-Kusha Layout, near Peenya, on Thursday night. Eyewitnesses said the toddler, who was playing on the road, was standing near the parked Sumo in front of her house. The Sumo driver did not notice the child and started the car, mowing her down.Divya was a daughter of a couple working as a fabrication technicians. The SUV, owned and driven by Shivnanje Gowda, was parked in front of Divya's house on 3rd cross, 1st main in Lava-Kusha Nagar in Laggere. Gowda stays on the ground floor,while Divya's family lives on the second floor of the building. Even as Divya wandered in front of the vehicle, Gowda, who was talking to three of his friends ,walked towards it and started the engine. He realized that Divya was in front of his vehicle only after he heard her cry out in pain. He reversed the car immediately.Umapathy, a tile worker who witnessed the incident, said everyone, including the driver, were in shock for a while.\"Ours is not a main road and there is very little vehicle movement on the road. The accident was a complete shocker; we had seen both the driver and girl a few minutes earlier,\" he said. Divya's parents, along with Umapathy, rushed the girl to Lifeline Hospital in the same area. Shockingly, the hospital told Umapathy that as the child had complex injuries, she had to be taken to a specialized hospital.\"Hospitals must not refuse emergency cases. The golden hour is crucial, especially when it is such a small child,'' neighbours said. Umapathy then drove all the way to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital in Jayanagar, at the other end of the city. But it was too late: little Divya succumbed to her injuries and was declared \"brought dead\". The family on Friday morning took Divya's body to Kolar Gold Fields, their hometown, for burial. The driver of the Sumo was arrested and booked under section 304A of IPC for negligence. The vehicle was seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12303626", "title": "National seminar at Gujarat University", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A two-day national seminar on Celebrating Blackness Offshore: Reading Black Literature from Indian Perspective will be organised by the Department of English, University School of Languages, Gujarat University, on March 16-17, 2012.The seminar, with the theme 'Reading Black Literature from Indian Perspectives', is an attempt to draw parallels between literatures of different worlds with identical experiences, apart from aiming to bring all English teachers close to the recent trends in both American and Indian literatures. African-American Literature and its general influence on Indian literature, Harlem Renaissance and its impact on Dalit literature, Womanism and Indian Feminism will be amongst the sub-themes for the paper.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306769", "title": "OKOK gets 'U' certificate", "text": "Kollywood Director Rajesh's Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, starring Udhayanidhi Stalin, Hansika and Santhanam in the lead, has been censored with a clean 'U' certificate.Confirming the news, Udhay tweeted, \"OKOK censored with U certificate.\"The film is Rajesh's third flick after the majorly successful Siva Manasula Sakthi and Boss Engira Baskaran. The film also marks the debut of Udhay as a hero. While Harris Jayaraj has composed the score for the film, Arya, Andrea and Sneha have done cameo in the same.Rajesh had earlier said, \"I'm excited about OKOK and its album, mainly because Harris Jayaraj is working on a full-fledged romantic album after a while. After Engayum Kadhal, he went on to compose music for serious subjects like Ko and 7aum Arivu. But this film will be a joyride. He has come up with five songs, and the highlight of the album will be the Kadhal Oru Butterfly.... number, which has been shot in Chennai. We have also shot two songs in the busy streets of Abu Dhabi and the scorching desserts of Jordan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300645", "title": "Union Budget: Not what the doctor ordered", "text": "KOCHI: The thrust on urban health care system with the launch of the National Urban Health Mission to address basic primary health needs of the urban poor could be particularly helpful to Kerala.\"We need to face the reality that non-communicable diseases are on the rise in urban areas. We need to tackle them with new strategies,\" says Biju Prabhakar, former director of NRHM and managing director of Kerala Medical Services Corporation.While there are no big announcements for upgradation of facilities or introduction of new schemes, the deduction of up to 5,000 for preventive health check-up within the existing deduction limit for health insurance would go a long way in promoting health safety and prevention.\"We could have used some funds to modernise infrastructure, upgrade medical colleges and launch more ambulances,\" says Prabhakar. Last year NRHM allocation for the state was around 350 crore, this year there would be 15-20% increase.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12301158", "title": "Age of safe medicine is ending, says WHO chief", "text": "The world is entering an era where injuries as common as a child's scratched knee could kill, where patients entering hospital gamble with their lives and where routine operations such as a hip replacement become too dangerous to carry out, the head of the World Health Organization (WHO) has warned.There is a global crisis in antibiotics caused by rapidly evolving resistance among microbes responsible for common infections that threatens to turn them into untreatable diseases, said Margaret Chan , director general of the WHO . Addressing a meeting of infectious disease experts in Copenhagen , she said that every antibiotic ever developed was at risk of becoming useless . \"A post-antibiotic era means, in effect, an end to modern medicine as we know it. Things as common as strep throat or a child's scratched knee could once again kill.\"She continued: \"Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise in Europe, and elsewhere in the world. We are losing our first-line antimicrobials.Replacement treatments are more costly, more toxic, need much longer durations of treatment, and may require treatment in intensive care units. For patients infected with some drug-resistant pathogens, mortality has been shown to increase by around 50%.Some sophisticated interventions , like hip replacements , organ transplants, cancer chemotherapy, and care of preterm infants, would become far more difficult or even too dangerous to undertake.\" Britain has seen a 30% rise in cases of blood poisoning caused by E. coli bacteria between 2005 and 2009, from 18,000 to more than 25,000 cases. Those resistant to antibiotics have risen from 1 per cent at the beginning of the century to 10 %.The most powerful antibiotics are carbapenems, which are used as a last line of defence for the treatment of resistant infections.In 2009, carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae, a bug present in the gut, were first detected in Greece but by the following year had spread to Italy, Austria, Cyprus and Hungary . ( Courtesy: THE INDEPENDENT)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300090", "title": "UT police to give ISO certification a miss", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a major decision, Chandigarh Police have decided not to review its ambitious ISO 9001:2009 certificate status for current year. The decision was taken after considering the negative feedback of public on the efficiency of UT policemen in investigation and registration of FIRs, among others.Meanwhile, senior police officials have also not found the status of different police stations of Chandigarh police meeting the ISO standards. IG (UT) P K Srivastva confirmed the decision, but refused to make any further comment. Police source told TOI, \"The decision was taken after considering the overall performance of UT police for last one year, which was full of lapses and other departmental irregularities.\" UT police had obtained ISO certificate during the tenure of former IG Shanti Kumar Jain in March, 2008, considering the positive feedback of public and the fact that all 11 police stations of Chandigarh Police were found equipped with first-class facilities. Recently, a study conducted by Professor Anil Monga of police administration in Panjab University (PU) also revealed dissatisfaction among public on police functioning. Though, the study found around 90% city residents satisfied with the prompt response of police control room, 68% said they were not satisfied with the police functioning including dealing with cases, providing copies of FIRs, and rude behaviour of cops appointed in various police stations. Around 37% people claimed they were ignored by police personnel deliberately and 31% accused cops of being downright rude.Police sources said, \"There are some police stations and police posts, who were given ISO certificate, but their landline phone numbers are not working in the absence of pending bills.\" A senior cop said, \"Investigation of some of the heinous cases especially 5-year old Khushpreet Singh kidnapping and murder case has exposed the investigation skills of Chandigarh police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12300226", "title": "'Tame Budget, on expected lines'", "text": "GONDIA: Commenting on the Union Budget, chartered accountant Rajesh Chatur said that the allocation of just Rs 300 crore for irrigation in Vidarbha goes on to show the government's apathetic attitude towards the farmers of Vidarbha.Chatur, who is a member of Gondia Zilla Parishad, said, \"Due to the unstable political situation in the country, increasing taxes was not expected in Budget. But the finance minister has increased the service tax and central excise duty which will lead to more inflation. The poor people and farmers will be the worst sufferers,\" said.Another CA and member of opposition in Gondia Municipal Council, Dinesh Dadriwal said, \"The Budget was on expected lines. It was quite obvious in the given political scenario to present a tame Budget because mid-term polls are expected any moment.\"\"Had the finance minister raised taxes in the planned sector, its advantages could have gone to the farmers. But the proposed taxation in the unplanned sector shall certainly increase the cost in rural area,\" he said. \"There is some relief for the middle-class tax payer and rural economy though,\" he addedFull Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12304050", "title": "Budget 2012: Semiconductor industry expresses concern over service tax hike", "text": "BANGALORE: India's semiconductor industry expressed concern over the increase in service tax and excise duty proposed in the Union budget.\"...we view with concern the increase in Service Tax and increase in excise duty on certain items which are traditional consumers of the electronics and components industry in India\", India Semiconductor Association (ISA) President P V G Menon said. ISA has over 175 members - both domestic and multinational enterprises.We would have liked to see some initiatives being announced for the promotion of the domestic Electronics Design and Manufacturing (ESDM) industry, which has a potential to grow to USD 400 billion by year 2020, he said.We are also looking forward to the final policy as well as implementation details of the new National Electronics Policy as well as the National Telecom Policy as related to ESDM sector, Menon added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12308595", "title": "Stir threat by students over slow work on NH-2", "text": "IMPHAL: The Senapati District Students' Association (SDSA) has threatened to launch a stir if the improvement of works at some portions of National Highway 2 in the district is not completed this month. Previously known as NH 39, the highway connecting Imphal and Dimapur via Senapati district is the key supply route for Manipur.Last year, NH-2 and NH-37 (Imphal-Silchar) was blocked for more than a hundred days fuelling the state's worst commodity crisis The Sadar Hills Districthood Demand Committee (SHDDC) had first imposed an economic blockade while a counter-blockade was launched by the United Naga Council (UNC).SDSA expressed serious concern over what it termed the snail's pace in progress of the ongoing black-carpeting work of the highway. Except for Maram-Makhan and Mayangkhang area stretch, no worthwhile works have been witnessed along the route though the contractors concerned were urged to speed up the project, president of the tribal student body said in a statement. The condition of Senapati-Mao stretch continues to be worse, while Makhan-Mao Gate stretch has been left untouched, the SDSA said.Urging the department and contractors to complete the work in March, SDSA warned that they will launch an agitation against the state government and the authorities concerned if the deadline is not met.Expressing unhappiness over the prolonged absence of the chief executive officer of the district, it said the non-appointment of the post signifies total lack of concern from the government.Stating that the post has been vacant since the retirement of Biramani Singh on February 29, 2012, the body demanded the authority to immediately appoint a suitable candidate to the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12299543", "title": "Pranab plays Hamlet with taxpayers!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Quoting Shakespeare's Hamlet, the FM started Part B of his Budget Speech with the preamble \"I must be cruel only to be kind.\" And he indeed lived up to it, by being friendly with the direct tax payers and at the same time wielding his stick harsh on the indirect tax payers.Tax saving from `2,060 to `22,660 While the FM has announced the much expected Rs 2,00,000 personal income-tax exemption limit. But, he has disappointed the lady taxpayer and the senior citizen. While all tax payers upto the taxable income of Rs 8,00,000 will get a tax benefit of Rs 2,060, a lady has been handed only Rs 1,060 and a senior citizen virtually nothing, by way of tax relief ! The only benefit to taxpayers, above the age of 60 and not engaged in any business or profession, is to exempt them from the payment of Advance Tax with effect from the coming FY 2012-13.Taxpayers with incomes more than Rs 8 lakh have a greater cause for cheer! While, the tax saving in the income range of Rs 8 lakh to Rs 10 lakh shall be at Rs 2,060 plus 10.3%, all taxpayers above Rs 10 lakh shall save Rs 22,660.Some welcome relief One of the truly welcome reliefs is the reinstatement of the deduction of Rs 10,000 (should have been higher!) for bank and post office interest from FY 2012-13 under the proposed new section 80-TTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300830", "title": "Teaching out of the box", "text": "Teaching is in their blood. The passion for imparting knowledge had prompted these two professors attached to Maharani's Science College here to take the less-trodden path and give some extra lessons to students. Apart from teaching their respective subjects, assistant professor in statistics T K Venugopal and associate professor in Sanskrit Sheela Kumari are in the forefront organizing free practical demonstration and training programmes on painting, dance, music, literature, drama, photography and acting.They have organized more than 70 free programmes on their college premises since 2002. Not just school and college students, even senior citizens show enthusiasm to attend such classes. Every programme will be conducted from morning to evening and for all the participants, they provide free food and material like paint, brushes, books and other necessary material.Around 150 persons participate in every programme. The Laliltha Kala Sanga formed 10 years ago by the duo is part of their attempt to spread awareness on these varied aspects among the student community. As part of the Sanga's 10th anniversary, they have organized Kalara Sagrahana, a free art programme for students at Maharani's Science College on March 25.According to Venugopal, such training sessions are aimed at creating awareness on the need to conserve and promote art among people, especially youth. Students from rural areas also take part in programmes. \"We convince the faculties of rural colleges to provide the students with free transport facility to take part in the art programmes,\" he said.A resident of the city, he lives with wife Shylaja, an English lecturer in Nanjangud Government College and daughter S V Sahana, a faculty in University of Mysore College of Fine Arts. \"Prominent personalities from the fields of dance, painting, acting and music give training to the participants in our programmes. Some artistes teach for free,\" Sheela Kumari said. Kumari's husband A B Nanjappa is a doctor and her sons A N Ananda Vardhana and A N Bheemesh are software engineers. They have been helping poor students by giving them free books and paying their examination fees for the past two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298564", "title": "Gas cylinders stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Two gas cylinders worth Rs 2,000 were reported stolen on March 12.In a complaint filed by Anil Avhad, resident of Prashant bungalow, in Murkute Colony, Gangapur Road , the complainant said the theft occurred on the night of March 12.Two more gas cylinders were reported stolen from Samartha Nagar in Pathardi Shivar area from a locked belonging to one resident Lalita Dixit, of Samartha Nagar on the night of March 14. Cash worth Rs 5000 was also stolen in the same incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12299053", "title": "Vigilance raid at Barnala son's firm in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Vigilance officials on Friday raided the office of former governor Surjit Singh Barnala's son Jasjit's company, Barnas, at Vepery in connection with alleged irregularities in the purchase of electronic goods by Anna University during the tenure of D Viswanathan as its vice-chancellor three years ago. Raids were also conducted at the residence of Viswanathan at Thiruvanmiyur and several other places.Barnas specializes in sales of surveillance equipment and software. Significantly, Barnala senior was the Tamil Nadu governor and chancellor of the university when these alleged irregularities took place.An official release from the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) said: \"There was specific information that some officials of the Anna University, in connivance with Barnas International Pvt. Ltd., Chennai, had fabricated quotations in the names of other companies in the limited tender called for purchase of electronic items for various departments of the university.\" The goods were finally purchased from Barnas as it was the lowest bidder. The charge is that other tenders were fabricated by the university authorities and Barnas management to position the firm as the lowest bidder.The DVAC officials said a discreet inquiry was conducted during which the fraud and connivance were made out. A case was registered under Sections 120 (B) (conspiracy), 467 (forgery of valuable security), 471 (using as genuine a forged document or electronic record) and 420 (cheating) of IPC and provisions in the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, against Barnas and some employees of the Anna University.Searches were also conducted at the residences of several others including P M Najimudeen, CEO of Barnas, at Egmore, R Yeswanthakumar, head of surveillance, Barnas, at Avadi, P Narayanasamy, professor, department of computer science, Anna University, at Kottur and K Nagarajan, assistant, department of computer science, Anna University, at Guindy.Barnas has been in news for wrong reasons for close to a year. This is the third time that the firm has come under the DVAC scanner. Earlier, it was raided in connection with the alleged irregularities in allocation of housing plots by the Tamil Nadu Housing Board under the government discretionary quota. The DVAC again investigated the company in an admission fraud at Anna University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300920", "title": "Budget 2012: Mystery of Pranab\u2019s missing deputy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Dravidian party may not be in a position - or even harbour the desire - to rattle the UPA-II too much, but fear of rival AIADMK upstaging it on the issue of Tamils in Sri Lanka appears to have seen DMK ministers making themselves scarce from the Budget speech on Friday.The dark, mustachioed figure of S S Palanimanickam was missing when finance minister Pranab Mukherjee rose to make his speech in the Lok Sabha, a break from the past several budgets in UPA I and II, where he has been a fixture as MoS for finance.Apart from Palanimanickam, the other four remaining DMK ministers - after the exit of A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran - did not turn up either signaling the party's insistence that the government indicate its support for a resolution at the UN human rights council on atrocities against Tamils at the end of the Lankan civil war.Most DMK MPs avoided offering a comment on why the ministers were absent with only Rajya Sabha MP T Shiva denying that the leave taking was premeditated. \"He (Palanimanickam) is busy in by-elections in Tamil Nadu...That is the only reason and no other reasons (for his absence),\" said Siva according to PTI.Siva insisted that all was well and that \"All DMK MPs are here. Do not imagine things as our relation (with Congress) is very good and cordial.\" For good measure, he even said the budget was \"good and growth oriented.\"DMK MPs like T R Baalu and T Elangovan were present, while Rajya Sabha MP Kanimozhi - party chief M Karunanidhi's daughter - was to be seen in the gallery, the absence of ministers was clearly intended to make a point.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12298582", "title": "Budget 2012: Face it. Life\u2019s got a lot more taxing", "text": "Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee opened the part of his Budget speech on Friday that dealt with tax proposals by quoting from Shakespeare's Hamlet. \"I must be cruel only to be kind,\" he said. His kindness came largely in the form of increased IT exemption limits that could save individual taxpayers up to Rs 22,600 annually and cost the exchequer Rs 4,500 crore. His cruelty was in that he took away ten times what he gave by hiking service tax rates and excise and customs duties, and widening the scope of service taxes.All told, he said he expected to get an additional Rs 45,940 crore from these changes in indirect tax rates. That left him with a net mop-up of Rs 41,440 crore, the highest any FM has ever managed.In the process, he also sent out a very strong signal that the UPA is confident of weathering the current political storm and averting a mid-term poll. If there were any doubts on that score, they should be settled by the fact that among the services on which service tax would apply are railway tickets.Indirect taxes pinch everybody while direct tax cuts benefit only those who earn enough to pay income tax. So, the Budget on the whole places the burden disproportionately on the not-so-well-off.In addition to the hikes in indirect taxes, which are likely to mean a higher cost of living, the FM said he would rein in subsidies and followed that up by actually budgeting lower amounts for both fertiliser and petro-product subsidies in the coming year. If those numbers are to be achieved, fuel and fertiliser costs seem set to go up adding to the inflationary pressures. And if subsidies are not cut, the fiscal and revenue deficits - projected at 5.1% and 3.4% of GDP respectively - will end up higher.North Block argues that reducing the fiscal deficit is the most effective method of keeping inflation in check, but it's a line not very persuasive to those facing higher prices of just about all they consume. The ministry also hopes to achieve savings in subsidies by better targeting through the Aadhar card.A major amendment in the direct tax laws that is to be applicable with retrospective effect will allow the government to tax income \"accruing or arising directly or indirectly through the transfer of a capital asset situated in India\". This has explicitly been done to clarify the legislative intent of the relevant sections of the IT Act which, the budget documents say, has become confused due to some court judgments. While no specific case is mentioned, the connection to the Supreme Court order that said the government could not tax Hutchison's sale of equity to Vodafone is obvious. It could have a bearing on several other overseas acquisitions too - and could add up to an enormous Rs 40,000 crore.The government appears to be budgeting for another telecom windfall in the form of a Rs 58,000 crore mop-up from spectrum auction of 2G licences in the coming year.The Budget also contained a promise of a white paper on black money and some measures to tighten the screws on undisclosed incomes. These included making it mandatory for all assets held abroad to be declared; allowing reopening of IT assessments for up to 16 years for assets held abroad; tax deduction at source on sale of property worth over Rs 50 lakh in urban areas and over Rs 20 lakh in villages; as well as TDS on cash purchases of jewellery or bullion beyond Rs 2 lakh.Somewhat surprisingly for a Budget that otherwise took such an aggressive stance, the government has scaled down its ambitions in terms of disinvestment, targeting a modest Rs 30,000 crore against 2011-12's Rs 40,000 crore. The fact that the government has managed to raise only about Rs 13,000 crore may have prompted a more sober target.Conspicuously, the speech made no mention of the government's flagship Bharat Nirman programme and just a passing reference to the rural employment guarantee programme. Given that the outlay for MNREGS is down from nearly Rs 36,000 crore in 2010-11 to Rs 31,000 crore in the revised estimates for the current year and just Rs 33,000 crore in the coming year, that's not surprising.The FM also avoided committing himself on foreign direct investment in retail although the government had indicated it would take a decision after the UP elections.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12308611", "title": "City set for two cultural extravaganzas this week", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assamese capital is set to witness two cultural extravaganzas in a span of a week with an international jazz band and a dance group performing at two separate events next week here in the city.On March 19 a Georgian band, led by internationally renowned Dinara 'Dini' Virsaladsze, will perform at Shradhanjali Kanan in a soiree organised by Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) in association with the Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority. Virsaladsze, a famous Georgian pianist, has been performing with Tbilisi Big Band since 2003 and also performs at the Tbilisi Conservatoire, Philharmonic Theatre, Opera House, Rustaveli Theatre and at other music halls of repute. The show has generated quite a buzz among music aficionados in the city.Three days later, an Indo-French production team of dance troupe Rhythmosaic will perform Peter Iilsch Tchaikovsky's immortal saga 'Swan Lake' on March 22. Tchaikovsky's immortal musical rendition will be choreographed by a three member dance team comprising of two Indian dancers and one French dancer.Titled 'Swan Lake - Revisited', the show has been organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) in association with North East Zone Cultural Centre (NEZCC).Radharaman Chatterjee, regional director of ICCR, said: \"It will be great for those who love art and culture. One event will be held at Shradhanjali Kanan, and Swan Lake, which is a modern-day take on a timeless saga, will be held at Shilpagram.\" said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300509", "title": "Quick passage plea spurs hope of Goods and Services Tax rollout in 2013", "text": "Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee did not given any time-frame for rolling out the Goods and Services Tax but analysts said the changes on the indirect taxes front unveiled on Friday suggested that progress was being made on launching the most ambitious tax reform.Mukherjee appealed to all political parties for early passage of the GST and Direct Tax legislations. Introduction of GST has missed several deadlines.He said drafting of model legislation for central and state GST in consultation with states was in progress as the government awaits the recommendations of the standing committee of Parliament on the Constitution Amendment Bill.The finance minister also said the structure of GST network (GSTN), which has been approved by the empowered committee of state finance ministers, would be set up as a national information utility and will be operational by August 2012.The GSTN will implement common PAN-based registration, returns filing and payments processing for all states on a shared platform. \"The use of PAN as a common identifier in both indirect and direct taxes will enhance transparency and check tax evasion,\" Mukherjee said.Experts said they were hopeful that GST would be introduced by April, 2013. \"While there are no specific comments on rolling out GST, the date of August 2012 for setting up GSTN suggests there is progress. All the changes on the indirect taxes side is fully compatible with GST rollout,\" Rajiv Dhimri, partner at tax consultancy firm BMR Advisors, said.The finance minister raised the service tax rate to 12% from the existing 10% and also raised the excise duty to 12% from 10%. The government had reduced the standard rate of non-petroleum goods to 8% from 14% to cushion the impact of the 2008-09 global financial crisis. As part of its stimulus exit process, it raised the duty to 10% in the 2011-12 budget. Mukherjee said the government raised the duty on Friday given the imperative of fiscal correction. Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12299522", "title": "Nation deserved a bold Budget", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The budget is neither growth oriented nor reform oriented. It aims at achieving an unduly modest target - real GDP growth of 7.6% and nominal GDP growth of 14%, implying average inflation rate of 6% during 2012-13. The FM should have been more ambitious and more aggressive in setting the macroeconomic targets. The biggest disappointment has been the massive slippage in the fiscal deficit, which has raised serious question marks over the government's commitment towards fiscal consolidation. As against the gross fiscal deficit of Rs 374 thousand crore in 2010-11, the budget estimate for 2011-12 was Rs 413 thousand crore, whereas the revised estimates has turned out to be Rs 522 thousand crore, indicating an unacceptable slippage of Rs 110 thousand crore over budget estimates.Adverse global economic environment, including higher than projected crude prices, cannot possibly account for more than one third of the increase in the fiscal deficit. It is the inaction and lack of political will throughout the year 2011-12, which has culminated in this scenario and cast its shadow on the Budget 2012, reflecting lack of sincere efforts to bring about fiscal consolidation.FM's proposal for fiscal deficit of 5.1% of GDP in 2012-13 can perhaps be regarded as a weak attempt to restore the credibility of the budgeting process, but it actually exposes basic weakness in implementing the required measures to achieve fiscal consolidation. The main positive feature of the Budget is the significant package for the infrastructure sector, with a clear focus on the power, coal and transport sectors. The concessions in direct taxes will increase the disposable income of the common man and give some fillip to domestic household savings.It is likely that higher than expected fiscal deficit would dampen the prospects for a significant reduction in interest rates during 2012-13. The possibility of a further slippage in fiscal deficit target in 2012-13 cannot be ruled out at this stage and, if that happens, it would impose serious constraints on the ability in Indian economy to regain the high growth trajectory even in 2013-14. It is rather unfortunate that the Budget 2012 may fail to lay a strong foundation for the 12th Five Year Plan.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12306663", "title": "Assembly by-polls at 7 places in AP on Sunday", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stage is set for the crucial by-elections to seven Assembly seats in Andhra Pradesh tomorrow.Six constituencies - Kollapur, Nagarkurnool, Mahbubnagar, Kamareddy, Adilabad and Station Ghanpur - are in Telangana region, while the seventh, Kovur, is in coastal Andhra.The by-elections are being dubbed as \"quarter-finals\" before the \"semi-finals\" over the next few months, when 17 other constituencies will have by-elections.The elections are critical for the Telangana Rashtra Samiti, to assert that the demand for separate state is still alive. As to the fledgling YSR Congress party of Kadapa MP, Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, result of the by-election holds key to its fortunes, as it will face a bigger test in the elections to 17 other constituencies later.Large-scale betting is on over the margin of victory the YSR Congress candidate N Prasanna Kumar Reddy may secure in Kovur, though the main opposition, Telugu Desam Party , is leaving no stone unturned to spoil his prospects.Contrary to initial expectations, the sailing may not be all too smooth for TRS in the five constituencies it is contesting, as both TDP and the ruling Congress are said to be catching up in the race.The TRS is anxious not to lose even on a single seat, as it is virtually fighting a do-or-die battle. A single defeat can prove to be its nemesis, and with it, the \"statehood movement\" too will suffer a major blow.Speaking on the eve of the polling day, Chief Electoral Officer Bhanwar Lal said all arrangements had been made for the smooth conduct of the by-elections, in which about 13 lakh voters would exercise their franchise.Authorities have seized over Rs 9 crore cash at various places since the notification of the by-elections. The CEO said there were complaints of large-scale distribution of money and liquor in Kovur. There were also complaints that candidates were campaigning through Short Messaging Service (SMS) in Kovur. \"We are looking into these complaints, and will take appropriate action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300281", "title": "Consider Arjuna awardee\u2019s plea, court tells govt", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice K L Manjunath on Friday directed the government to consider the plea submitted by G Venkataramanappa, a physically challenged athlete from the state who sought payment of the Rs 13 lakh cash award which is due to him for over a decade. The petitioner, an Arjuna and Ekalavya awardee who has represented the country in several Asian, World and Olympic events in weightlifting, shot put, discus and javelin throw said despite repeated pleas, the awards have not been disbursed to him. He's working as draughtsman in BEL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300372", "title": "Workshop highlights needs of spastic kids", "text": "KANPUR: The Spastic Centre and Bal Bhawan jointly organised a workshop on 'teaching life skills to spastic children (kids with some form of disability) on Friday. The workshop was held on Spastic Centre's premises and will conclude on Saturday with a 'rehabilitation session' address by internationally trained rehabilitation expert Aparna Das.Several other rehabilitation experts and patients of autism and cerebral palsy also attended the workshop and shared their experiences. Aparna Das, founder of Arunima Rehabilitation Centre For Autistic Women , said while addressing the parents, \"There are both social and medical myths about autism and other disabilities among children and adults. The greatest is that the disabilities are not curable.\"She added, \"There is a need to drive home the scientific truth that it is a developmental difference, resulting in difficulty in movement. The organisations should make improve the quality of life of such kids and not fix their disability.\"The experts suggested ways for better development of autistic kids. \"We need to make people realise that disability needs to be tackled with a 'care model' of health and not a 'cure model'. Energetic public health education is the only way out,\" added Aparna.\"It has become an added responsibility for many persons and their families due to lack of awareness, even though several interventions are available to improve quality of life of those with the developmental disability,\" said Ankit Bharadwaj, another speaker at the workshop. The event was also attended by Meera Naronha, Suchita Singh, Tanuja, Kanchan Devnani and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303550", "title": "No Kanimozhi for AP", "text": "Acouple of months ago, actress-producer Sona alleged that producer T Siva had cheated her by fraudulently selling the Telugu dubbing rights of their Kanimozhi to Jakkula Nageswara Rao without her consent.She had claimed that she had the entire rights of the Tamil version and a 50 per cent ownership in the other language releases. Now, the latest is, the Madras High Court has issued a stay order against the release of the film's Telugu version. Sona confirms, saying, \"They were planning to release the film as Love Journey. But, I've obtained a stay order against its release now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12299459", "title": "Budget 2012: Tough to digest: Eating out gets costlier", "text": "PUNE: Food enthusiasts will have to pay as much as 10% more at restaurants because of the increase in service tax from 10% to 12%. In addition, the hike in peak excise duty from 10% to 12% will increase the cost of kitchen equipment, according to the Pune Restaurant and Hoteliers' Association, which says it plans to compensate by increasing prices by 10 per cent.Members of the association say they will write a letter to the finance minister, urging him to reduce the service tax. \"A rise to 12% from last year's 10% is a huge increase,\" said Ganesh Shetty, president of the association.\"All food and beverage sales attract a service tax. Thus, an increase in service tax will have restaurant bills going up. Meanwhile, the excise hike will also affect us indirectly and the final outcome will be an increase in menu prices by almost 10%,\" he added. \"The rise in service tax and excise duty will definitely increase prices on the menu,\" said Navtej Sawhney, partner at a lounge in Koregaon Park.\"Increasing expenses on raw materials will have to be compensated somehow,\" he said. Sunil Chandani, owner of a restobar in Koregaon Park, agreed that the hikes would definitely lead to an increase in menu prices, but said that such increases would have be gradual.\"The menu price rise will happen in a phased manner, not abruptly. Initially, we will have to absorb some costs, while prices will be increased eventually after a period of two to six months,\" said Chandani. For those who eat out on a regular basis, it's bad news. \"Last year the hike in liquor prices punched a hole in the consumer's pocket and eating out became a one-off affair, said Roger Rodrigues, manager at a job portal. Bhuvan Chowdhary, a working professional, said, \"An increase in service tax means that we will end up spending more when eating out and hence save less. Dining out will, therefore, become a luxury that only a few can afford.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12299150", "title": "Flat, lacklustre Budget: MCCIA", "text": "PUNE: Expressing disappointment with Budget 2012, members of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA) on Friday called it 'flat' and lacklustre.Industry representatives said the budgetary allocation for skilled development was meager and expressed apprehension about the increase in service tax to 12%.\"The finance minister has presented a flat Budget in the sense that it is not complicated,\" said Abhay Firodia, president of the MCCIA. \"The 2% hike in basic excise duty on manufacturing goods would certainly add more to government coffers, but it will make manufactured goods more expensive. It is said that the finance minister did not have much option, so has found a simple way to generate money. We have to give him marks for that,\" he said.Chandrakant Chitale, chairman of the direct tax committee said, \"The finance minister has changed the tax exemption slabs to some extent. There were more expectations in terms of tax reforms and making the entire procedure easier but, unfortunately, he has not touched upon these issues.\"\"The Union government has excluded defence and airline manufacturing sectors from withdrawal tax, which will adversely affect the growth of these sectors,\" said Vikram Salunkhe, vice president of MCCIA. \"Had the government made withdrawal tax applicable, foreign firms would have invested largely by joining hands with Indian partners. Other sectors like dam construction, irrigation projects and the power sector, where huge foreign investment could come to boost the industry, are made part of the tax.\"According to Anant Sardeshmukh, executive director-general of MCCIA, \"The budgetary allocation of Rs 1,000 crore for skilled development is a meager allocation. The government has just maintained a status quo rather than initiate any dynamic policies that would give a boost to the market. A welcome policy decision is relating the subsidy component to economic progress in all the sectors except food processing and agriculture. It is a practical approach.\" He also pointed out that the allocation of Rs 5,000 crore for infrastructure development through the Small Industries Development Bank of India is another example of insufficient aid.S K Jain, chairman of the aviation committee of the chamber said, \"The government has not addressed the aviation sector. There is a need for more airports with high capacity for passenger and cargo movement, funds for infrastructure upgradation, more flights and better connectivity, something missing in this Budget.\"Deepak Shikarpur, chairman of information technology committee, also expressed disappointment with the Budget. \"The information and technology sector, which is contributing millions of rupees to the economy through various channels, has received hardly any attention. The government should have taken some steps to help this sector grow rapidly.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12301311", "title": "District administration blames coal company for poor law and order", "text": "DHANBAD: Rift between the district administration and the public sector undertaking Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) surfaced here when Dhanbad deputy commissioner S K Barnwal blamed the coal company for poor law and order in the coal belt.\"Wrong policies of the BCCL are responsible for the deteriorating law and order in Dhanbad,\" said Barnwal.The DC held a meeting with police and officials of the civil administration, Central Industrial Security Force and the BCCL on law and order in the coal belt and regretted the coal company was not serious on curbing coal pilferage and deaths in the abandoned mines.\"The MD of the coal company can be arrested for any death in an abandoned coal mine. If the directors of a private hospital in Kolkata can be arrested for fire in the hospital, why not MD of BCCL for death in coal mines,\" Barnwal said.The meeting was attended among others by CISF DIG S Sarkar, BCCL director (technical) A Sarkar, SP R K Dhan, ADM and SDM of Dhanbad and district transport officer. The DC said the BCCL officials admitted even now that coal was being stolen from seven abandoned mines. Earlier, there were 40 such points.The abandoned mines should be sand-filled and effective steps be taken to prevent coal theft. The DC said the coal company was encouraging loss of revenue to the state government.In the past three months, the transport department checked 1,616 trucks carrying 3,383 tonnes of coal. The trucks were also overloaded and the district transport officer collected Rs 40 lakh as fine from the truck operators. The state government has served notices to the BCCL.According to the DC, computers at the loading point were manipulated and wrong entries were entered in the computer. Less coal is lifted at the dispatch centres, but trucks are allowed to carry more.\"There was manipulation in e-auction of coal too. CCTV cameras should be installed at the loading and dispatch points,\" he suggested.The DC also said henceforth the CISF would file FIRs against the named BCCL officials on charges of coal theft in future.In the past few months, there had been many incidents of deaths in the abandoned coal mines, exchange of fire between the coal mafia at loading and dispatch points. The gang war had reached the district headquarters, too, when a senior Congress leader was gunned down at a marriage reception by a rival gang. The DC also constituted a task force to help prevent coal theft in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12298979", "title": "CBI to launch in-house probe into death of ASP Haridath", "text": "KOCHI: The death of CBI ASP P G Haridath and the suicide note recovered from his body have forced the CBI to conduct an in-house probe into the antecedents of certain CBI officials who have alleged nexus with the state police officials and the judiciary.Highly placed CBI sources said there were certain issues that needed to be thoroughly looked upon, as the suicide note which was reportedly recovered from the body of the CBI officer, mentioned the names of two CBI officials, an advocate and a judge in the rank of chief judicial magistrate.\"The names reportedly mentioned in the suicide note are in one way or the other connected to the sensational Sampath custodial death case which was investigated by Haridath,\" the sources said.The CBI investigation into the Sampath case got mired in controversy after the CBI team led by Haridath arraigned two senior IPS officials as accused in the case. \"We will thoroughly look into the circumstances which led to the involvement of the advocate, whose name was mentioned in the suicide note, in the investigation into the Sampath case,\" the officials said.\"People with vested interests, including from the judiciary, have reportedly played a role in attaching new dimensions to the investigation into the Sampath case. The case was handed over to Haridath when the CBI found certain discrepancies in the investigation carried out by the earlier officials,\" the sources said.They added that Haridath had revealed certain facts to the top officials of the CBI when they visited the state.Meanwhile, the Ernakulam rural police have sealed the suicide note and it will be produced before the court. The note will be sent for calligraphy test to ascertain whether it was written by Haridath. A team of forensic and scientific experts conducted an inspection of the spot at the residence of the CBI officer where his body was found hanging from the ceiling.Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has demanded a comprehensive inquiry by the CBI top brass into the circumstances that led to the death of CBI officer Haridath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300484", "title": "Another child-lifter arrested", "text": "KANPUR: Three days after the arrest of a child-lifter couple from Upper India Sugar Exchange Jaccha Baccha Hospital, another incident of child-lifting was reported from the same hospital on late Thursday night. The police officials, who initially denied having any information about the latest child-lifting, claimed to have arrested the culprit on Friday.According to reports, Anil Kumar Savita from Bidhnu was handed over to Swaroop Nagar police by the hospital authorities on late Thursday night. Kanchan Srivastava, chief medical superintendent of the hospital, confirmed the information. SO, Swaroop Nagar, Vivek Singh also later confirmed to having sent Anil Kumar to jail.Anil Kumar was highly drunk at the time he entered the hospital and tried to escape with a child in ward number three of the hospital. The patients of the ward handed over the man to hospital authorities. He claimed to be an attendant of some Sunita in ward number seven, which was found to be wrong identity. Thus, he was handed over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300395", "title": "Budget 2012: Companies add a 10 binder to cement mix", "text": "Cement manufacturers have lost no time in announcing price hikes between Rs 7 and Rs 10 for a 50kg bag. The price of a 50kg bag of cement ranges between Rs 280 and Rs 300. The changes will come into effect from Saturday.Makers said the altering of methodology to levy excise duties on cement plus an increase in base excise duty rate from 10% to 12% necessitated the increase. The cement industry was taxed at 10% on invoice price earlier.According to the new method, excise duty would be calculated on the maximum retail price. Consequentially, the increase in retail prices will be directly proportional to the MRP. The FM, however, lowered excise duties to mini cement plants, but not many of them are operational.\"Prices will rise by Rs 7 to Rs 8 per bag in South India,\" A V Dharmakrishnan, executive director, Madras Cements, said. In markets where the retail prices are higher, the increase in prices will be more than that.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12308590", "title": "Wajhi Farouqui of Raeth band enthralls students", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Utkarsh '12, the annual cultural fest of the techies, kicked off to an electric start with an enthralling live performance by Wajhi Farouqui of Raeth band at the National Institute of Technology (NIT-Adityapur) campus late on Friday evening.'Bhula Do', the hit Pakistani band, presented an action-packed performance that kept over 2000 odd participants completely engrossed for over two hours. Although the inaugural session began about an hour behind schedule, there was no stopping young minds from going crazy once the rock band performed. \"It was a grand performance by Farouqui, and we enjoyed completely. Electric start to the three-day event,\" said Sitanshu Shekar, member of the organising committee. During the 120-minute concert, Farouqui sang popular numbers from his two hit albums 'Bhula Do' and 'Hum Yaadon Ke Sang'. 'Mein Chala', 'Tum Meri Ho', 'Waada' and 'Bhula Do' indeed enthralled the techies, who have come from different parts of the country to be part of this live sensation on the inaugural day.\"The rock band performance has made this year's cultural fest absolutely different from the regular college festivals NIT Adityapur has hosted so far and it will also be remembered as grand festival in the history of our institute,\" said a third year mechanical student.Prior to Raeth's concert, the host institute's director in-charge, SBL Saxena, inaugurated the three-day event, lighting the ceremonial lamp followed by customary classical dance. On Saturday, the debate competition, nukkad play, workshop and quiz competition were organised. The debate on burning issues concerning youth, society and the country witnessed productive exchange of ideas and opinion in the mock Parliament session. However, the participants are keenly waiting for the Hasya Kavi Samelan, scheduled on the concluding day of the festival, to hear some meaningful poetry from noted poets like Rahat Indori, Shyamal Majumdar and Suman Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299922", "title": "Budget bol", "text": "The economy is facing a slowdown and the industry was expecting a slew of measures to boost growth. This has not happened. The FM is an intelligent economist and has correctly identified all the ills that plague the Indian economy, but has let go the opportunity to tackle these ills head-on. Corporate India was expecting a stimulus package in the form of excise duty and service tax at current levels to continue. The proposal to tax all services barring those in the negative list of 17 heads besides the increase in service tax rates and upward revision in excise rates has not found favour with the industry. Besides opening of reforms and measures such as further liberalization of FDI in some sectors, mining sector reforms and easing of procedures conducive to investment, undertaking steps to ensure speedy implementation of key policies already announced were expected from this Budget to reassure that the government remains committed to uplifting the pace of growth of the economy. The postponement of a firm decision on FDI in multi-brand retail is a disappointment - Manguirish Pai Raikar | President, Goa Chamber of Commerce &amp; IndustryIt's a moderate Budget, there's nothing much to boost industrial growth. Increase in infrastructure investment, procurement policy, disinvestment, allowing external commercial borrowings to part finance existing power projects and airline industry may increase industry growth to 3.9%. Allowing qualified foreign investors, simplifying the process of IPO and setting up ' 5,000-crore India Opportunities Venture Fund with SIDBI to enhance availability of equity to micro, small and medium enterprises are welcome steps. Another measure which will benefit SMEs is the turnover limit for compulsory tax audit of accounts as well as presumptive taxation which is proposed to be raised from ' 60 lakh to ' 1 core. To augment funds for SMEs, sale of residential property will be exempt from capital gains tax, if the proceeds are used for purchase of plant and machinery. While no changes have been made to corporate taxes, increase of service tax and excise duty are deterrent factors which will hit consumers - Shekhar Sardesai | President, Goa State Industries AssociationThe Budget is very disappointing. There is nothing for the common man. An increase of ' 20,000 in the income tax slab is nothing. People expected that it would be at least ' 3,00,000. Finance minister failed in his term by simply stating that the direct tax code will be introduced. Last budget also he said the same thing. It very difficult to introduce the GST in August 2012. There is no charm in this budget - Subrahmanya Bhat | head of department of commerce, Damodar college, MargaoThe Budget has all the potential to take the country on a trajectory of growth, development and poverty-alleviation. Special attention has been paid to the common man by enhancing the taxable income limit to ' 2 lakh and by providing special funds for the upliftment of SC/STs and OBCs - Subhash Shirodkar | President, Goa Pradesh Congress CommitteeVery disappointing Budget for the real estate sector! A lost opportunity, especially when the Planning Commission report, the Economic Survey and the presidential address to Parliament stressed on affordable housing. Leave aside addressing the issues causing concern to the sector, the finance minister has not even made a passing reference to housing! - Nilesh Salkar | President, CREDAI-GoaThe Budget's very strong on intentions, but strength of execution remains untested. On the positive side are the decisions to restrain subsidies, cut their leakages and computerize the PDS system. FDI considerations, tax free infrastructure bonds, and tax sops for security transactions, coal and gold imports are also good. On the negative are the fiscal deficit projection, the hike in excise duty that will affect inflation and the dropped petrol subsidy that implies that sometime during the year the government will have to partially decontrol petroleum products - Vijay Hede | Past chairman, CII Goa councilPrima facie, the Budget proposals are not promoting growth. Increase in excise duty and service tax will have a cascading effect on prices. No efforts have been initiated for curtailing inflation. Steps like liberalization of external commercial borrowings rules and promoting investments in infrastructure are welcome. There's no growth incentive for MSME sector. We expected a more dynamic Budget - D Kumar Pillai | executive committee member, Goa Management Association", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12306787", "title": "1952 Mr Universe inches towards century", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after Sachin Tendulkar created history by becoming the only batsman to notch 100th international century, 1952 Mr Universe Manohar Aich achieved a rare feat of sorts by stepping into his 100th year.As he turned 99 today, Aich sporting a toothless smile said, \"People compare me with Sachin Tendulkar. It's funny.\"His muscles have sagged but the 4ft 11inch Aich, who is known as India's 'Pocket Hercules' for his short size is still full of energy.Ask him to flex his muscles and he does so without any hesitation removing his t-shirt.\"There are some age-related issues but nothing that needs medication,\" his elder daughter Bani Banerjee said recalling that her mother Jyotika had made a lot of sacrifices for her father to let him pursue his dream.\"Without my mother's help, he couldn't have achieved any of that... she passed away in 2001.\"Aich says there is no mantra to success. \"It's exercise and simple life,\" Aich said pained at the latest bodybuilding fad among youngsters.\"They don't worship their body...they don't have the time and energy to go through the drills in an old-style gymnasium,\" he rued.Recollecting his life-changing moment, Aich said while working as a physical instructor at the Indian Air Force he was jailed for slapping a British officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12303809", "title": "Towards Higher Education", "text": "KOLKATA: The JU Alumni Association (NCE Bengal) in collaboration with Anant Education Initiative hosted the Scholarship Award Ceremony on February 29.Anant Education Initiative, a CSR initiative of the Infinity Group, in collaboration with Jadavpur University Alumni Association gave scholarship awards to 128 students this year belonging to economically weaker sections of the society. The selected students belonged to all disciplines of Jadavpur University from engineering to science and arts.India, despite of growing investments in education, continues to face challenges in higher education. Anant Education Initiative aims to facilitate the scope of higher education , which will lead the nation to prosperity.Anant Education Initiative promised to directly disburse the scholarships to zero-balance bank accounts. Its vision is to empower and promote education, eliminate poverty and bring about an all round development of society, irrespective of caste, creed faith or race. Anant Education Initiative has a target to support 10,000 students by 2012 thus contributing to a national building process.An eminent member of the Jadavpur Alumni Association said, \"This activity is of great help to needy students of JU. This year our alumni association has disbursed 510 such scholarships across all disciplines.\"The initiative is a great platform to provide support to the students free of cost. Not only will Anant provide scholarships, organize meetings, gatherings and career counselling but also inculcate amongst scholars a sense of giving and contributing.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300022", "title": "Cabbies want fare hike, threaten strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Taxi union leader A L Quadros has threatened that cabbies will go on a strike soon to demand an additional hike in fares.\"We will hold a meeting early next week to decide on a date for the stir,\" Quadros said.State transport department officials plan to take stringent action against taxi drivers resorting to illegal strikes. \"It's our fundamental right to protest if the department has been unfair. We are opposing a proposal by officials to impose fines on drivers resorting to strikes,\" Quadros added. Mantralaya sources said senior officials were serious about tackling unions calling strikes, which is against the rule.\"We are sympathetic to the problems faced by cabbies. However, it does not mean they can blackmail us with repeated threats,\" said transport secretary Shailesh Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12308564", "title": "No word on floods, separate time zone annoy BJP, AIUDF", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BJP and All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) have expressed dissatisfaction over the Union Budget 2012-13, which was presented by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in Parliament on Friday.The saffron party demanded that the Centre should declare a separate time zone for the northeast for increasing the pace of development and work efficiency in the region. Party MP Romen Deka raised the issue of a separate time zone for the northeast under rule 377 on March 14. Deka told a press conference here on Saturday that there was nothing significant for the northeast in the budget and the increase in taxes would cause problems to the common people.Deka said the Budget has no mention on expediting the slow pace of work on the East-West road project in Assam. He added that the project was an important road project started during NDA time for development of the northeast. \"We are very disheartened by the fact that no words were mentioned on expediting the road project at a time when the finance minister announced a slew of projects for other states,\" said Deka said.On the other hand, AIUDF president and MP Badaruddin Ajmal caterogically termed the Budget as \"anti-poor\", arguing that the new taxes were going to hurt the common people. He said the Budget has not allocated any development funds for the minority community even as Mukherjee announced packages for SC/ST. \"The budget has nothing for the common people, and the poor are going to be hit hard. So, we call the Budget 'anti-poor'. Moreover, it also didn't address many burning issues of Assam,\" said Ajmal.The AIUDF chief said at a time when the Brahmaputra was creating havoc in the form of floods and erosion, there was a high expectation in Assam Assam that the finance minister would come out with special measures for the state. \"There was no single measure in the budget to tackle floods and erosion,\" added Ajmal.AIUDF has pointed out that even President Pratibha Patil's address to Parliament had no mention on Assam's flood and erosion problem. He said among seven AIIMS-standard health centres announced in the budget, there was none for Assam.Deka criticised that while weavers' centres were announced for Nagaland and Mizoram, Sualkuchi was left out. \"Sualkuchi in Assam is famed for Muga silk. Mukherjee did not have anything for the silk weavers of Assam. When NDA was in power, Sualkuchi was declared as an industrial centre, but after that there was no follow-up,\" said Deka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12299619", "title": "Alumni meet brings back warm memories", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Annual old students meet of the alumni association of Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town, served as a platform for the old students to rejuvenate their playful moments spent in the college.The occasion had moments of nostalgia, excitement and warmth and was packed with dances, songs and skits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12306408", "title": "Poster contest held at IITP", "text": "PATNA: B B Bhowmik, Titash Mondal and Pooja were declared prize winners in the faculties of engineering and technology, basic sciences and humanities and social sciences respectively in the poster presentation competition organized on the occasion of the second research scholars' day at IIT Patna (IITP) on Saturday.J W Tedesco of the University of Houston, USA, was the chief guest on the occasion and gave away prizes to the winners. University of Houston associate dean S Khator was the guest of honour.A panel of judges including renowned mathematician and Patna University (PU) former vice-chancellor K K Jha, PU chemistry professor Ashish Kumar Ghosh and Magadh Mahila College principal Dolly Sinha evaluated the posters given by altogether 33 research scholars of IITP.IITP director Anil Kumar Bhowmik, in his welcome address, said that steps have been initiated to promote research activities on the campus. At present, there are 63 faculty members and 77 research scholars in this institute. The IIT Patna has been awarded research projects worth Rs 6.5 crore recently, he added. Somnath Sarangi proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12299234", "title": "Gurgaon rape: 3 PCR cops suspended", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police on Friday suspended the three policemen who were deployed in PCR No. 6 late on Sunday night.The brother of the gang-rape victim and the cab driver had apparently approached the PCR team near the Sahara Mall on the fateful night. The team comprised head constable Beer Singh and constables Devendra and Ashok.Confirming the move, DCP (east) Maheshwar Dyal said, \"The three cops have been suspended for being negligent while on duty and a departmental inquiry has been ordered.\"According to these cops, the boy had informed the PCR team about the abduction early on Monday morning. Constable Ashok took the victim's cellphone number but when he called, one of the accused answered the phone. He told him that they were known to the victim and would drop her home, police said.On Thursday, Gurgaon police commissioner K K Sindhu said stiff penalty would be imposed on the errant police officers.The 23-year-old woman was allegedly gang-raped by seven men after being abducted from outside the Sahara Mall on MG Road at 2.30am on Monday.The victim, who works in a pub at the mall, alleged that the accused abducted her after stopping the radio taxi she and her 15-year-old brother had hired to return home to Badarpur.The victim, who has a three-year-old son, said she was taken to a room in Gurgaon and raped repeatedly. She was dumped outside the Chhatarpur Metro station around 4.15am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298450", "title": "Gas cylinder stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Two gas cylinders worth Rs 2,000 were reported stolen on March 12.In a complaint filed by Anil Avhad, resident of Prashant bungalow, in Murkute Colony, Gangapur Road , the complainant said the theft occurred on the night of March 12.Two more gas cylinders were reported stolen from Samartha Nagar in Pathardi Shivar area from a locked belonging to one resident Lalita Dixit, of Samartha Nagar on the night of March 14. Cash worth Rs 5000 was also stolen in the same incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12303606", "title": "Tamil Nadu will be informed in advance about visits of Lankan VIPs: PM", "text": "CHENNAI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday assured Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa that the state government would be informed about the visits of Sri Lankan VIPs and other dignitaries in advance.\"I am asking our authorities to bear your views in mind when they handle such visits in future and to share such information as they may have about such visits with the government of Tamil Nadu beforehand,\" Singh said in a letter to Jayalalithaa.Singh's response follows Jayalalithaa's letter to him on March 7, where she had asked the Centre to \"discourage\" frequent visits of Lankan VIPs to the state as the people were \"greatly exercised\" over the island government's conduct on the Tamils issue. She had also said the Sri Lankan VIPs be allowed to the state only after consulting the state.Noting that Sri Lankan VIPs and other dignitaries come on private visits without informing the state government, she wanted such trips to be allowed only after consulting the state.\"As you are fully aware, the people of Tamil Nadu are greatly exercised over the conduct of the Sri Lankan government while dealing with Sri Lankan Tamils and their rights,\" the chief minister had said in the letter.Citing instances in recent past when Sri Lankan VIPs and other dignitaries came on private visits to the state without informing the state government, Jayalalithaa recalled an attempt to attack Thirukumaran Natesan, brother-in-law of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa , in Rameswaram.Since there was no information from the island government or Indian government, no precautionary measures could be taken, Jayalalithaa had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12300434", "title": "Co-accused in honour killing still on the run", "text": "MYSORE: Shivu,23, co-accused in the killing of Smruthi DK, an assistant Kannada professor, is still on the run. Shivu, a resident of KR Nagar, is a relative of Smruthi. Police have formed teams to trace him. Meanwhile, Nazarbad police continued questioning Mahadeva, Smruthi's brother, on Friday as well.He is the key accused who has been taken into police custody for five days. A police officer said they are yet to recover Smurthi's and Mahadeva's mobile phones and also the clothes worn by the accused at the time of committing the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299313", "title": "It\u2019s a meek, unimaginative and timid Budget, say experts", "text": "KOLKATA: Experts in Kolkata described the 2012-13 Union Budget as meek, unimaginative and timid. Neither did the Budget show a way forward, nor did it announce any innovative economic measures, they felt. Bengal, they pointed out, had nothing much to gain from it other than the agricultural package of Rs 1,000 crore granted to the eastern region.\"The political pressure, it seems, didn't work for there was no mention of any financial assistance for Bengal. It is a very cautious budget that doesn't hold out anything substantial for any sector,\" said Ratan Khasnobis, economist. The hike in indirect taxes was going to hurt a large section of the population, he said. \"The 2% hike in service tax and the rise in excise duty are aimed at balancing out the increase in non-planned expenditure. This will lead to an all-round price hike and raise inflation. Another alarming announcement is the one on aviation working capital. Airlines would now be able to borrow upto 1 billion dollars from the international market at interest rates which are lower than in India. But it means that the onus will now be on the government to repay the loans in case the companies fail,\" said Khasnobis. He added that none of the reforms promised in the last budget were mentioned. The new direct tax structure, even though it raised the exemption to Rs 2,00,000 from Rs 1,80,000, was lopsided, according to economist Dipankar Dasgupta. \"Those in the Rs 8-10 lakh income bracket will be saving substantially more than those in Rs 3-5 lakh bracket. This is a regressive structure for it means the lower income groups will have less disposable income. The hike in excise and service tax, on the other hand, will affect the entire population,\" Dasgupta said.There was no allocation for social security which had received Rs 1000 crore in the last budget, said Dasgupta. \"It was disappointing,\" he said. Even though the budget had no major reforms, it still addressed the need for 'inclusive growth through a focus on social sector infrastructure development in line with the previous budgets', said economist Ajitava Roy Chaudhuri.\"A huge amount of foreign investment has been envisaged which is encouraging. Also, there has been a reduction in basic customs duty and CVD on imported inputs for key infrastructure sectors like coal, housing and roads. There is nothing dramatic in this budget. It has obviously been aimed at stability,\" said Roy Chaudhuri.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12298973", "title": "Gollapudi award for Malayalam film 'Melvilasom'", "text": "CHENNAI: The 15th Gollapudi Srinivas National Award for best debut film has been awarded to Madhav Ramadasan for the Malayalam film \" Melvilasom\" for 2011, a press release said.The film, selected from 23 nominations from across the country, will get a cash prize of 1.5 lakh and a memento, on August 12 at the Music Academy here.'Melvilasom' (address), a drama, is a narrative of a closed-door army court martial starkly told. The director in his maiden attempt has rewritten the dynamics of filmmaking with just six characters, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12302742", "title": "In his final days, Osama planned to kill Obama, attack US", "text": "WASHINGTON: In his final days, al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden was planning assassination attempts against US President Barack Obama and another attack on the American soil, according to a media report on Saturday.\"Tapping away at his computer in the study of the suburban compound in Abbottabad...Laden wrote memos urging his followers to continue to try to attack the US, suggesting, for instance, they mount assassination attempts against President Obama and Gen David Petraeus ,\" the CNN's National Security Analyst Peter Bergan wrote. At that time, Petraeus was the commanding general of NATO forces in Afghanistan .\"Bin Laden noted snidely that killing Obama would pave the way for Vice-president Joe Biden to assume the presidency. The al-Qaida leader said Biden was \"totally unprepared\" for the job,\" Bergan wrote based on the background briefing he received from the administration officials this week, who had access to the treasure trove of documents recovered from the Abbottabad hideout of the al-Qaida leader.According to them, Bin Laden wrote a 48-page memo to a deputy in October 2010 that surveyed the state of his organization. He was particularly concerned that al-Qaida's longtime sanctuary in Waziristan in Pakistan's tribal areas was now too dangerous because of the campaign of American drone strikes there that had picked off many of his key lieutenants, it said.\"Bin Laden advised his followers not to move around the tribal regions except on overcast days when America's all-seeing satellites and drones would not have as good coverage of the area. He also urged his followers to depart the tribal regions for the remote Afghan provinces of Ghazni, Zabul and, in particular, Kunar, pointing out that the high mountains and dense forests of Kunar provided especially good protection from prying American eyes,\" he wrote.The al-Qaida leader was especially concerned about the safety of his son Hamza, 20, who was recently released from house arrest. Bin Laden instructed his deputy to tell his son to move out of Waziristan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300266", "title": "Right to education fails to get pass marks, again", "text": "India's ambitious plan of seeing every child in school was short-changed in the Budget again.While the finance minister set aside Rs 25,555 crore for implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, up by 21.7% from last year's Rs 21,000 crore, the allotment failed to enthuse experts. Describing the move as \"disappointing\", Vinod Raina-an architect of the RTE Act-said: \"This year, there is once again a shortfall in funding a fundamental right. It shows how serious the government really is about the RTE (Act).\"March 2013 is the deadline for implementation of the first phase of the Act. \"There is nothing in the Budget that says we are trying to rise to that,\" said Madhav Chavan, founder of Pratham, an NGO. The increase in funds for elementary education from Rs 29,000 crore to Rs 34,000 crore is thanks to an almost similar augmentation of the education cess, which is up from Rs 18,000 crore to Rs 21,670 crore.There is, though, a silver lining for those pursuing higher education. A credit guarantee fund has been introduced for better access to education loans. According to bankers, a portion of their interest earnings from education loans will go to the fund. If there is any default, they can recover their losses from the fund. SBI had reduced interest rates on education loans by one percentage point in February. Pratip Chaudhuri, chairman of SBI, had said banks had proposed such a fund that would encourage them to give education loans.Low-profile agriculture universities and rural development schools benefited from some financial attention they got this year after premier institutions such as the IITs and IISc were bolstered by large one-time grant in previous Budgets.Mukherjee gave Rs 25 crore to Institute of Rural Management, Anand; Rs 50 crore each for a water quality centre with focus on arsenic contamination in Kolkata; University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad; Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University, Hissar; and Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology. Besides, Rs 100 crore has been allocated to Kerala Agricultural University and Acharya N G Ranga Agricultural University, Hyderabad; Rs 15 crore to National Council for Applied Economic Research and Rs 10 crore each to Rajiv Gandhi University, Department of Economics, Itanagar, and Siddharth Vihar Trust, Gulbarga, for a Pali research centre.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299794", "title": "With AC fares up, will Mamatadi now rail against Pranabda?", "text": "Rail travel by AC and first class will be more expensive as the government proposes to levy a 12% service tax, but with abatements that could substantially bring down the effective tax rate to 3.6%.Passengers travelling second and sleeper classes have, however, been exempted from the burden of this additional levy. The finance minister in this Budget included rail travel in the service tax net, proposing to levy 12% service tax on the total ticket amount subject to abatements.Briefing on the Budget, finance secretary R S Gujral said all services would be taxed except those on the negative list. Rail freights have also been brought under the tax net, barring a few essential commodities.Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) chairman S K Goel said the additional income generated in the service tax category would be Rs 18,660 crore out of a total of Rs 45,950 crore gain in the indirect tax revenue due to a hike in rates and additional services included in the service tax net. Goel said the additional income for customs duty would be Rs 2,770 crore and Rs 16,910 crore in excise category. The additional cess on crude oil will generate Rs 7,600 crore in the coming fiscal.Service tax on rail passenger and freights were first proposed to be levied in the Budget for 2010-11. However, the opposition from Mamata Banerjee, who was the then railway minister, forced the government to put it in abeyance. In that Budget, the government had brought domestic air travel, Bollywood movies, IPL cricket, beauty pageants and lotteries under the service tax net. However, this time around, it has put cinematography in the exempted category. While IPL cricket and events like beauty pageants fetch the government upwards of Rs 100 crore each, revenue earned from air travel would be in the range of Rs 500 crore-Rs 700 crore annually.Though the finance ministry has not come out with any revenue projection on the gains to be made from the railways, earlier estimates by the CBEC had put it around Rs 1,000 crore that included levy on freights. The negative list comprises 17 heads and includes all services provided by the government or local authorities, except a few specified services where they compete with private sector such as air travel.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12299446", "title": "4 get life term in murdering businessman, approver released", "text": "JAIPUR: A lower court here on Friday sentenced four men including the owner of 'Gajab Namkeen' to life imprisonment convicting them in the infamous murder of 'Ajab Namkeen' owner Yuvraj Pandya in 2005. One of the accused who turned approver was released.According to special public prosecutor BS Chouhan, the owner of Ajab Namkeen, Yuvraj Pandya had been shot dead in broad daylight on June 22, 2005. \"A special investigating team under the supervision of the then inspector general of police was formed. The focus of investigation soon shifted to Yuvraj's brother Sanjay Jain when it came up that both had business rivalry,\" said Chouhan.After investigation, Yuvraj's brother Sanjay was arrested for hiring contract killers to murder Yuvraj over business rivalry. He along with three others - Rajendra Kumar Jain, Sonu Yadav and Lavkush Lamba were arrested on February 13, while another accused Ghanshyam was nabbed on May 5, 2006.It came up that Sanjay Jain had asked his friend Rajendra to hire contract killers to eliminate Yuvraj. \"The three contract killers were from Madhya Pradesh. Some of them had worked at the canteen of the state secretariat also,\" said Chouhan.He added that on June 22, 2005, Yuvraj had come to the Jain temple in Sindhi Colony in a car. \"He was shot at while coming out of the temple. He died on the spot,\" said Chouhan.While Lavkush turned approver during the trial, others were prosecuted. \"Statements of about 56 witnesses were read by the prosecution during the trial. The role of a few policemen during trial including a head-constable had been quite helpful,\" Chouhan told TOI.The special court, Sati cases on Friday sentenced Sanjay and three others to life imprisonment, while Lavkush was released. The accused were under judicial custody since their arrest. The court has also slapped a fine on the four accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12299443", "title": "Income tax raid on power infrastructure company", "text": "VADODARA: A major Vadodara-based power infrastructure company has come under the scanner of income tax (IT) department.The IT department on Thursday raided the company's corporate office and factories to find out its undisclosed income and assets. The raids will continue for next few days.IT officials, under police scrutiny, raided the company's premises in Mumbai, its corporate office at Gorwa and production facility on the outskirts of Vadodara. Officials said that about 10 lockers were sealed while lakhs of rupees in cash were seized.The IT department has been on a drive to track down industries and firms that have been avoiding paying tax by not disclosing their actual incomes and assets. The IT department discovered tax evasion to the tune of Rs 200 crore in this fiscal year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298729", "title": "Three bikes stolen from across Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Three vehicles were reportedly stolen from across the city.A two-wheeler was stolen from near Gangaram Kirana Shop on Mahatma Gandhi Road on March 10 between 8pm and 10pm.The owner Nilesh Kulkarni, owner of the bike has registered a complaint with at the Bhadrakali police station.In the second another incident, a Hero Honda Passion was reported stolen from the Trimurti Chowk, Cidco on March 9. The Baban Kadam of Savta Nagar Cidco has lodged a complaint in this regard.Another bike was reportedly stolen on the night of March 12 from the parking of Lok Kalyan housing society in Pandav Nagri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300135", "title": "DGP Shankar Bidari to go, Infant is in", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), Bangalore bench, on Friday quashed the appointment of Shankar M Bidari as Director General of Police (head of police force) of Karnataka. It has directed for appointing AR Infant to the post on ad hoc basis immediately till UPSC considers a list for regular appointment as his name is the only one that remains in the empanelled list.The CAT bench comprising judicial member B Suresh and administrative member Leena Mehandale has held that the actual scenario about Bidari was not placed before UPSC in the backdrop of NHRC findings and the same is void.\"Notwithstanding the allegations of political consideration and extraneous reasons as made by the applicant, we find the appointment is a result of non-application of mind due to deliberate suppression of material facts. Even though a full picture was available with regard to Bidari in relation to excesses as STF chief, the chief secretary, the home secretary and DPAR secretary failed to present them.The empanelment was without UPSC having the benefit of full information regarding Bidari and it is void,'' the bench said in its 74- page verdict.It said that any selection to posts like chief secretary and DG &amp; IG be commenced after examining all available inputs and material facts regarding candidates and also placing the same for empanelment. The bench discounted Bidari's assertion that no police officer was indicted in relation to STF excesses while undertaking anti-Veerappan operations and observed that granting of compensation and testimonies of victims were enough.Infant, who also holds DGP rank and is presently DGP for Fire and Emergency Services and director of civil defence and commandant general of Home Guards, had challenged the November 30, 2011 appointment of Shankar Bidari to succeed Neelam Achuta Rao overlooking his seniority, merit, range of experience and excellent record. In his petition, Infant had also alleged that the state government had ignored the National Human Rights Commission's (NHRC) findings of serious human rights violations of villagers by STF, commanded by Bidari, during the anti-Veerappan operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300792", "title": "Higher levies may add fuel to fire of inflation", "text": "Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's budget proposals are expected to end up fanning inflation.Mukherjee, who has spent most of his second term in North Block grappling with double-digit inflation, has chosen to increase excise and service tax rates by 2 percentage points to raise more resources. But the move will make everything from papads to automobiles more expensive. With the budget indicating that subsidy is going to come down, petrol and diesel prices will go up and increase commuting and transportation cost.With tension in Iran, crude petroleum prices are already rising and sooner or later, the state-run oil marketing companies will be forced to increase prices. Luckily for the FM, the government still does not measure inflation for services such as telecom and restaurants. Else, the overall number will go up and the average consumer's difficulties will show up in the data too.At a post-budget presser, chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu said inflation based on wholesale price index is expected to be around 7% at the end of March and 6.5% in April. The Reserve Bank of India has once again sounded caution on inflation saying the upside risks have risen. The latest data shows that inflation inched up marginally to 6.95% in February.The government, however, said on Friday that moderating inflation will create condition for the central bank to ease interest rates.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300163", "title": "\u2018Price of fridge should have gone down\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: According to Union Budget 2012-13, the excise duty on consumer electronics will increase from 10% to 12%.So, residents will have to shell out about Rs 800-1,000 more for a split AC. A 240-litre five-star frost-free refrigerator will cost between Rs 400 and Rs 800 more, varying from brand to brand and a fully-automatic front-loading washing machine would cost about Rs 1,200 more. The news has come as a rude surprise for city residents, especially homemakers. Rekha Salvaan, a homemaker staying in Sector 22 said, \"People have started using more home appliances like fridge these days so logically their price should have gone down.\"Gaurika Salwan of Sector 38, who has recently constructed another floor in her house, said they were planning to install new AC. \"But with the price shooting up we will have to cut down on other expenses which doesn't sound good.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299337", "title": "Home-buying now more TDS", "text": "Purchasing an immovable property generally involves running from pillar to post. Now, a home buyer (and seller) will need to run to the bank to deposit TDS.The FM has proposed TDS on transfer of immovable properties (other than agricultural land) at the rate of 1% where the sale consideration exceeds the specified threshold. The threshold is an amount of over Rs 50 lakh in an urban area and Rs 20 lakh elsewhere. This has been done to collect tax at the earliest point and also to have a reporting mechanism of transactions.For better compliance, it is also proposed that a registering officer will not register the transfer of any immovable property where taxes are required to be deducted unless the buyer furnishes proof of deduction and payment of TDS.For reducing the compliance burden on the buyer, a simple one-page challan for payment of TDS is proposed. This amendment will take effect from October 1.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12308648", "title": "Naga speaker rejects opposition Lokayukta bill", "text": "KOHIMA: \"The Nagaland Lokayukta Bill 2012\" - a private bill brought to the house on Friday by opposition Congress MLA C Apok Jamir - was rejected by speaker Kiyanilie Peseyie for certain deficiencies.Following strong objection from the ruling bench over certain anomalies and deficiencies in the bill, Peseyie gave the ruling that the bill will not be accepted unless all necessary formalities are fulfilled and a complete bill is submitted afresh.The jolt to the bill came when Nagaland parliamentary affairs minister T R Zeliang put up a strong objection to granting leave for the private bill to be introduced in the house pointing out various flaws and deficiencies and terming it as \"highly deficient and incomplete\". He reminded that the bill, like many other parliamentary laws introduced in the state casually without proper filtering, will fetter away the hard-earned special status and position of the Nagas under Article 371-(A).Zeliang pointed out that Naga national workers (rebels) are engaged in six decades of dialogue with the Centre for an honourable and acceptable settlement to the political quest. Article 371-A of the Constitution of India is the current guardian of Naga rights, he added.Stating that a bill is not just a piece of paper but has to comply with all requirements of the rules of procedure, Zeliang pointed out that a member concerned has to give a month's notice for bringing in any private members bills under the rules of procedure and also provide statement of objects and reasons which the bill seeks to fulfill.Moreover, since the clause of the bill seeks to establish Lokayukta, secretariat and special courts, which will involve expenditure from the consolidate fund of India and as such, the bill has to be accompanied by a financial memorandum explaining the total expenditure involved if the bill is enacted which the private bill has failed. Further, he pointed out that the bill does not meet the requirement as clauses have not been printed in thick or italics.If the subjects in Article 371-A(1)(a) is enumerated, administration of civil and criminal justice involving decisions, according to Naga customary law, is one important subject, he said adding that a substantial portion of criminal law is inapplicable to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12301266", "title": "Forest &amp; Electrosteel Steel Limited locked in land dispute", "text": "BOKARO: The forest department and the Electrosteel Steel Limited (ESL) are at loggerheads over land dispute. Although the dispute is growing since existence of the company at Siyalojori and Bagabandh areas of Chandankyari block, the matter has become more sensitive these days.While forest officials are aggrieved over the alleged encroachment by the ESL on forest, the ESL authorities allege that the forest officials are heaping false charges on them.On Thursday, Siyaljori police lodged an FIR against additional conservator of forest (ACF) Shambhu Prasad, ranger Ashok Kumar along with 15 forest employees for stopping construction work of the ESL. Police had earlier refused to lodge the case following which the company went to court for a direction on this. A forest team had seized two earth movers of the ESL that were being used by the company for leveling its land at Bhaghaband in Siyaljori on February 21.However Bokaro divisional forest officer K Manish Arvind said they had stopped the ESL from encroaching on forest land in the area as despite several warnings the company was encroaching on forest land which forced them to conduct raid and seize their vehicles. \"We have submitted a report related to the matter to principal chief conservator of forest of the state forest department, Hazaribagh commissioner, DC and SP of Bokaro,\" he said.The Baghaband which was being levelled by the ESL belongs to forest department. \"We received information from villagers that the ESL has pressed chain dozers and a dumper for leveling plot number 1120, 51.34 acres of notified, demarcated and protected forest land adjacent to the ESL steel plant's boundary wall at Baghaband mouja towards Khumbhataad. Acting on the information, the team rushed to the spot and seized the vehicles,\" he said.Arvind added that the ESL had encroached on more than 100 acres of forest land in Baghaband. \"At present, the situation is such that we have to take help of police for conducting raids to stop ESL activities on forest land.\"He said on November 12 the forest team in a similar incident seized three earth movers of the ESL which was levelling forest land illegally, but the ESL workers overpowered their officials and staff and freed their vehicles away from their possession, he said.ESL joint general manager C P Pandey said the allegation made by forest officials against the company of encroaching forest land was baseless. \"We have lodged a complaint against the forest officials for forcefully stopping the construction work on our own land which we had bought. The forest department came with bad intention and stopped levelling work saying it was forest land. They even misbehaved with our employees and threatened to register false cases against us. We have sought help from administration in this regard,\" he said.However, in the past few years the forest department has lodged near 50 cases against the ESL for encroaching its land. In the past eight months, over 12 cases have been lodged against the company. Pandey said the company had lodged two cases against forest department. Besides, many of the cases lodged by the forest officers have been quashed by court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12301070", "title": "Supreme Court to examine validity of nuclear liability law", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to examine the constitutional validity of the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act, 2010 and admitted a PIL, which accused the UPA government of succumbing to foreign pressure to limit compensation obligation of nuclear reactor operators to a meagre Rs 1,500 crore when leakage or accident could prove catastrophic for a huge population.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar, however, refused to go into the other part of the PIL demanding a transparent safety audit of existing nuclear reactors and setting up of an independent regulator to recommend safety measures.\"We are not experts and have scientific limitations to adjudicate highly technical issue like reactor safety. But since the Civil Liability of Nuclear Damage Act has a link to right to life, we will examine the validity of the law,\" the bench said.Advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for NGO 'Common Cause', strived to convince the bench about the importance of independent safety audit of nuclear reactors. \"Only three safety audits have been carried out so far and no one knows what happened to the 95 safety recommendations,\" he said.\"Fukushima disaster forced Japan to close down all its nuclear reactors despite these contributing 30% of power. That is because the Japanese government respected the citizens' serious concern about safety of nuclear power plants. This again is the reason behind the ongoing agitation against a nuclear power plant in India,\" he added.The bench said, \"For the government to listen, there has to be agitation. There is no doubt about it. But we have our Constitution which provides for separation of power. We understand your concern. But this is something the government is required to do. The courts cannot intervene in everything. Moreover, there is a bill for setting up of nuclear regulator pending in Parliament. Who can say at the end of the debate, the mechanism adopted by legislature would not make it a very independent body.\"Bhushan said for last 17 years, there had not been any independent safety audit of nuclear reactors and now the Centre has proposed a regulating body which on paper appeared to be \"completely subservient to the government\".Attorney general G E Vahanvati opposed Bhushan's remarks on the independence of the proposed regulator. He said, \"The proposed body is most independent. In the US, the president can remove members of the regulator at his whims and fancy. In India, we have put a clause that they can be removed only on misconduct count.\"The petition, filed through advocate Pranav Sachdeva, said the Act by limiting liability on nuclear reactor operators to Rs 1,500 crore had breached the \"polluter pays\" principle laid down by the apex court and did not protect the right of the citizen to a clean, healthy and safe environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12298990", "title": "Controversial tehsildar Fulsunge suspended", "text": "GONDIA: Controversial tehsildar of Deori Dilip Fulsunge has been suspended. Revenue minister Balasaheb Vikhe Patil gave the information to the house while replying to a question raised by MLA Devendra Fadnavis, Dr Khushal Bopche and Nana Patole during the ongoing state legislature.The minister also informed that an inquiry against the tehsildar would be completed within three months. The tehsildar would be immediately dismissed if found guilty, Patil assured the house.Fulsunge had allegedly misbehaved with a woman talathi, committed fraud and also paid ransom to Naxals.It may be recalled that there were series of complaints - like misappropriation of funds, misbehaving with a woman talathi, paying ransom to Naxals - against Fulsunge.It may be noted that there were series of complaints against this Tehildar which included misappropriation of lands, miss behavior with lady talathi, payment of ransom to the naxsallites corruption in the metal works of build com. and no cognizance was taken of these complaints for quite some times. So in reply to the questions of the above MLAs revenue minister Vikhe patil told the house that the chief secretary has already suspended the above officer and assured that stern action against him shall be taken if he is found guilty. This information is given by MLA Dr. Bopche.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12301269", "title": "Toy train to chug extra miles this summer", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: To accommodate more tourists in Nilgiris during summer season , special trips will be operated on the Nilgiris Mountain Railway (NMR) between Mettupalayam and Ooty.The summer special services are likely to commence from April 14 and continue at least for two months, Southern Railway general manager Deepak Krishan said.Aspecial inspection-run of the second oil-fired indigenous engine was conducted by Krishan from Mettupalayam to Coonoor on Friday.\"Rolling out of the second indigenous engine was delayed as there were a few teething problems with the first one that was resolved at the Trichy Golden Rock workshop before it was released,\" said Krishan.The loco is to complete the final stage of trials to haul at least three passenger coaches. The new engine has the power to haul four coaches. Apart from three Swiss made X-class old engines, the heritage section has been added with two new oil-fired locos.Apart from two new locos in the NMR section, two metregauge oil-fired steam locos are being made at the Golden Rock railway workshop in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12299034", "title": "DMK MLA detained at airport for carrying bullets", "text": "MADURAI: DMK MLA K C Palanisamy was detained at Madurai airport on Friday morning while attempting to board a flight to Chennai after 21 bullets were found in his bag.The bullets were seized and Palanisamy, who represents Aravakurichi in Karur district, was taken to Perungudi police station. He was later released and the ammunition was handed back to him as he possessed an arms licence. He explained that he took the bullets along unaware of their presence in his bag.Palanisamy, one of the richest MLAs of the DMK with interests in various trades including sand mining in Karur district, was in Sankarankoil constituency for campaigning. He left Sankarankoil in the morning and arrived at Madurai airport to board a flight to Chennai. But a security check revealed that there were 21 bullets in the bag he was carrying. The security personnel immediately detained the 70-year-old MLA and started quizzing him. When his explanations were not convincing enough, the security personnel informed police.Madurai rural SP Asra Garg also visited the police station and conducted enquiries. A visibly upset Palanisamy explained that he possessed a valid licence for a pistol and that's why he had the bullets. \"He said he was tense as he had already missed a flight to Chennai and was rushing to board the next flight. In the rush, he mistook the bag with the bullets for his medical kit and took it along,'' said a police officer.Palanisamy also said he had given his pistol to one of his aides who took it to Chennai by road. Convinced by his statement, the police gave him the bullets and let him go. He went to Chennai by car.As soon as news spread that the MLA was detained, there was a flutter among his supporters who gathered in front of the police station. They dispersed after he was let off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12301418", "title": "Budget India 2012: Devil in the fine print", "text": "Here are some googlies Pranabda has bowled... Caring and sharing will now come with riders!! Cash donations above Rs 10,000 towards scientific research or rural development or to certain funds, charitable institutions will not be eligible for tax benefits under section 80G and 80GGA of the Act.The new mantra:\"Everyone should contribute to the exchequer even if there is no taxable income\" !! - Alternate Minimum Tax (' AMT' ) @ 18.5% would be applicable to all persons (eg partnership firms, sole proprietorships, association of persons, etc). The only silver lining is that AMT would apply only if adjusted total income exceeds Rs 20 lakh. India Inc is already on the MAT, now others join the party. An independent director in a company ? Watch-out ! Director fees would now be subject to TDS! The taxman is also interested in any asset (including financial interest in any entity) owned by you outside India. Now, you need to file a return of income if you own any asset outside India or even if you are a mere signatory for any off shore account!!This, even if you do not have any taxable income. In case you earned any income from such assets, the taxman has power to reassess such income for a period of 16 years. Happy that you can now invest long term capital gains from sale of house property in a company that qualifies as small and medium enterprise (' SME' ) to save tax, hold on. You should own at least 50% (share capital or voting power) in such newly set up SME which should be engaged in manufacturing and the investments must be made in the prescribed manner. The taxman does not find any distinction between intentional or unintentional mistakes: furnishing of incorrect information in TDS statements (even unintentional) could result in levy of penalty ranging from Rs 10,000 to Rs 100,000! Domestic transactions are now international transactions.Confused? Transfer pricing provisions will now also apply to specified domestic transactions with related parties if the aggregate value of specified domestic transactions exceeds Rs 5 crores. The taxman is superior to the Courts! A plethora of amendments (many of them applicable with retrospective effect) have been introduced to overrule judicial precedents in favor of tax payers: Consideration for right to use or right to use computer software is now royalty income , subject to withholding tax in India. This puts to rest the ongoing litigation in case of import of shrink wrapped software.Consideration for transmission services by satellite, cable, optic fibre or any other similar technology shall be regarded as royalty subject to tax withholding. Transfer now also includes indirect transfer: any share or interest in a company or any entity registered or incorporated outside India shall be deemed to have been situated in India if substantial assets related to such share or interest are located in India.Tax residency certificate may not be enough to access tax treaty benefits. Non-residents may henceforth be liable to pay advance tax even if the income was subject to tax deduction at source if the payer has failed to deduct TDS. Readymade garments may be cheaper with the effective excise duty coming down from 4.6% to 3.7%. But tailoring now attracts a service tax of 12.36%. The cost of parts for hybrid cars has come down with excise duty down from 10.3% to 6.18%, but ironically the excise duty on the car itself is up.WITH INPUTS FROM ERNST &amp; YOUNGFull Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299112", "title": "Budger 2012: A touch of silver for their golden years", "text": "While distributing relief to the salaried, Pranabda made a few concessions for senior citizens. The finance minister announced on Friday that senior citizens will no longer be required to pay advance tax if they are not running \"a business/profession\". Along with this, he increased the deduction against the premium paid to buy medical insurance to Rs 20,000 from the earlier Rs 15,000.The second change will help save the elderly an additional amount of Rs 1,500 if their income falls in the highest tax slab. And the first will help in reducing the compliance burden on senior citizens. The finance minister also increased the deduction for medical treatment of a senior citizen to Rs 60,000 from Rs 40,000. And while at it, he allowed a tax exemption of up to Rs 5,000 for preventive health check-ups.Dr Pratap Reddy, CMD of Apollo Hospital, hailed the exemption for health checks, saying it would encourage early detection of diseases - particularly cancer, heart ailments and diabetes, which are on the rise - and help trim the expense burden.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300661", "title": "Union Budget: Cochin Port Trust and Cochin Shipyard Limited left in the lurch", "text": "KOCHI: It's been a disappointment for major PSUs like Cochin Port Trust (CPT) and Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) as no specific schemes have been announced for them.The union budget mentions investment of 56.1 crore for CSL and 83.4 crore for CPT. But sources said these are planned annual internal investments of both organizations and no additional allocation has been made as part of the budget.The budget mentions issuing 5,000 crore tax-free infrastructure bonds for ports. But CPT sources conceded that they may not be able to avail this option as their balance sheet is already showing losses.The CPT had requested central assistance of 100 crore in order to meet additional expenditure it is incurring for dredging to facilitate movement of large vessels to ICTT Vallarpadam. But the budget is silent on this request. However, the budget has announced five% reduction in countervailing duties for dredging, with retrospective effect. ``This will bring down our dredging cost,'' port sources said.Officials of the proposed Vizhinjam Port said it was not clear whether they would be able to use the infra bond route to raise funds. \"This 4,010 crore port has been mooted primarily as a state government project, and we have to study if we can go in for a funding programme announced by the Centre,'' Suresh Kumar, of Vizhinjam International Seaport, said. The state government is already planning to launch bonds for 800 crore as part of fund mobilisation for the project.The budget announcement waiving 5% customs duty on the import of LNG will be of immense help to customers dependant on the upcoming five million tonne LNG terminal of the Petronet LNG Limited at Puthuvypeen. The budget has also allocated 6.4 crore for the Cochin Export Processing Zone.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12301055", "title": "Supreme Court notice to Centre and states on missing children", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday issued notices to the Centre and state governments on a PIL for setting up of an advanced scientific mechanism to investigate and recover missing children, with over 1.17 lakh reported missing in the last two years.\"In India, in the period of January 2008 to January 2010, over 1.17 lakh children have gone missing in 392 districts in India. Out of them, 41,546 are still untraced,\" said senior advocate H S Phoolka appearing for NGO petitioner 'Bachpan Bachao Andolan'.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and S S Nijjar issued notices to the governments asking for their response within four weeks but appreciated the efforts of police in recovering a majority of the missing children.The petitioner said, \"The instances of missing children are highest in Maharashtra followed by West Bengal, Delhi and Madhya Pradesh. The number of untraced missing children is highest in West Bengal followed by Maharashtra, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh.\"The petitioner sought a direction to the Union government to formulate a National Action Plan on the issue of missing children which should include investigation, recovery, counseling and a standard operating procedures (SOP) for law enforcing agencies on coordinating their efforts. It said on the efforts of Delhi High Court, the police had made operational some SOPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12300772", "title": "6,290 students take II PU exams", "text": "MANGALORE: As many as 6,290 students appeared on the second day of the PU II examination across 48 centres in Dakshina Kannada district on Friday. While 5,546 out of 5,602 registered candidates wrote Biology paper, 744 of 758 appeared for Electronics. The number of absentees for Biology and Electronics papers was 56 and 14, respectively.Sources in the PU department said that no cases of copying or any other malpractice was reported. The district-level vigilance squad, formed under the leadership of deputy director V L H Kedilaya and other officials, visited several centres to ensure smooth conduct of exams. Meanwhile, five block-level squads led by nodal officers also visited the centres in Puttur, Sullia, Belthangady, Bantwal, Moodbidri and Mangalore blocks. As many as 30,129 candidates in the district have registered for the examinations. Of them, 25,736 are regular students,while 2,644 belong to private registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300158", "title": "Warrant against IAS official", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court has issued a warrant of arrest against former HRD secretary K K Pathak in a case of criminal contempt of court following his order to recover \"excess\" payment from teachers of universities despite the court directive not to take any coercive action against them.A division bench comprising Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain issued the arrest warrant as Pathak did not appear before it on Friday in response to its summons issued on March 2. The court, however, said it could consider granting bail if the official gave an undertaking to appear before it on the next date of hearing on April 6.A Bihar-cadre IAS official, Pathak is currently on central deputation, posted as joint secretary in the Union home ministry.A single bench comprising Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh initiated suo motto contempt proceedings against Pathak in September 2010 after he as the then HRD secretary ordered the recovery of \"excess\" payment. The court had earlier ordered \"no coercive action\" while hearing petitions of Patna University teachers - Vinay Kanth, Dharmsheela Prasad and P K Poddar.During the civil contempt proceedings, Pathak did not respond to repeated summonses issued by the single bench. He was even fined Rs 25,000 for defying the court order. The single bench later initiated criminal contempt proceedings and referred the matter to the division bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306872", "title": "India's entry at the Cannes this year", "text": "Shivajee Chandrabhushan, the filmmaker who made the path breaking black and white film, \" Frozen\" with Danny Denzongpa in 2007, is back with yet another revolutionary film, titled, \" The Untold Tale\".The film has already been selected as one among the 15 films hand picked from across the world in the 2012 L' Atelier, which is to be screened at this year's Cannes film festival slated from May 18 to 25.The film is about a puppeteer's journey to India in search of her father whom she lost years ago.While Shivajee says he is \"proud to represent India at this prestigious platform\", the producer and script writer of \"The Untold Tale\", Triparna Baneerjee says, \"We have been putting the script together since nearly four years now and are glad that it has made it this far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300308", "title": "Budget 2012: Fully charged to power ahead", "text": "The power industry is feeling fully charged. Consumers will be able to see the light in the coming years as the Budget measures make fuel a little more affordable, reduce funding costs and ease tax burden for generators.Exemption from 5% customs and 1% countervailing duty on coal allows a breather to imported fuel-fired plants. For domestic coal-fired projects, imports become a viable means to bridge supply shortfall from Coal India Ltd. CRISIL's Prasad Koparkar says projects running on imported coal can expect a net realization of 3%. Major beneficiaries for this sop include the Adani Group, Jindal Power, Reliance Power and Tata Power.A similar sop for gas imported in ships (LNG or liquefied natural gas) will help restart capacity stranded by domestic supply shortage. GAIL chairman B C Tripathi says consumers can expect a 3%-5% netback in gas price after offsetting higher excise and service tax rates. Lanco, GVK, Torrent and NTPC are set to benefit too.Permission to go for overseas borrowings and reduction in withholding tax from 20% to 5% for three years lowers funding costs. Reliance Power, with some $5 billion borrowings, and China Light &amp; Power, with about Rs 4,500 crore borrowings, have emerged as the biggest beneficiaries. Expect a beeline for external commercial borrowings.The extension till March 31, 2013, of the last date for claiming the 10-year tax holiday will help project economics of almost all players since they have plans coming on stream through the terminal year of the 12th Plan. Many of these are running late and would have lost the incentive.Exemption from tax on dividend paid to parent company by a SPV ensures better returns and rewards efficiency. All ultra-mega power projects - three by Reliance Power and one of the Tata Group - joint-ventures of NTPC gain. Duty-free import of mining equipment lowers mining cost of power projects with captive coal mines. NTPC, Reliance Power, Adani and Jindal Power have big coal mining plans. But the biggest beneficiary, perhaps, would be Coal India and iron ore miner NMDC.Not everyone is happy, though. China Light and Reliance Power say greater attention to availability of land, environmental clearances and state utilities' inability to pay bills is critical to make sure India has adequate power infrastructure to realize GDP growth potential.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304832", "title": "No rush to release Urumi in Kollywood", "text": "It's been almost an year since the Mollywood version of Sathosh Sivan's period flick Urumi hit the screens. However, contrary to other multi-lingual films, the director and its actor-producer Prithviraj was never in a rush to screen it in other states.\"Urumi is film that has to be seen on the big screen if one is to experience its true essence , and we wanted it to be released properly,\" says Prithviraj. Though they had planned to release it earlier, production companies in Kollywood had other films that were waiting to be released during the allotted time.\"This, however, worked as a boon as it gave me more time to work on the dubbing and editing, rather than come out with a rushed job,\" says Santhosh, adding that a release date for the Tamil version will be announced soon.The film, a fantasy tale of a man who wanted to kill Vasco Da Gama, was critically acclaimed for its script, effects and was also screened at several international film festivals.The film stars Prabhu Deva, Genelia D'Souza, Nitya Menen and Jagathy. Actors Arya, Vidya Balan and Tabu played guest roles. It was a super hit in Kerala and has fared reasonably well in Tollywood too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "proposal", "code": "12301432", "title": "Budget 2012: Times guide to income tax", "text": "Proposal: The basic threshold limit for income-tax has been revised upwards marginally for individual taxpayers (except senior citizens) from Rs 1,80,000 to Rs 2,00,000.Impact: This will result in a tax savings for Rs 2,060 (Rs 1,030 for women ) across the board. Those having taxable income up to Rs 2,00,000 are out of income-tax ambit.P: While the tax slab rates (10% /20%/ 30%) remain the same, the trigger for the top tax slab (30%) has been raised from Rs 8,00,000 to Rs 10,00,000.I: This will result in a tax saving of upto Rs 20,600 (in addition to Rs 1,030/ Rs 2,030) for persons having income above Rs 8,00,000.P: Senior citizens are no longer required to pay advance tax, if they are not running any business/ profession.I: This will help reduce the compliance burden for senior citizens. However, they will need to pay their taxes before filing the annual return of income.P: A deduction of upto Rs 10,000 for interest from savings bank accounts is proposed while computing taxable income.I: This will save tax of upto Rs 3,090 on savings bank interest income. If taxable salary income is up to Rs 5,00,000 and interest from savings bank accounts is up to Rs 10,000, no tax return is to be filed.P: An additional avenue of Rs 5,000 is also available to cover expenses for preventive health check-ups for self and family members within the overall limit of Rs 15,000 for Mediclaim insurance premium.I: This will allow taxpayers to recover some part of such expenses and encourage them to keep a tab on their health.P: Capital gains from sale of house property will not be taxable, if invested in equity shares of eligible companies (typically SMEs).I: An additional avenue is now available to save tax on capital gains. This will also channelize funds to the small and medium enterprise (SME) sector.P: Additional deduction for infrastructure bonds of Rs 20,000 has not been extended beyond assessment year 2012-13 .I: Such bonds will lose their attractiveness.P: Securities Transaction Tax (' STT' ) reduced on delivery based equity transactions by 20% from 0.125% to 0.1%.I: This will reduce the transaction cost of purchasing/ selling shares in the secondary market/ stock exchanges and give a fillip to the capital market.P: Tax benefits (deduction for premium or exemption for maturity proceeds) are no longer available to new life insurance policies having annual premiums of more than 10% of sum assured (this does not take into account the loyalty bonus component).I: New life insurance policies will not carry tax benefits any longer if premiums are more than 10% (presently 20%) of actual assured amount. The present life insurance policies thankfully will not be impacted by this change.P: Seller of immovable property with value exceeding Rs 5,000,000 for urban areas (Rs 2,000,000 for rural areas) will need to deduct tax at source @ 1% of the sale value, and pay it to the government treasury.I: While this will help in tracking/ bringing to tax the transactions in real estate sector generally, there would be an additional compliance burden to be undertaken by the seller.P: Additional tax of 1% will be collected at source from the buyer on cash purchases of jewellery, bullion, etc, if value exceeds Rs 2,00,000.I: While this is intended to track the cash transactions in the jewellery/ bullion market, additional tax levy would increase the cost of the purchase and create an administrative burden for the seller.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299125", "title": "Budget 2012: Welcome slab in your face", "text": "I must be cruel to be kind, said finance minister Pranab Mukherjee while quoting from Shakespeare's Hamlet in his budget speech. If the hike in service tax was cruel, the kindest cut came by way of personal income-tax. The finance minister rejigged tax slabs to give assessees an extra Rs 4,500 crore in their pockets though the benefit accrues to a small number of taxpayers.The first gain was with the raising of the tax exemption limit to Rs 2,00,000 for all individual taxpayers up to 60 years of age. Till last year, the exemption limit for men was Rs 1,80,000 and for women Rs 1,90,000. The raising of exemption limit by Rs 20,000 for male taxpayers and by Rs 10,000 for female taxpayers will benefit them by Rs 2,060 and Rs 1,030 respectively (see chart). According to the data provided by the finance ministry, this change is expected to benefit around 2.02 crore taxpayers.The exemption limit for other two categories of taxpayers-age group of 60-80 and above 80 years-has remained unchanged at Rs 2,50,000 and Rs 5,00,000 respectively.As there is no change in the slab till the income of Rs 8,00,000, the benefit of Rs 2,060 for men and Rs 1,030 for women taxpayers continues. It's only after that the real benefit kicks in since the upper income limit for those in the 20% tax slab has been increased toRs 10,00,000 from the present level of Rs 8,00,000. The net savings for individuals having an income of Rs 10,00,000 will be Rs 22,660 along with 3% cess on income tax. For women taxpayers, the savings will be Rs 21,630. The savings will remain the same after that even if income goes over a crore.The maximum benefit of around Rs 22,000 due to new tax rates will accrue to only 5 lakh taxpayers of the total 3 crore assesses in the country. The finance minister explained in his speech that he was enhancing the exemption limit as a move towards implementation of direct tax code (DTC) rates. \"Although DTC will not be effective from this year, I propose to introduce the DTC rates for personal income tax,'' he announced.Interestingly, the tax rates proposed by the parliamentary standing committee on finance were different from what Mukherjee proposed in the budget. According to the committee report, income up to Rs 3,00,000 was made tax exempt. According to the report, income between Rs 3,00,000 and Rs 10,00,000 was chargeable at tax rate of 10%; between Rs 10,00,000 and Rs 20,00,000 at 20%; and income beyond Rs 20,00,000 at 30%.By introducing the new tax slabs and calling them the DTC rates, Mukherjee made it clear that the standing committee report on tax rates will not be accepted. The standing committee had also suggested that the exemption limit should be automatically adjusted to inflation every year.Mukherjee, however, retained slabs for the other two categories of taxpayers-between the age group of 60-80 and above 80. The exemption limit for these two categories remained unchanged at Rs 2.5 lakh for taxpayers in the 60-80 age bracket and Rs 5 lakh for those above 80.But the upper limit of 20% tax slab increased to Rs 10,00,000 from Rs 8,00,000 in both categories. Therefore, taxpayers in these categories will save Rs 20,600 if their income is Rs 10 lakh and more. But taxpayers in these categories up to Rs 8,00,000 income will not save anything extra due the provisions in this budget.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12299901", "title": "Porvorim cops hunt for thief in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "PANAJI: A police team led by Porvorim PI Sagar Ekoskar is in Uttar Pradesh to nab 40-year-old Naseer, from Ghaziabad, who had come down to Goa with some others and had committed thefts. The police have arrested Sonu Singh, Noor Mehmood and Naushad alias Dilshad Tahir, who revealed that Naseer offered them 1 lakh each and brought them to Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300133", "title": "Railway official involved in job racket held", "text": "PATNA: The CBI on Thursday arrested senior transport manager (safety), Eastern Railway, Kolkata, Mithilesh Kumar Sinha here in connection with a job racket.CBI SP V K Singh said that Sinha was interrogated at the CBI office here and after he admitted his involvement in the racket, he was arrested. He said that Sinha was produced before a court at Muzaffarpur on Friday and was taken on police remand for four days.In 2008, he was posted as assistant operating manager, EC Railway, Danapur. It may be recalled that in 2008, in the name of 'Fresh Face Recruitment', some people were appointed fraudulently. It was Sinha who had taken money from a few prospective candidates for facilitating job in the railways and for that he managed fake and forged appointment papers for them, CBI sources said. The members of this gang used to prepare fake documents and subsequently used to issue appointment letters. These fake appointment letters used to be sent along with genuine official correspondence through messenger to camouflage the fraud. Medical examination of the candidates was being secured by issuing medical memos to CMOs.It may be recalled that Kumari Ashna was issued fake appointment order for job in Danapur division whereas Jitender Kumar Yadav, Harish Chandra Yadav, Awadhesh Kumar and Anand Vidyarthi were issued fake appointment orders for job under Mughalsarai division and Bishwas Kumar Srivastava secured a forged letter for job under Dhanbad division. However, Ashna, Srivastava and Jitender could not join because the fraud was detected before they could join. The CBI had earlier registered a case in 2008 in this connection and submitted chargesheet against candidates who got appointment on fake appointment orders. A senior railway personnel officer, Mohd Ali Mirza, and one Asish Kumar were arrested in this case this month. Investigation further unfolded that Sinha had allegedly taken money from Awadhesh and Vidyarthi and facilitated their appointment in the railways on the basis of fake appointment papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "12304938", "title": "Lankan army chief slams proposed resolution at UN meet", "text": "COLOMBO: With a US-backed resolution on Sri Lanka's rights record expected to be moved at the UNHRC meet next week, the country's army chief has claimed that the motive behind the move was to frame President Mahinda Rajapaksa and his brother Gotabhaya Rajapaksa, the powerful Defence Secretary.Lt Gen Jagath Jayasuriya, addressing troops in the island nation's north yesterday, said the resolution was a challenge that Sri Lanka had to face.\"My personal view is that Western nations did not like us ending terrorism. The President did not cave in to pressures from the West to halt the war. He went ahead finishing it,\" he said.\"It is clear that they are holding the President and Defence Secretary responsible. Their aim is clear\", Jayasuriya said.The proposed resolution seeks to bind Sri Lanka to implement the recommendations of its own reconciliation commission. It presses for wider accountability over alleged rights abuses during the final phase of the military conflict with the LTTE in May 2009.Jayasuriya said the army was willing to investigate specific accusations against any of its troops.\"The army is disciplined, they did not abuse human rights during the war,\" Jayasuriya, who took over the command of the Sri Lanka army after the war came to its end, said.Sri Lankan government has organised mass demonstrations of public support against the planned action by the West which, it claimed, was aimed at undermining Sri Lanka at the behest of the pro-LTTE diaspora", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304249", "title": "Masters", "text": "CreditsDirector: Sasikumar Cast: Prithviraj, Sasikumar, Piaa Bajpai, Ananya, Mukesh, Jagathy, Vijayaraghavan, Biju Menon, Saikumar, Salimkumar, Mithra Kurian, Parvathy, Janaki, Saadhique Cinematographer: Madhu Neelakantan Music: Gopisundar Producer: B. Sarathchandran Banner: Sincere Cinema Release Date: March 2012SynopsisASP Sreeramakrishnan ( Prithviraj) and journalist Milan Paul (Sasikumar) are good friends since college. They come together to solve a mysterious case in the city of Kottayam. The film is basically and investigative suspense-thriller which promises interesting twists and turns and the two men go around solving the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300646", "title": "Budget 2012: Mobile talk gets taxed a little more", "text": "More than 900 million mobile phone users in India should get ready to pay more for their monthly mobile phone bills on the back of a 2% hike in service tax announced in the annual budget on Friday. The service tax across the board will go up from an existing 10% to 12% affecting both pre-paid and post-paid subscribers.So if you were paying Rs 1,000 as your monthly post-paid bill you will need to shell out another Rs 20 while if you are a pre-paid customer your talk time is likely to reduce as the service tax is priced in the voucher. So if you bought a Rs 100 voucher and got Rs 88 worth of talk-time with Rs 10 going as service tax and Rs 2 as processing fee now you will get Rs 86 of talk-time.This move, operators said, will make it difficult for them to plan any tariff hikes considering the hyper-competitive nature of the industry.\"This will have an impact on the consumers and the industry at large. At the end of the day consumers have a fixed monthly budget and this hike along with the others will make it difficult for them. If operators don't pass through the entire tax hike we will have to tinker with our tariff structure,\" said Himanshu Kapania, MD, Idea Cellular.It's not only the GSM players like Idea, Vodafone and Airtel which are a worried lot. Even CDMA operators expressed concern on the service tax hike considering their subscriber base is largely at the bottom of pyramid. \"From a global perspective, the telecom industry in India continues to attract the highest tax rate of 23%. It would have been good, if this could have been rationalized as the telecom industry continues to face numerous challenges,\" said Vsevolod Rozanov, president &amp; CEO MTS India.Analysts tracking the sector said that the 2% hike in service tax may not completely deter operators from going ahead with tariff increases later. \" Operators have been talking about 20-30% increases so this 2% hike should not stop them from taking up call rates in the future,\" said Ashish Basil, partner, telecom practice, Ernst &amp; Young, a consultancy firm.The one silver lining in the budget for consumers was the announcement of exemption of basic customs duty on mobile phone parts. This could help boost local manufacturing of mobile handset makers and prices may come down while even as imported handsets may get costlier. Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303704", "title": "To Learn Without Fear", "text": "Despite concerted efforts, students continue to be abused in schools. Aaditi Isaac reportsA five-year-old student was tortured by his teachers for vomiting and urinating in class because he was unwell. He was made to stand in the 'rooster position' outside the class for two hours and was then branded with red hot tongs on his private parts.A study by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has found that over 99% children are hit and slapped in schools across India.Despite policies being in place, not much is done when it comes to implementation. \"We don't treat children as equals. They are not given the same respect and dignity and are voiceless. When it comes to the implementation of policies, we are struggling because the policies right now are centralised and look at children as statistics,\" says Shantha Sinha, chairperson, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR).The year-long study on corporal punishment conducted on 6,632 children across seven states revealed that 81.2% children were subjected to outward rejection by being told that they were not capable of learning. Of the respondents, 75% said that they had been hit by a cane and 69% had been slapped on their cheeks. Of the children being interviewed, only nine children denied having received any kind of punishment indicating that in 99.86% of the cases, children were subjected to either mental or physical punishment. The study was undertaken by NCPCR in the academic year 2009-2010.In response to rampant corporal punishment, Plan International launched a campaign --- Learn Without Fear, three years ago to try and make positive interventions in the lives of children. Three years later, nearly 53,000 teachers have been trained in non-violent teaching methods and more than 30,000 schools are directly involved in the campaign.Talking about the concrete steps that can be taken to protect children from corporal punishment, Sinha says, \"There is a need to decentralise the policies and also a multi-sectoral convergence between several departments for action,\" she adds.Madhu Chandra, principal, Lotus Valley School, Noida, says that children will be children but abusing them is not the solution to a problem. At the ground-level, teachers play an important role in the process. \"Teachers in private schools are aware of the need to treat children with dignity. We can counsel children, teach them yoga and meditation and have corrective punishment, which does not hurt them. If teachers are found to torture children, after adequate proof, they must be removed from their job,\" she concludes.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303435", "title": "Bipasha Basu loves RGV as a director", "text": "Bipasha Basu and Ram Gopal Varma , the man who is a self-proclaimed lover of all things beautiful (read women), have created a mutual admiration society. Just a few months after the filmmaker raved about Bips' beautiful bikini body in the film Players online, the actress is keen on reviving their association that began six years ago during the film Darna Zaroori Hai.In fact, Mumbai Mirror spotted the actress at Ramu's FX school in Andheri recently. While the filmmaker was busy with the pre-production of his film 26/11 and the postproduction of Department, the actress decided to simply drop by and say 'Hi'.Well, we all know how a simple 'Hi' in the industry can lead to a plethora of possibilities. Bipasha too, doesn't seem to rule them out. When contacted, the actress revealed, \"We had met a few days ago in a studio where he was shooting for Department and I was shooting Raaz 3. I love him as a director and would love to figure out some project together soon.\" This message was followed by a smiley.Though the actress is seemingly happy with the 'meeting' an eyewitness revealed that it hardly extended beyond the 'Hi' she had come to say. \"Bipasha came with her hair partially covering her face. The few students present there could hardly recognise her. The meeting did not last for long though,\" the witness added.And like the outcome of most 'short' meetings, this one too has failed to yield a movie role for Bipasha. Ramu simply told us, \"No, I am not making any movie with her right now. She just came to meet.\" Well, Bips will probably need to wait to be the next Nathalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303189", "title": "Sufi music night at The Park", "text": "Revellers in Kolkata spent a hatke Sunday evening at Tantra, The Park.Giving the usual hip hop, trance and house numbers the miss, the nightclub resonated with strains of qawwali with a twist of rock! Percussionist Pt Tanmoy Bose, along with his veritable crew of qawwali singers delighted those present at the do.\"When we talk about qawwali, all that comes to our mind are the names of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Abida Parveen. But qawwali used to be sung by fakirs of Bengal as well. This is my way of reviving this long lost form that had been lying dormant for over 50 years. Fakirs from Bangladesh thus sang Sufi tunes in Bengali,\" said Tanmoy.We spotted Ananya who looked quite the boho babe in a peasant skirt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306621", "title": "Soha Ali Khan to return to TV?", "text": "The flavour of the season is to have B-town stars host almost every show on television. And after making her debut on TV as host of game show Khelo Jeeto Jiyo on Star Plus, we now hear that actress Soha Ali Khan is returning to the idiot box after a gap of two years.Khan is best known for her role in Rang De Basanti and has won appreciation for her acting in her latest release Chaurahen, which was stuck for over two years. Her last show on TV failed to rake in the expected ratings.This time she will be seen hosting a show on TLC, the channel that airs shows related on travel and food. The show is produced by BBC Worldwide Productions India, who have also produced shows like Desi Girl and Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300490", "title": "Budget 2012: Govt tightens screws on black money generation", "text": "It's an all-out war on black money. Facing criticism for not doing enough to stop the menace, the government on Friday announced a slew of measures to prevent generation and circulation of black money and to make it more difficult to stash undeclared income abroad.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said he planned to introduce a white paper on black money in the current session of Parliament.The government plans to amend Section 149 of the Income Tax Act to allow for reopening of I-T return filings up to 16 years, from six years now. This amendment is expected to come into effect from July 1, 2012. Under the current provisions, the time limit is 6 years but tax authorities say it takes much longer to gather information on assets located outside India.The finance minister also plans to make filing of I-T returns mandatory for every resident having any asset located outside India (including financial interest in any entity) or signing authority in any foreign account.\"Furnishing of return would be mandatory irrespective of whether the resident taxpayer has taxable income or not,\" the finance bill says. This amendment will take effect from April 1, 2012, and will apply to the 2012-13 and subsequent assessment years.In order to curb the practice of laundering money by taking advantage of the basic exemption limit, the finance bill proposes to levy a 30% tax on unexplained credit, money, investments and expenditure that is deemed as income under Sections 68, 69A, 69B, 69C or 69D. This levy will be irrespective of the slab of income. \"No deduction in respect of any expenditure or allowance shall be allowed to the assessee under any provision of the Act in computing income under the said sections,\" the finance bill said.The government also plans to strengthen the penal provisions on undisclosed income found during a search. It plans to expedite prosecution proceedings under the IT Act. The finance bill also said that share premium in excess of the fair market value would be treated as income and this amendment would come into effect from April 2013.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300511", "title": "Wrong question papers distributed to board examinees", "text": "KANPUR: Confusion, chaos and mismanagement marked the beginning of Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad (UP board) exams on Friday. The day one of the high-school and intermediate exams witnessed utter mismanagement, although no case of cheating was reported from any of the 202 centres of the district.Sources said the process of distribution of question papers to exams centres was done even till the exam day. The delay in arrival of question papers led to the late commencement of exams at various centres.Deendayal Uphadhyay Intermediate College, DMK Intermediate School and Kanpur Vidya Mandir were the few colleges where exams were delayed due to late distribution of question papers. A bizarre complaint was received from Juhari Devi Girls' Intermediate School where the high school's home-science question papers were replaced by another set of papers of Science.After chaos and complaints made by students, the school authorities changed the question papers and also warned the students not to disclose the matter to anybody. A student of Juhari Devi Girls' College said on the condition of anonymity, said, \"We were given science question papers instead of home-science. Also, the school authorities cautioned the students not to reveal the matter to anybody.\"A student said he was given the paper of elementary maths instead of maths. The district inspector of schools (DIOS) admitted that four students were given maths question paper instead of elementary maths.The officials refused to comment on the action he would be taking against the centre for this lapse.He added that the DIOS authorities are doing their best to clamp down on such activities. Talking to TOI, Lakshmi Khanna, principal of Juhari Devi Girls' Inter College initially denied of any mismanagement in distributing question papers, but later admitted that by mistake, four students given the maths question paper instead of elementary maths. Khanna added, \"But as the subjects and syllabi of both the papers are quite similar, the students successfully solved the question papers.\"But the principal denied that science paper was distributed instead of home science. One case of shortage of question papers of class XII physics was reported from Harsahay Jagdamba Inter College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299070", "title": "Doctors happy with budget shot in the arm", "text": "NAGPUR: With some big investment on health, making malnutrition a major focus area, this year's budget has made the medical fraternity of the city happy. While applauding the increase in the allocation on the various health schemes, they expressed concern about the way the new schemes would be implemented.\"Since more than 50% of the diseases are communicable, spending more on sanitation and drinking water is sure to improve the overall health,\" said Dr Kishor Taori, president of Maharashtra Medical Council. He said the announcements made in the budget seemed like an honest effort at investment in health but the authorities would need to be careful with implementation.Paediatrician Dr Uday Bodhankar, general secretary of Commonwealth Association for Health and Disability, agreed. \"Urban slums are a highly neglected area in terms of health, as are the orphan children on streets of most cities. National Urban Health Mission (NUHM), the need for which had been highlighted by the Indian Academy of Paediatricians, would serve them well,\" he said.. He also complimented the government for giving attention to malnutrition, a major cause of child deaths in rural areas saying it was better late than never.\"Exemption of tax would encourage more people to go in for regular health check ups and so diseases would be detected much earlier,\" said Dr Milind Naik, state president of Indian Medical Association (IMA). He also hailed the duty relief on import of diagnostic machinery saying it would enable doctors to use more sohisticated equipment yet charge the patients reasonably. However, he raised a doubt about the proper implementation and utilisation of NUHM, looking at the shoddy way funds for rural mission have been used.Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital dean Dr Prakash Wakode said all these schemes appear good but the method of allocation of funds, at least in Maharashtra, is not satisfactory. \"It would be better if these are implemented through health services department and not through Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304693", "title": "Pooja Missra takes to ramp for a cause", "text": "Pooja Missra wore a helmet on the ramp for the first time!For the very first time in India, models walked the ramp with a unique message of style and safety. Trendy but elegant at a Fashion show held to support children with learning disabilities (ADD, ADHD, autism etc.) 'Couture for a Cause\" held at ITC Maratha was an interesting affair. The show was attended by theatre personalities like Gary Richardson , Actress Pooja Missra &amp; Akruti Mistry. Model-Actor Abhishek Awasthi did a Robocop Dance and few other models walked for Aarti.Present on the occasion Mr Rajiv Kapur, Managing Director Steelbird Said, \" Wearing a helmet is a taboo among lot of people and people comprise heavily with their safety. By partnering here in a fashion show our Endeavour is to spread the message of safety and remove the taboo from people that wearing helmet is not style. Today the models who walked the ramp with our futuristic range of helmets proved, it is a safety devised but keeping everyone's style intact.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12299262", "title": "Lokayukta resends report against Siddiqui to CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former chief minister Mayawati's trusted lieutenant Nasimuddin Siddiqui once again finds himself in the firing line as Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra has forwarded the inquiry report against him, trashed earlier by the BSP regime, to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for reconsideration.On Februrary 22, Mehrotra had indicted the minister for possessing assets disproportionate to his known sources of income and misuse of office. He also recommended a CBI inquiry into the matter. And even though Mayawati had turned down the findings and Naseemuddin had dismissed the charges as \"a bunch of falsehood put together by his political opponents\", the Lokayukta was firm about perusing the matter. As Akhilesh replaces Maya, Mehrotra has been prompt to raise the issue once again and demand \"reconsideration of the previous decision by the chief ministers office which allowed the tainted minister to go scot free.Confirming this to TOI, Justice Mehrotra said that he had \"quoted the relevant legal provisions to press home the point that all he had acted in discharge of his duties under the UP Lokayuta Act, and also that the arguments by the former chief minister that he had no jurisdiction in the matter and had transgressed his authority, did not stand legal scrutiny.Mehrotra had created a major sensation by nailing down Maya's man Friday when the state election was in progress.Acting on a complaint filed by Jagdish Narain Shukla, the Lokayukta in his report had demanded institution of a CBI probe and also inquiry by the enforcement directorate into 'benami' properties owned by the minister who had held the charge of more than a dozen lucrative portfolios, including PWD, agriculture mining and irrigation. The probe had also upheld the petitioner's charge that the cabinet minister and his MLC wife Husna had amassed properties under different names and committed a host of irregularities.\"It is a clear-cut case of money-laundering which needs to be probed by a crime investigation agency,\" the Lokayukta had stated in the report. Husna was found guilty of running a forged education society and acquiring land for the same using black money and under valuation tactics. He had charged Naseemuddin with committing gross irregularities with Budelkhand development fund and also misuse of his office for granting mining license.This apart Naseemuddin's son Afzal Siddiqui was ordered by the Lokayukta to explain the source of income as he was shown as the proprietor of AQ Frozen Food Limited. Though the unit is sprawled over 4.289 hectare, only 2.827 out of the occupied land was found to be in legal possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12298936", "title": "Young Indian hoops dreaming of Olympics: Natt", "text": "KOCHI: Exactly nine months ago on Thursday, Kenny Natt - mentor of NBA's reigning star LeBron James - took up the mantle of the Indian basketball team's chief coach.Since then, the former Maverick NBA player and a top-class professional with rich coaching experience in the USA has been moulding aspiring Indian men and young boys with fatherly zeal.Quite pleased to be working in a team of professionals - with Pete Gaudet, who takes care of the Indian women's team and Zak Penwell the strength and conditioning coach - Natt says Indian hoopsters are following the drills of NBA superstars Kobe Bryant and LeBron James. The coach has managed to instill the much wanted self-belief among the players who are now aspiring for the Olympics.Excerpts:Its nine months since you took up the mantle of India's coach. How are things progressing?In my eye things are progressing very well. Players and coaches have pulled tremendously. There are lots of positive opportunities for basketball here in India, but the expectations are very high. It is going to take time, in these nine months I've brought in a lot of NBA drills to improve their techniques, and that is going to help them in the years to come. We are behind the top teams, we are catching them. Everything is already in place we are still in progress. I've been teaching the same drills that NBA coaches share with LeBron (James) and Kobe (Bryant). I assisted Mike Brown - present coach of the Lakers - between 2005 and 2007, have learned some drills and aspect of coaching philosophy from him. I've shared the same with LeBron, now Brown is utilizing it with Kobe and with this same philosophy I am teaching the Indian players - the same thing that the Lakers do everyday.You assisted the great Jerry Sloan , what have you brought from that experience?Jerry's a disciplinarian. I've been very strict in teaching these guys to be disciplined. I'm a man of hard work and have been challenging them every day in practice to work harder. I am pushing them beyond the limit they have ever been pushed and it's wonderful to watch that come to fruition. Players in general look it as a punishment, but stars look it as a challenge. LeBron James has to be Lebron James every day. It's the pressure on a superstar to perform everyday, they are disciplined they work on that as everyone rely on them. Just imagine how a superstar can perform everyday. I've learned the Sloan philosophy and also of Brown that I'm teaching them everyday.Can India realistically make it to the Olympics?Smiles.... I don't have a magic wand. You don't dare put a date to anything. Every country has an opportunity it's just getting the training. Some teams need a lot more exposure to build confidence. We are in a process, I've been impressive with the younger crop that is coming. The sub-juniors, juniors they are focused and hard working, their confidence level too is high. It's going to pay tremendous dividends. Future looks very bright in my eyes, we can compete in global level. As long as we continue to improve everyday, sure we willSo you are confident that one day Indian cagers will be seen in Olympics?Yeah. I definitely believe that because I know the inspired young players we have now those are just 12-15 years old. They are a much better player which they were nine months ago. Their eyes are wide open, they are excited about seeing me and learning more and getting to be better ball players. They are now aspiring for the Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12305494", "title": "No sex please, we're Indians!", "text": "Sex, sleaze and soaps in India can be a lethal combo. At least that's how it appeared when Ram Kapoor and Saakshi Tanwar got under the sheets and locked lips in what is being touted as the 'steamiest' love scene filmed on prime time.Within minutes of the actual airtime of the much anticipated consummation sequence in Bade Achche Lagte Hain , the episode went viral on YouTube and has already clocked in close to 150,630 hits and counting. The 'love scene' is trending as a topic in top social networking/microblogging sites, with viewers making fun of the 'action-packed' episode, and even actor Ram Kapoor sounded overwhelmed when he posted online: @ramkapoor1973: \"What a response to yesterday's episode. Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all of you (sic).\"For audiences who are fed on the daily staple of prime time soaps, love scenes usually never venture beyond anything more passionate than a long eyelock (without blinking) between the romantic leads, the nubile leading lady landing in the hero's strong arms, or a flying dupatta that always lands on the hero's face (think, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?, Punar Vivah, , a marital consummation scene is the stuff that fantasies are probably made of.Newly married couples on soaps are never allowed to take their relationship to the next level even after the elaborate wedding ceremony gets over, because the build up stokes curiosity in the audience. For example, Saath Nibhana Saathiya's honeymoon special track aired recently whipped up a TVR of 5 (its highest since its launch date) and Manav-Archana's consummation scene (which took place two years after the show went on air) was a high point of the show (literally), got a 5.5 TVR.The last time a TV couple even dared to smooch were Raqesh Vashisht and Riddhi Dogra in Maryada, Lekin Kab Tak? in 2010. Other TV leads only have to be content with a tame forehead kiss or a peck on the cheeks.In a country where TV is four decades old, where 130 million homes have TV sets, (of which 76 million have access to TV), and an industry that's poised to grow by 11.4% (2009-13), surely a little bit of kiss and tell would be the way forward? For everyone else, there's also that handy weapon called a remote that can be put to better use, should it offend sensibilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300521", "title": "Question papers were easy but lengthy: UP board students", "text": "KANPUR: Around 1.30 lakh students appeared in the UP board exams at 202 centres of the district on Friday, the first day of the exams. Class X students looked cheerful after the exam was over. Most of the class XII students also expressed satisfaction saying that the question paper was very much as per their expectations.A total of total 1,37,993 lakh students are taking the UP board class X and XII exams this year in the district. Of these, 72,679 are taking class X exams, while 65,314 are appearing in class XII exams. There are 202 exam centres in the region which are under supervision of 6,000 invigilators and 22 special magistrates.The class X students wrote the test in phase I from 7.30 am to 10.45 am. Class XII students took the exam in phase II from 2 pm to 5.15 pm. For the first time, students got 15 minutes extra to read the question paper. Most of the board students claimed that they failed to attempt all the questions as the paper was concept and diagram-based. Also, the long answer type questions also consumed a lot of time.Nidhi and Saurabh of class X, who took the exam at Kanpur Vidya Mandir, said, \"Most of our friends failed to attempt all the questions as the paper was lengthy.\" These students had maths and home science exams, respectively. Harshita, a class X student, said, \"The paper was based on applied knowledge which was good. But the questions were difficult.\" Sukriti, a student of class XII at Harshaya Inter College, said that her physics exam was neither too difficult, nor too easy. \"I would call it a balanced question paper and hope to score at least 80% marks,\" she said. Gaurav, a class XII student who took military science exam, said the question paper was very tough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300033", "title": "Shivaji statue: Opposition rakes up old disputes", "text": "MUMBAI: The opposition used the proposed statue of Shivaji in the middle of the Arabain Sea as a handle to rake up old regional disputes of Maratha reservation and the government's \"inept\" handling of the ban on James Laine's book, Shivaji-Hindu King in Muslim India.For the second day running, the row over the statue played out in the budget session of the legislature with opposition MLAs arriving dressed as Maratha soldiers, some of them even trying to lock up the environment department offices for not giving an NoC to the project. Shiv Sena MLA Ravindra Waikar said, \"The chief minister had said he has not yet received permission from the Union environment department but it is the state department, which has created all hurdles. What is the use of having such a department?\"In a bid to push the project, the state is likely to seek amendments in the coastal regulation zone (CRZ) rules to enable reclamation of a small part of the sea for a non-commercial project. CM Prithiviraj Chavan, who was in Delhi on Friday, has reportedly had talks with the environment ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12299927", "title": "Boy who slapped school principal gets three more days to apologize", "text": "MUMBAI: Five days after a Class IX student of St Elias High School in Khar (W) slapped his principal and verbally abused her in a fit of rage, the school on Friday decided to give him three more days \"to regret his action and apologize\".The school authorities had issued a leaving certificate to him and the principal had told TOI that it was done to scare the child and make him realize his mistake. The authorities said the school would take him back after he apologized to the principal. The principal had lodged a complaint with the Khar police but did not want to pursue it, as the school is reportedly keen on reforming the boy.The student, however, did not turn up in school, despite the authorities waiting for him to apologize for three hours on Friday. \"The leaving certificate stands till the boy apologizes. It was he, himself, who had demanded it. If he fails to turn up, as required by the authorities, a final decision will be taken,\" said the principal.TOI was the first to report on Thursday about how a Class IX student had slapped and yelled at the principal of his school after he was asked to leave the class for disturbing others during an algebra exam. The principal whose eardrum was ruptured by the slap had to visit Bhabha hospital where doctors have advised her to take precautionary measures.The parents of the boy are not too sure if he wants to return to the school. \"I will have to ask my child if he's interested in going back to the same school. Following the incident, he has earned himself a bad name among his peers in Khar Danda. I have not yet decided on the next course of action,\" said his parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12307744", "title": "\u2018PRI quota made women aware of their rights\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Highlighting the role of panchayati raj institutions (PRIs) in strengthening the roots of democracy in the country, Bihar education minister P K Shahi on Saturday observed that good governance is not possible without connecting the masses with various democratic institutions.Inaugurating a two-day national seminar on \"Panchayati Raj system and good governance\" organized by the Jagjivan Ram Institute of Parliamentary Studies and Political Research as a part of Bihar centenary celebrations here, Shahi said that 50% reservation for women in Bihar panchayats has gone a long way in creating awareness among women and other deprived sections of the society about their rights and duties. This is well reflected in their increasing participation in the electoral process.The minister said that steps have been initiated to develop the institute into an institution of national repute. The state government has earmarked a sum of Rs 17 crore for its new building, of which Rs 5 crore would be released during the current financial year itself, he added. Lalit Narayan Mithila University vice-chancellor S P Singh presided.Asian Development Research Institute member secretary Saibal Gupta, in his key note address, said that the society would progress only through citizen-centric administration and for this panchayati raj institutions would have to be strengthened. Though Bihar has provided leadership in implementing the panchayati raj system quite effectively, some of its inherent deficiencies need to be removed.He pointed out that more than 8,000 panchayati raj institutions were operating in the state, but they lack uniformity. Panchayat Bhawans are yet to be constructed at many places and these institutions do not have their own employees to carry out various activities, he said.Speaking as the guest of honour, Aryabhat Knowledge University (AKU) vice-chancellor S N Guha said that the development of our country depends on the development of our villages. Only a developed and disciplined society would ensure good governance. He emphasized the need of strengthening panchayati raj institutions for improving the quality of primary education.State higher education director Sitaram Singh said that several other states in the country are emulating the Bihar model of panchayati raj system following its grand success. He further pointed out that the Jagjivan Ram Institute is going to start several new courses including M Phil, Ph.D, and master and bachelor level programmes in journalism and mass communication, business administration, library science, panchayati raj and computer applications from the next academic session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299374", "title": "Budget 2012: Trust deficit hits Street", "text": "Despite a rather deft balancing act, Dalal Street gave a thumbs down to Pranab Mukherjee's seventh Budget, pulling down the sensex by 210 points to 17,466 as domestic investors, rather than the foreign ones, pressed the sell button. The absence of any immediate trigger for the market was the reason for the sell-off on Friday, brokers and dealers said.However, they agreed that there were a lot of proposals with good intent, and if implemented properly, they will have a positive impact on the market in the long term. \"This time market's expectation from the Budget was low, and it did come out the same way,\" said Nirmal Jain, chairman, IndiaInfoline group. \"But, there were some proposals with very strong intent.\" For example, the proposal on Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme, that intends to bring in a large number of retail investors into the market. \"It points to the fact that the FM is willing to broaden the investor base and spread the equity cult,\" Jain, who's IIFL is one of the major players in the retail broking business, said.Given the government's not-so-good track record of sticking to its Budget numbers, the Street is keeping its fingers crossed. \"Over the medium term, both debt and equity markets will draw comfort if the government sticks to the borrowing limit and that may trigger a reduction in yields,\" said Gagan Banga, CEO, Indiabulls Financial Services.On Friday, however, while the sensex closed 1.2% lower, bond yields hardened. A clear sign that bond dealers were not convinced that the government will be able to rein in borrowing and keep yields in check. And the slide in the stock market left investors poorer by Rs 90,000 crore with BSE's market capitalisation now at Rs 62.4 lakh crore.The day's trading was marked by volatility. The sensex rose soon after the start of the Budget speech, then entered the negative territory but regained lost ground to enter the positive zone. However, a bout of late selling, led by index heavyweights RIL and SBI, pulled it back into the red. RIL closed 2.9% down at Rs 775 while SBI fell 2.9% at Rs 2,233.Among the other sensex stocks, ONGC was one of the top losers, closing 5.2% lower at Rs 272. The stock lost after the Budget increased cess on crude oil. Cairn India, a non-sensex stock, lost 6% to Rs 346. As a result, BSE's oil &amp; gas index closed 3.3% lower.Among the other top index losers were Sun Pharma, down 7.1% at Rs 545, Jindal Steel, down 4.2% at Rs 575, and NTPC, down 3.8% at Rs 173. Among the handful of gainers were ITC, up 3.5% at Rs 216, and M&M;, up 1.9% at Rs 672.Looking beyond the Budget, the market now wants the government to take the fiscal consolidation roadmap ahead with a possible increase in petro product prices, which will be crucial to providing RBI a headroom for significant rate action, said Nimesh Shah, MD &amp; CEO, ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund.Market players also said that the international events and the liquidity flows will again be in focus. On the domestic front, RBI's annual policy next month, and the quarterly results will be the near- term triggers for the Street.Although there was not much for the FIIs, net inflow by foreign fund managers into the stock market on Friday was Rs 883 crore, taking the year's total to over Rs 66,000 crore (about $13 billion). This figure includes the FIIs buying large blocks of HDFC and ONGC. Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304358", "title": "The unforgettable day of Bobby Mishra's life", "text": "Actor Bobby Mishra drove from Bhubaneswar to Kolkata at 2 in the morning to win back his ladylove...I usually lead a tension-free life and nothing is tough for me. But life surprises a person the most when he expects it the least. So, for a carefree guy like me, one particular day came like a blow. It was when I was dating actor Koel Banerjee, who is my wife now. We had one huge lover's spat and she had parted ways. I was out of my mind with grief. Determined to get her back, I embarked on the toughest journey of my life.Koel refused to talk to me over the phone and seeing no other option, I just took out my car and drove from Bhubaneswar to Kolkata at 2 am in the morning! I didn't even know her exact address. I just knew the name of the local school in her area. After the long and tedious drive, I reached Kolkata at the crack of dawn. As nobody knew me there, I took a shower on the pavement and had my breakfast in a shanty.When I reached Koel's house, she even refused to meet me. I waited at her lobby for 45 minutes. That was the longest wait of my life. At last, she came down but rejected my apology. I came back to Bhubaneswar, completely heart-broken.Though I won back her love and trust later on, and right now, I'm living a happily married life with her, that was one day I will not forget for the rest of my life.(As told to Madhusree Ghosh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300917", "title": "Pranab fails to save Maharashtra SEZs", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre's failure to take a decision on the direct tax code proposal has adversely affected promotion of special economic zones (SEZs) in Maharashtra. \"We were expecting Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to take a final decision on the proposal, but it has been deferred. It should be abandoned to save SEZs across the state,\" a senior official told TOI on Friday.Ever since the Centre announced the SEZ policy, the state had emerged as the most sought-after destination. In the last five years, since the Centre enacted the SEZ Act, over 155 proposals with an employment potential of 65 lakh and an investment of Rs 1.5 lakh crore, were submitted to the state government and many were approved.Maharashtra witnessed a steady withdrawal of SEZ proposals soon after the Centre proposed introduction of the direct tax code regime. \"We never expected such a reverse trend. If this continues, it will be a major loss,\" he said. In one year, over 27 proposals involving an investment of Rs 27,000 crore and an employment potential of six lakh, have been withdrawn.A leading industrialist said, \"By introducing the direct tax code, the basic purpose of setting up SEZs will be defeated,\" he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12300866", "title": "Budget 2012: Pranab disappoints trade &amp; industry in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Trade and industry quarters in Coimbatore found the Union budget a damp squib. Coimbatore District Small Industries Association (CODISSIA) president M Kandhaswami said the industry was disappointed with the budget's vision as well as proposals. The proposed rise in excise and service taxes from 10% to 12% would lead to an increase in prices of raw materials. Steel prices could go up by at least Rs 2,000 per tonne, he said. The lack of commitment on implementation of Goods and Services Tax (GST) is also a dampener for the industry.A press release by CODISSIA bemoaned that the I-T exemption limit ought to have been raised to at least Rs 3 lakh instead of the proposed Rs 2 lakh. The industry body also was disappointed with income tax exemption limit for industries remaining the same. CODISSIA complained that though huge amounts have been allocated for research and development in agriculture, Tamil Nadu Agricultural University has been left out. The redeeming features of the budget, according to CODISSIA, were the move to set up a Rs 5,000-crore venture fund for MSME sector and allocation of Rs1,000 crore for National Skill Development Fund. The move to increase turnover limit for compulsory tax audit for SMEs from Rs 60 lakh to Rs 1 crore was also welcomed. Similarly, K Kastoorirangan, chairman of Indian Wind Power Association, welcomed the budget in general saying that the proposal to promote non-conventional energy would help improve power generation in the country.M Krishnan, president of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore, said the budget offers little for the common man to celebrate. \"The increase in service tax and excise duty would reflect on prices of goods. Though a relief of Rs 4,500 crore in direct taxes is proposed in the budget, people would have to bear a huge burden since the government proposes to collect Rs 45,000 crore as indirect taxes. The latter would fuel an increase in prices and further burden common people,'' he said.The Southern India Mills Association (SIMA) regretted that the budget had nothing to offer to the labour-intensive textile sector that provides direct and indirect employment to over 90 million people. The sector is facing a huge crisis due to various external factors and the acute power shortage. According to S Dinakaran, chairman of SIMA, the industry had wanted the 5% customs duty and 4% special additional duty on man-made fibres abolished and the central excise duty to be bought on par with cotton textiles. This would have to bring down prices of fabrics, he said. Instead, the central excise duty has been increased to 12%. Price of clothes made of man-made fibre would rise, he said. The industry was disappointed the budget did not propose extending Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme into the 12th Five Year Plan.Southern India Engineering Manufacturers' Association (SIEMA) president R R Ranganathan condemned the move to increase excise duty from five to six per cent for pumpsets and 10 to 12 percent for motors.Indian Medical Association state president Dr L P Thankavelu said the negligible funds have been allocated for healthcare. The service tax exemption for small hospitals is just a move to hoodwink people as any small hospital would have at least 25 beds, he said. Thankavelu also sought the withdrawal of the hike in taxes on medicines. The budget has ignored public health and the health rights of the poor, he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12301277", "title": "De-allocation of coal blocks to bring positive changes", "text": "RANCHI: A series of incentives announced in the Budget for coal mining and power companies and decision to form an inter-ministerial group for de-allocation of unused coal blocks has been widely appreciated by people from mining sector in Jharkhand.Sources in one of the biggest mining companies in the country, which has a huge presence in Jharkhand, said the decision would help improve coal mining and power sector.\"The country has a target to generate 78,000 MW thermal power by end of the 12th Plan. The decision of Union government to bring down custom duty by 5% on equipment will help in a robust growth in the mining sector which will in turn ensure uninterrupted supply to power companies,\" said the source.Central Coalfields Limited director (technical) T K Nag said the Budget had made suitable provisions for growth of mining sector. \"If we talk of Jharkhand, the decision of the government to form the inter-ministerial group will bring positive changes in the state. There are many companies which have got mines for years but have not started mining operations. If the mines are de-allocated and give to serious companies, it will bring positive change in the state,\" said Nag.He said the reduced input cost on machinery would allow companies to import best equipment which would also help in desired growth in production.Sources in the state mining department too support the formation of inter-ministerial group for de-allocation of coal blocks. \"There are around 15 companies, both from private and public sector, which have been sitting on coal blocks for years on various pretexts like non-availability of land and opposition from local villagers. We hope that de-allocation of blocks will at least force them to start work or pave way for serious players,\" said an officer of the state mining department adding that at least five to six big coal blocks will become free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300455", "title": "Court gives mother custody of 'exploited' girl", "text": "KANPUR: The metropolitan magistrate-I of Kanpur Nagar on Friday granted custody of the minor girl allegedly sexually exploited by a DySP-rank official to her mother with certain directions.The presiding judge in his order also took cognizance against media on a complaint made by the exploited girl and directed the DIG to take appropriate action in the matter and inform the court accordingly by March 31. A copy of the order would be sent to in-charge Cantonment police station, DIG for compliance of the court order.The father of the victim had charged a DySP with her physical exploitation while the girl had stunned everyone when she had taken the side of DySP and charged her father, an Air Force officer, of physically exploiting her. The police had produced the girl before the court to record her statement under mandatory provisions of section 164 CrPC.Since neither the police nor her guardians had moved any application for her custody, the girl was in the custody of police. On Friday, her mother moved an application in the court for the custody of the victim. The judge considering the facts and natural guardianship of mother granted her custody to her mother but asked her mother to give an undertaking to the court that she would produce the girl in the court or before the investigation officer on her own expenses whenever they would summon her. Moreover, she would take her care and help her in appearing in Class XII examination.The judge in his order further observed that the girl had claimed that media had spread rumors and asked indecent questions when she was being taken for examination. On Thursday, the media had tried to videograph her against her will. Quoting the certain sections and their provisions such as 228 (A) IPC the judge observed that disclosure of identification of rape victim was a punishable crime.Meanwhile, the Chakeri police registered a case against DySP Amarjeet Shahi on the instructions of IG Chandra Prakash. \"A case under section 376 (rape), 367 (kidnapping or abducting in order to subject person to grievous hurt, slavery, etc.), section 368 (wrongfully concealing or keeping in confinement, kidnapped or abducted person), 504 and 506 of the IPC has been lodged,\" informed Chakeri police.The accused had on several occasions allegedly sexually exploited the girl after enticing her and threatened her family members of dire consequences when they had raised objections. The girl's father had informed the police that Shahi had come to his house in his absence on late Tuesday evening. On returning home, they spotted Shahi and their daughter in a compromising position. When they raised objection and asked the DySP to leave the house, he entered into a scuffle with them and warned them of serious consequences. While Shahi was leaving the place, the girl asked him to take her along. When Shahi refused, she consumed poison in a fit of anger.As per police records, on Wednesday Shikha (name changed) had charged her father and another person of exploiting her physically. However, on Thursday she back-tracked and said she had been under the influence of poison when she had levelled charges against her father. At the same time, she also shielded DySP and said he was helping her overcome depression she suffered after being sexually exploited by a labourer at her farm house while she was just nine years old.As the matter concerned a senior police officer, DIG Rajesh Rai on Wednesday set up an inquiry against Shahi under SP (East) Kush Har Saurabh. Further investigations proved that Shahi had been a regular visitor to the girl's place in Chakeri despite being posted in Pratapgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12299640", "title": "Brakes on luxury wheels", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city that boasts of the maximum number of luxury cars zooming down its streets let out a loud groan on Friday as the Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announced the 5% hike in excise duty on larger cars. Industrialists said they will have to think twice before investing in the wheels of their choice as the extra that they will end up spending now will be enough to buy a lower segment car.Others who were planning to invest in their own passenger vehicle have also been caught off gear as the standard excise duty on all cars will be raised from 10% to 12%. From middle class families to elite families, everyone has to shell out more. Model Town-resident Amarjeet Singh said he owns two luxury cars and cannot comprehend why the price of luxury cars is targeted always. I wish I had bought another car before the budget, he added. Harmeet Singh , who stays in Sarabha Nagar, said luxury cars are very important for him but if he invests in them he will be left with little money to invest in his business.Resident of Dandi Swami Road Lalit Sharma said, For five years I have been using a BMW and I was planning to buy a top-end model of Audi. It makes me uncomfortable that I will have to spend more than I had initially decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12298993", "title": "Will budget influence Piravom voters?", "text": "KOCHI: Will the voters in Piravom cast their votes on Saturday evaluating the Union Budget?While the UDF camp believes the budget will better their chances of winning, LDF leaders opine that it will not be a factor in influencing the voters who would have already decided whom to vote for.Kerala Congress (Jacob) chairman Johny Nellore said the budget would give a positive push for the agriculture sector, and Piravom being an agrarian constituency it would benefit.\"The announcements made in the budget will influence the voters and it will reflect in the result,\" he said.LDF leaders said that mere announcement of some sops to the agriculture sector would not influence the voters. \"The voters are sensible to understand the real issues. The state drew a blank in the Railway Budget. People had been expecting major announcements for the state in the Railway Budget, but it was a big disappointment. Piravom byelection will be a mandate expressing people's resentment against the Congress,\" said LDF election committee chairman P S Mohanan.There are 1,83,493 voters in Piravom, and the 134 polling booths are spread across 90 centres. The election commission has completed final preparations for the polls. Help desks have been setup at each polling station and officials have been posted to help voters. Authorities have also made arrangements for webcasting of the polling process in 14 booths in the constituency.Over 1,400 police personnel have been deployed in the constituency. City police commissioner MR Ajit Kumar and Ernakulam rural police superintendent KP Philip are supervising the security arrangements.Meanwhile, the UDF and the LDF organized silent campaigns in the constituency, meeting voters at their homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12299256", "title": "Effigy burning thwarted", "text": "TRICHY: In a bid to oppose the Indian government's stand on alleged human rights violations in Sri Lanka , agitators from political parties attempted to burn the effigy of Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh and Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapakse .However, the police averted their move and arrested 31 agitators here on Friday. The protesters were arrested and released later in the evening.A group of 50 agitators from converged in front of the district court campus in Trichy at 11 am and voiced protests against the government yet to decide to cast its vote in the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva against alleged war crimes by Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12293264", "title": "Zareen Khan to replace Katrina Kaif in Partner 2?", "text": "It seems the makers have found an ideal replacement for Katrina Kaif in Partner sequel.Zareen Khan's new slim look seems to be taking her to places. The actress who was criticized for being overweight has lost oodles of weight. And if the buzz if to be believed, she is being considered as Katrina Kaif's replacement in the sequel of Partner.Apparently David Dhawan's Partner 2 is supposed to go on floors next year. Zareen never liked the fact that she was tagged as a Katrina Kaif look-alike. However, her resemblance to the actress seems to be working in her favour now. It might just give her another chance to revive her career.Zareen is presently making news for her sizzling hot avatar in Sajid Khan's Housefull 2 . The actress is looking forward to do good films more than hot item numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304223", "title": "Is comedy dying in Tollywood?", "text": "Relationship tales, drawing-room drama, thrillers - Tollywood churns these out by the dozen, but when it comes to comedy, laughter seems to have vanished from the industry.That's not to say that studiopara doesn't try its hand at comedy now and then. We've watched \" Bye Bye Bangkok\", \"Goray Gondogol\", \"Brakefail\", \"Cross Connection\", \"Notobor Not Out\" and the most recent, \"Bhooter Bhobisyot\", but none of them can hold a lamp to classics like \"Boshonto Bilaap\", \"Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne\", \"Mohunbaganer Meye\", \"Mouchak\", \"Shaare Chuattor\", \"Dhonyi Meye\", \"Bhanu Pelo Lottery\", \"Golpo Holeo Sotti\" or \"Jamaloye Jibanto Manush\", feel comedy buffs.The actor factorSome say that there are no actors of the calibre of a Robi Ghosh, Jahar Roy, Nipoti, Bhanu Bandopadhyay, Chinmoy Roy or Santosh Dutta. But others argue that the likes of Kharaj Mukherjee, Biswanath Basu, Kanchan Mullick, Rudranil Ghosh, Paran Bandopadhyay, Rajatava Dutta and Subhasish Mukerjee have shown - even if in flashes - that they can produce nuanced comic performances.Says director Anik Dutta, whose \"Bhooter Bhobisyot\" in a funny take on the plight of ghosts in the face of rapid urbanization, \"Earlier, the pace of life was different, where people had the time for long adda sessions. That form of interaction is missing. Instead, we see a form of dark humour. Some movies like \"Baishey Srabon\" did reflect a wry sense of humour in lines such as 'whisky chole na toh ki Bournvita chole?'\"Director Aniket Chattopadhyay, however, feels that people haven't forgotten to laugh. \"The problem is the urban obsession with so-called serious cinema. Comedy is a much more difficult genre. Even the shot-taking has to be different. If you see Ray's comedies, you will find only two to three close-ups of actors. But fed on a diet of Uttam-Suchitra films, our directors want 30-40 close-ups of protagonists while directing comedies. Technically, that harms the film. Besides, one needs a balanced script. Though I've managed to make people laugh, in hindsight I realize that I had gone overboard while directing certain scenes in \"Bye Bye Bangkok\". There is a dearth of good scriptwriters in Tollywood. Ramaprasad Banik did some interesting work on TV but if things were really great, we would've had one comic megaserial after another by now.\"The bigger pictureKharaj Mukherjee says that more than able scriptwriters, actors or directors, convincing producers to invest in comedies is the biggest problem. \"Some good work is happening. If there is a \"BB\" on the one hand, you have Raja Chanda's South remake of a comedy titled \"Le Halua Le\". But getting producers for comedies is the biggest hurdle. You can't have another \"Bhranti Bilash\". So you need to move on and experiment. But talk about experimentation and you'll hardly get producers. How will people think of adapting Shibram Chakraborty, Sanjib Chattopadhyay and Rajshekhar Basu's works?\"Subhankar Chattopadhyay, director of \"Mirakkel\" and \"Handa &amp; Bhonda\", concurs, \"One needs producers who are ready to give freedom to directors. Making a successful comedy as a reality show is one thing but making a hit out of a comedy on celluloid quite another.\"Director Sudeshna Roy who made \"Teen Yaari Katha\" with Abhijit Guha, says she has tried to add comic elements to her films. \"It's not that one has to make a comedy to express the comic elements of life. If that was the case, one would call \"Modern Times\" a comedy. We tried to do that with \"Cross Connection\" and \"TYK\". We are planning a film on a modern marriage that deals with the seven-year itch.\"\"Notobor Not Out\" director Amit Sen says that given the current situation of Bengali films, where laughter is forced by mundane gags, the need for wit and intelligent humour has died. \"In this age of instant gratification, cinematic humour is a dying art form. Most filmmakers probably want to dabble in more serious issues. Also, there is this fear that if you are doing comedy, you will not be taken seriously!\" Sen says, adding, \"I'll recommend films of Aniket Chattopadhyay, Rangan Chakraborty, Kaushik Ganguly and Anik Dutta. They have all been churning out films which have comedy as the basic spine. With the change in emerging patterns of Bengali cinema, I'm sure comedy will again be something to write home about.\" Touchwood!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12299836", "title": "Save on mobiles, spend on clothes", "text": "LUDHIANA: The budget evoked mixed reactions from Ludhianas youth. While most youngsters cringed at the thought of spending more on branded clothes, college girls were happy that they will be able to indulge in more silver jewellery without feeling guilty.Some were excited about the dip in cost of mobile phones as cell phone parts have been exempted from basic custom duty while others said it is hardly any good. A majority said by and large the budget does not have anything much to offer the countrys youth.BRS Nagar-resident Sultan Singh, 20, said the budget is not going to affect the buying trends among youth. I don't feel that the price hike of branded clothes will substantially influence the the young buyer. Students are pretty brand conscious and they will wear what they want to wear at any price,'' he said. Sultan added that the hike in price of cigarettes may also not change things much. Eighteen-year-old Karan Ajmani from Rajguru Nagar said the budget has nothing to impress the youth. Everybody has a cellphone and minimal change in the price of Indian handsets is hardly going to bring a smile to our face. I think there wont be many students hankering to buy new sets just because of the budget decision, he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300391", "title": "A cautious welcome from captains of industry", "text": "KOCHI: The tightrope between blatant populism and compulsive reform taken by Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in his budget presentation on Friday elicited a cautiously optimistic response from captains of industry.The watchword of the Budget has been \"investments\", according to Geojit Financial Management Services Ltd Managing Director and CII Kerala State Council Vice-Chairman C J George. He was participating in a post-budget discussion convened by the Confederation of Indian Industry's (CII) Kerala chapter. \"The budget has played up the investment agenda by focussing on roping in $1 trillion under the 12 Five Year Plan. Foreign investors need a good roadmap from the government on reducing fiscal deficit. Now, they have been allowed to invest directly in the capital and bond markets in India, which is a positive step,\" he said.Federal Bank Managing Director and CEO Shyam Srinivasan said that the Budget \"looks more credible and realistic\" this time round. \"There is a genuine intent and effort to boost revenues by hiking services tax and excise duty rates by 2%, from 10% to 12%). Subsidy management is likely to improve with reduction in pilferage through direct credit to end users` account. GDP is expected to be around 7.60% in fiscal 2013, which again is realistic when one looks at the current year`s growth. The disinvestment target of Rs 30,000 crore is also realistic and achievable,\" Srinivasan said.He said that exemption of upto Rs 10,000 on income earned as interest on savings bank accounts, and interest subvention to farmers who are prompt in repayments are likely to have a positive impact on the retail customers of the banks.CGH Earth CEO Jose Dominic said that while the accent of the budget was on agriculture and infrastructure growth, the impact on tourism would be substantial. \"The Budget opens the possibility of raising Rs 45,000 crore for the tourism sector alone. The Rajiv Gandhi Equity Scheme is another enabling factor for industry, especially entrepreneurs who are looking out to raise capital and those in the micro and small enterprises,\" Dominic said. Tax expert Vivek Krishna Govind, a partner with chartered accountants Varma &amp; Varma, felt that the Finance Minister had tweaked the direct taxes to gain around Rs 20,000 in savings for those in the salary bracket of Rs 10 lakh and above.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12299376", "title": "DMK MLA held at Madurai airport for carrying bullets", "text": "MADURAI: DMK MLA representing Aravakurichi segment in Karur, K C Palanisamy, was detained in Madurai airport by security personnel while attempting to board a flight to Chennai as he possessed pistol bullets on Friday morning.The bullets were seized and he was taken to Perungudi police station and grilled. However, the police let him go and the bullets were handed over to him as he possessed an arms licence. He explained that he took the bullets along unaware of their presence in his bag.Palanisamy, one of the richest MLAs of the DMK with interests in various trades including sand mining in Karur district, was in Sankarankoil constituency for campaigning. He left Sankarankoil in the morning and arrived at Madurai airport on road to board a flight to Chennai. But a security check revealed that there were 21 bullets in the bag he was carrying. The security personnel immediately detained the 70-year-old MLA and started quizzing him. When his explanations were not convincing enough, the security personnel immediately informed the state police at Perungudi. The police rushed to the airport and took Palanisamy to the station and grilled him for possession of the ammunition.Madurai rural SP Asra Garg also visited the police station and conducted enquiries. A visibly upset Palanisamy explained that he possessed a valid licence for a pistol and that's why he had the bullets. \"He said he was tense as he had already missed a flight to Chennai and was rushing to board the next flight. In the rush, he mistook the bag with the bullets for his medical kit and took it along,'' said a police officer.Palanisamy also said he had given his pistol to one of his aides who took it to Chennai by road. Convinced by his response, the police gave him the bullets and let him go. However, by the time the flight he was about to board had also left the airport, Palanisamy went to Chennai by car.As soon as news spread that the MLA was detained, there was a flutter among his supporters who gathered in front of the police station and dispersed after he was let off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306654", "title": "Rajniesh Duggal got hurt on the sets of new movie", "text": "Injuries are a part of an actor's life, especially so when one is filming action sequences. But the committment the Bollywood actors show is phenomenol, whether it is an Abhishek Bachchan for Bol Bachchan or a Neil Nitin Mukhesh for Shortcut Romeo. They don't let the injuries affect their work and the latest to join this list of extra-ordinary actors is Rajniesh Duggal.The actor carried on with his work even when he was heavily bruised while shooting for an action sequence for his upcoming film Dangeruous Ishq. The actor says, \"I didn't want the schedule of the film to get affected and hence I went ahead with the shoot.\" Now this is a great professional attitude that Rajniesh displayed.If that wasn't it, Rajniesh, a comitted fitness freak used to run everyday from the location to his hotel in record time. \"Since we had erratic shooting hours and I got no time to shoot, I used to run back from Mehrangarh fort to the hotel with the car driving along. It must have been some 5 to 8 kms for 15 days or so,\" informs Rajniesh who was an athlete in school and loves running.While at the location, Rajniesh also visited the Ajmer Shariff Dargah to pray for good health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300323", "title": "Nimbalkar files cases against Santosh Hegde", "text": "BANGALORE: After filing a defamation case, DIG (administration) Hemanth Nimbalkar has filed case under multiple charges against former Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde and former Lokayukta police chief RK Dutta.Vidhana Soudha police said cases have been filed under Section 166 (public servant disobeying the law), Section 167 (public servant framing an incorrect document), Section 211 (false charge of offence made with intent to injure), Section 109 (punishment of abetment if the act abetted is committed in consequence), Section 117 (abetting commission of offence by the public or by more than ten persons), Section 119 (public servant concealing design to commit offence which it is his duty to prevent).The defamation cases filed against Hegde and Dutta are pending in the high court. Santosh Hegde told TOI he leaves the action of Lokayukta police to its discretion. \"As Lokayukta when there was a police raid, I informed media about it. So if the person concerned has a problem about it, he has every right to go to court and he has done it,\" said Santosh Hegde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299177", "title": "CNMC admits man refused by four hospitals", "text": "KOLKATA: The 65-year-old man with a fractured hip bone, who was turned away by four government hospitals, was granted admission by Calcutta National Medical College on Friday.The chief minister's office reportedly played a pro-active role in getting Mukunda Bala hospitalized after the media reported his story on Friday. \"Doctors here are very cooperative. My father-in-law has been admitted and doctors said the surgery will be conducted soon,\" said Bala's son-in-law, Sanjay Pal.Bala, 65, a mason by profession, fractured a hip bone in an accident near his house in Barasat's Barberia on Monday. He was first taken to the Barasat District Hospital from where he was referred to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital as the former does not have the facility to conduct the required surgery.Bala was, however, refused admission by RG Kar Hospital too and subsequently, Medical College and Hospital Calcutta and NRS Medical College Hospital, on the pretext that none had a bed to accommodate him. This, despite a Supreme Court ruling that says that hospitals can't refuse emergency patients.On Friday, doctors at CNMC conducted a check on Bala and removed the plaster cast at the Barasat District Hospital. The surgery is expected to be done soon.\"My father-in-law was in acute pain for four days. We felt helpless seeing him in that condition. We are extremely thankful to TOI for highlighting his plight. The doctors here readily admitted him and have been very helpful,\" added Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "proposal ", "code": "12302204", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Times guide to income tax", "text": "Proposal : The basic threshold limit for income-tax has been revised upwards marginally for individual taxpayers (except senior citizens) from Rs 1,80,000 to Rs 2,00,000.Impact : This will result in a tax savings for Rs 2,060 (Rs 1,030 for women) across the board. Those having taxable income up to Rs 2,00,000 are out of income-tax ambit.Proposal : While the tax slab rates (10% /20%/ 30%) remain the same, the trigger for the top tax slab (30%) has been raised from Rs 8,00,000 to Rs 10,00,000.Impact : This will result in a tax saving of upto Rs 20,600 (in addition to Rs 1,030/ Rs 2,030) for persons having income above Rs 8,00,000.Proposal : Senior citizens are no longer required to pay advance tax, if they are not running any business/ profession.Impact : This will help reduce the compliance burden for senior citizens. However, they will need to pay their taxes before filing the annual return of income.Proposal : A deduction of upto Rs 10,000 for interest from savings bank accounts is proposed while computing taxable income.Impact : This will save tax of upto Rs 3,090 on savings bank interest income. If taxable salary income is up to Rs 5,00,000 and interest from savings bank accounts is up to Rs 10,000, no tax return is to be filed.Proposal : An additional avenue of Rs 5,000 is also available to cover expenses for preventive health check-ups for self and family members within the overall limit of Rs 15,000 for Mediclaim insurance premium.Impact : This will allow taxpayers to recover some part of such expenses and encourage them to keep a tab on their health.Proposal : Capital gains from sale of house property will not be taxable, if invested in equity shares of eligible companies (typically SMEs).Impact : An additional avenue is now available to save tax on capital gains. This will also channelize funds to the small and medium enterprise (SME) sector.Proposal : Additional deduction for infrastructure bonds of Rs 20,000 has not been extended beyond assessment year 2012-13 .Impact : Such bonds will lose their attractiveness.Proposal : Securities Transaction Tax (' STT' ) reduced on delivery based equity transactions by 20% from 0.125% to 0.1%.Impact : This will reduce the transaction cost of purchasing/ selling shares in the secondary market/ stock exchanges and give a fillip to the capital market.Proposal : Tax benefits (deduction for premium or exemption for maturity proceeds) are no longer available to new life insurance policies having annual premiums of more than 10% of sum assured (this does not take into account the loyalty bonus component).Impact : New life insurance policies will not carry tax benefits any longer if premiums are more than 10% (presently 20%) of actual assured amount. The present life insurance policies thankfully will not be impacted by this change.Proposal : Seller of immovable property with value exceeding Rs 5,000,000 for urban areas (Rs 2,000,000 for rural areas) will need to deduct tax at source @ 1% of the sale value, and pay it to the government treasury.Impact : While this will help in tracking/ bringing to tax the transactions in real estate sector generally, there would be an additional compliance burden to be undertaken by the seller.Proposal : Additional tax of 1% will be collected at source from the buyer on cash purchases of jewellery, bullion, etc, if value exceeds Rs 2,00,000.Proposal : While this is intended to track the cash transactions in the jewellery/ bullion market, additional tax levy would increase the cost of the purchase and create an administrative burden for the seller.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303395", "title": "Stars unite for the unity song", "text": "Celebrities from different states have come together to record a song on unity in diversity.It always begins with a song. Michael Jackson did it to good effect and so did international stars Jamie Foxx, George Harrison and Lionel Richie; or even Alok Patki and Louis Banks's 1988 semi-anthemic Mile Sur Mera Tumhara. Now, music director and singer George Peter has assembled a motley crew of stars from diverse fields ranging from actors to singers, instrumentalists and sportspersons to talk about being united, focusing primarily on brotherhood and the linguistic diversity in the country. The yet-to-be-released multi-lingual song, titled One - The Unity Song, has taken off as a viral campaign on social networking sites.Explaining his initiative, George says, \"We've all got together and worked on it as our way of saying that we are one.\" And what a line-up he's got together already, If the initial word on the song is any indication, it features film stars like Vikram, Sudeep, Mammootty, Mohanlal, Suresh Gopi, Vivek Oberoi, Zayed Khan, Asin, Karthika, Lakshmi Rai, Mamta and Bhavana; sport stars Saina Nehwal and Sreesanth as well as singers/instrumentalists Blaaze, Shwetha Mohan, Shankar Mahadevan, Vasundhara Das, KS Chitra, Usha Uthup, Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan and sons, K J Yesudas, Vikku Vinayakaram and Stephen Devassy to name a few.Though word on the song has not gone beyond the virtual realm, it has still garnered massive support by virtue of its sheer star power. The promotional clips have been doing rounds featuring each of them engrossed in the song and the recording process. The mixing and mastering is currently underway at A R Rahman's studio in the city.John Thomas, founding member and the drummer of Kochi-based rock outfit Motherjane, explains that the song was recorded following one-on-one sessions with each artist involved in the project. \"George went around the country, meeting the musicians and recording with them. He knew exactly what he wanted and I played,\" he adds.Singer Usha Uthup, in a promotional video for the song, says, \"I've always said that if you were born an Indian, you're born with an advantage of 17 basic languages. I just didn't see it; and I've been living the languages. When we have the advantage, why don't we make use of it? There was a time when the west remained in the west and the east in the east; the north and the south never got together - because of language. Unity in diversity, that's what India stands for, and the whole world. We are all global citizens. But hey, it's great to say you're an Indian!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306975", "title": "Johny Antony finds Charmee suitable for his film", "text": "Director Johny Antony, who has just begun work on his Mammootty-starrer Malayalam film Tappana, says he could not have found a better suited actress than Charmee for the female lead role.\"The film's producer Milan Jaleel and I were in talks with a few well-known actresses. But some of the heroines place money above everything else. They do not even see or consider the fact that they are giving up a role of a lifetime when they do so,\" he says.The director also adds that he was relieved when Charmee signed up for the role as she was, in fact, the first person they contacted for the same. \"Charmee is most suited for this role and we had approached her first. While things did not work out before, we are happy that she is finally part of the project,\" says Johny.Incidentally, the film's producer had gone on record to state that actress Ramya and Sameera Reddy were too expensive for Mollywood. \"That suggests that while they are expensive, I am not. But that's not fair to someone who has done as many as 55 movies already. I have taken up this role only because it is really that good,\" retorts Charmee, who adds that her fans across Tollywood were most upset when they heard she had taken on a role in Mollywood that others had refused.\"I received so many messages and mails from fans asking me why I had to go all the way to Mollywood for lesser when I was already doing so well for myself in Tollywood. The truth is, I am not being paid peanuts. Also, the script is really good,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300958", "title": "Public-private partnership projects in state to get a boost", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union Budget has given a psychological boost to public-private partnership (PPP) projects in a region which boasts of the first such project in the Metro rail.Senior Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) officials were buoyed as PPP was given a stepup in the budget.\"We have several PPP projects and will go for more. It's good that the Centre is continuing its programme of boosting PPPs,'' they said.The budget note states,\"The strategy we have followed is to increase investment in infras t r u c t u re through a combination of public investment and public private partnership.'' The PPP model is sought to be extended to the building of irrigation channels, terminal markets, infrastructure for agriculture markets and oil and gas storage facilities.MMRDA has two of its projects for the metro-lines one and two-coming up under PPP;the gigantic trans-harbour link is also coming up under PPP, as are several smaller projects like solid waste management and e-waste management. Ajai Saxena, a PPP expert for Maharashtra for the Asian Development Bank, said what the budget has announced is exciting for PPPs' future.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12305453", "title": "Vishal Singh in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa", "text": "The latest celebrity contestant to join Avika Gor in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaais Vishal Singh of Saathiya fame.He is the second participant to get signed on in the dance reality show featuring popular faces from the glamour industry. Apparently, the original diva Rekha has been approached to judge the show along side the Dhak Dhak girl, Madhuri Dixit. Rekha is tipped to sign the contract early next week. Vishal, we hear, is too excited to become a part of the show featuring stalwarts and was game the moment the production house approached him with the offer. Informs our khabroo, \"\"Vishal is seen in one of the top rated shows on television today, Saath Nibhaana Saathiya. We are hoping to cash in on his popularity.\"\" Vishal remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12298114", "title": "Congress mulls local Rajya Sabha nominee, Bahugana rushes to Delhi to meet Sonia", "text": "NEW DELHI: The standoff in Uttarakhand could cast a shadow over the Rajya Sabha polls, with Congress mulling to field a local for the upcoming vacancy fearing that an \"outsider\" could deepen the crisis.It is feared that nominating an \"outsider\" amid raw nerves over Congress's decision to pick Vijay Bahuguna as the CM could aggravate the situation and boomerang. Sources said the party has to pick between re-nominating retiring MP Satyavrat Chaturvedi and replacing him with a local. Though there are many other aspirants, they may not make the grade.The ticklish issue was discussed between party chief Sonia Gandhi and embattled CM Bahuguna who rushed to the capital after 17 MLAs skipped taking oath as part of symbolic protest in support of Union minister Harish Rawat. He also met the Congress chief along with PCC chief Yashpal Arya and AICC general secretary Birender Singh.Importantly, Bahuguna reached out to Rawat, calling him to seek a meeting. Sources said Rawat asked the CM to let emotions subside before they could come face to face, but advised him to desist from provocative statements and instead try to persuade other aggrieved leaders for cooperation.The standoff showed signs of easing off, but with many protesting MLAs unwilling to budge without major concessions, the onus seems to be on the leadership to hammer out a solution.The crisis could nudge the party towards a package to accommodate the aggrieved camp. With fewer power positions in the tiny hill state, sources said Arya may have to relinquish his post. Arya, who has thrown his lot behind Bahuguna in the factional feud, is tipped for a ministerial berth.At the same time, the CM may have to contend with the demand of four independents and three BSP MLAs for ministerial berths. \"It is impossible that all outsiders could be accommodated. It would look like a government of outsiders backed by Congress,\" a senior leader said.The pressure from the anti-Bahuguna faction for power positions, in government and organization, may test Bahuguna's skills. Given the availability of fewer berths as against the big list of aspirants, it is feared the government would permanently be saddled with disgruntled elements who could stoke crisis at will while the wafer-thin numerical buffer would keep the coalition on the edge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12299440", "title": "Undertrial injured in sub-jail fight", "text": "SURAT: Dashrath Bhel, an undertrial in sub-jail in Surat for the past 12 months, was beaten up by another undertrial Deva, a couple of days ago. Bhel, who is awaiting trial for having allegedly killed his daughter, was hit in the abdominal region by Deva. The latter has been in jail for a week for a petty case, according to New Civil Hospital (NCH) register.NCH doctors said that the patient would need two weeks to recover. However, sub-jail officials have denied any scuffle among the inmates.The reason behind such fights in jail is over crowding. There are 1,067 inmates as against the jail's capacity for 345 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300334", "title": "Nitish congratulates Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar congratulated Sachin Tendulkar for scoring his 100th century in international cricket on Friday.The CM left the House for a while during the debate on the budgetary demand of revenue and land reforms department and returned with the news of Tendulkar hitting his 100th ton during the match against Bangladesh in the Asia Cup tournament. He informed the Speaker and members of the legislative assembly about Tendulkar's feat.Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary said the assembly would send a congratulatory message to Tendulkar on reaching the landmark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12298972", "title": "Madras high court comes to aid of Nigerians", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered medical treatment for three Nigerian nationals, allegedly assaulted by about 20 prison warders inside Central Prison-II at Puzhal, and directed the prison department to submit a report on the matter by March 20.The Nigerian nationals - Osaqie, 41, Dickson, 29, and Michael, 36, - are in jail since November 2011. A petition filed in the high court claimed that the three were attacked by a group of about 20 prison warders on March 14.Their counsel M Radhakrishnan, told the court that though they had sustained severe injuries in the attack they were not provided medical treatment and that no action had been taken against the erring warders as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12308567", "title": "ENPO annoyed with NSCN-K over killings", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Eastern Naga People's Organization (ENPO) has declared non-cooperation against NSCN (Khaplang) with immediate effect. At an emergency meeting on March 15 held in view of the killings of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) cadres at Mon district by NSCN (K) members, the ENPO said it was a violation of the December 2007 resolution.A statement issued by ENPO president P Pongom, and vice presidents Chingmak and Yonglong Konyak, stated that the Eastern Naga National Workers' Association (ENNWA) of the then undivided NSCN-K, Eastern Naga National Workers' Union (ENNWU) of the NSCN-IM, NNC of the six tribes of Eastern Nagaland area along with ENPO, frontal organizations and the federating tribal units had been signatories to the December 2007 resolution for maintaining peace and a non-violent zone.The release said the decision for non-cooperation is a consequence of the killing of two NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) cadres by the NSCN (K) at Longwa on February 28 and the killings of another three near Chui village on March 14. The killings are a violation of the continuous efforts of ENPO, Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR) and tribal bodies for Naga reconciliation, the release stated. The Assam Rifles on Saturday raided the Ceasefire Supervisory Board office of the NSCN (K) situated at Mon and nabbed 4 NSCN (K) cadres. Sources said the raid was conducted on Friday. It may be mentioned that three bodies, suspected to be of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) cadres, were recovered from a village in Mon district triggering tension in the border area on Thursday. Police found the bullet-riddled bodies near Chui village junction on Friday.Following the incident, the situation in Mon is tense as there were reports of movement of armed members from rival factions in and around the district headquarters town of Mon, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12298881", "title": "PSI booked for harassing wife for dowry", "text": "AMRAVATI: Frejarpura police have booked a Police Sub Inspector for physically and mentally harassing his wife for dowry.According to sources, Bhaurao Pundalik Ghuge, attached with local crime branch was accused of physically and mentally harassing his wife, in a complaint lodged by his wife with Frejarpura police station. A resident of Ashiyana police apartment, Ghuge hails from Marsud village in Washim district. He married the woman in 2006 and since then he and his family have been harassing her for dowry of Rs 2.5 lakh for buying flat in Pune.She mentioned in the complaint that when she showed inability to get money from her parents, Ghuge threw her out of his house. Frejarpura police have booked Ghuge and his family under relevant sections of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300304", "title": "Man sent to jail for duping jobless youths", "text": "PATNA: One Alok Kumar Singh was on Friday forwarded to jail for allegedly duping unemployed youths in the name of giving them jobs in the Merchant Navy. He was arrested on Thursday.City SP, Patna , Kim on Friday said that some of the duped youths met her and complained about the activities of Singh, who had opened his office on Boring Road under S K Puri police station. She said that Singh used to take Rs 3.50 lakh from each unemployed youths for training them and providing them jobs in the Merchant Navy without getting proper permission from the authorities concerned.Kim said that Singh did not give the youths training, though he has set up a coaching class at his office. She said that he has also launched his website. Singh never gave any job to the youths, from whom he had taken money, the SP said and added that later he agreed to return the money that he had taken from the youths and was arrested.Kim said that the local police have sealed Singh's office and recovered several forms and cheque books from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12298772", "title": "Daughter completes thesis for dead mother", "text": "NAGPUR: A daughter fulfilled the ambition of her dead mother by completing her thesis after her death. The mother had met with a fatal accident.Savita Charde, working with Government College of Engineering in Amravati as professor and head of mechanical department, died in an accident on way from Amravati in May last year. She was doing her thesis on - AFEM Based Model to Predict Creep Properties of 316 (In) SS Welded Joint.Her daughter Priyamwada, a final year student of GH Raisoni Engineering College, fulfilled her last wishes and also gave her a perfect birthday gift by completing her thesis and submitting it to VNIT on March 13.\"My mother was very passionate about her project. Even during the marriage of my sister and her delivery, her focus was her PhD,\" Priyamvada says. She remembered how hard her mother had worked for it. \"It was her intense passion that inspired me to complete her work. It took me sometime to understand but I vowed to complete it before her birthday,\" she adds. Priyamvada, who has been selected by a renowned software company in Noida in campus interview, took consent of her father Rajiv for the tough job.However, she was depressed when she came to know that her hard work for her mother cannot be materialized as VNIT rules do not permit degree to be awarded to a dead candidate. \"Even an external viva-voce exam is not held,\" she rues.However, she now aims to carry her mother's passion forward by pursuing PhD herself in future. \"There are many plans, I even want to open a restaurant,\" she says. Her mother's guide Dilip Peshwe, who is a senior lecturer at VNIT, was full of praise for both of them. \"Savita was a student of VNIT and completed her graduation from mechanical engineering, a rarity for girls in those days. Her research was on Creep which is a unique field related to high temperature testing of materials.\"He adds that her research papers would be presented during the international conferences and also be kept at their department as an important reference or future research. \"For getting a degree, candidate's sign is needed. Viva can be waived off, but sign is must. I checked with all universities in India on this rule and it is the same. Unfortunately, we cannot award her a PhD,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12305581", "title": "No more fiction shows for the time being: Sumeet Raghavan", "text": "Sumeet Raghavan has done it all in the entertainment industry. Whether it is the big screen or the small screen, Sumeet has shown his versatility as an actor in all genres.Sumeet has acted in movies like U Me Aur Hum, Firaaq, My Name Is Khan and Kucch Luv Jaisaa. After becoming a household name from the comedy show Sarabhai Vs Sarabhai, Sumeet Raghavan is back on the small screen; but this time, in a completely different role.Donning the anchor's hat for the first time is Sumeet Raghavan for the comedy show - The Late Night Show. After a successful run of the show Jai Hindon the internet which garnered millions of hits, the show is now being run on television. The show, based on spoofs on various happenings of our country, sees Sumeet in a never-before-seen avatar.Confident about his new show, Sumeet says, \"I do not want to do any more fiction shows for the time being. I am just concentrating on this one show at the moment. I want to spend more time with my family and kids now.\" Point taken!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12291709", "title": "I will get married by the end of this year: Kareena Kapoor", "text": "Actress Kareena Kapoor, who is busy shooting for Madhur Bhandarkar's \"Heroine\", says she will get married to beau Saif Ali Khan by the end of the year.Reports suggested that the Bollywood couple was planning to tie the knot after the release of Saif's home production \" Agent Vinod \" this March but Kareena says they are in no rush.\"I will get married hopefully by the end of this year... because I am busy doing 'Heroine' and I have to finish the film first. We are not yet going to announce the date. We are in no such rush but it will happen this year,\" said Kareena, who was in the Capital to attend the India Today Conclave.The 31-year-old, who has been dating Saif since 2007, says she does not consider herself as a \"star\" but just \"a simple girl in love\".\"I am actually just a simple girl in love whose dreams have come true. Ever since I was 9 I would see Karisma (sister) rehearse and I would go backstage and repeat the same things. I always wanted to act and I know nothing other than acting. I have no degree and so I hope to act forever,\" she said.Kareena has done a variety of role in her career spanning over a decade. She has given hits like \"Jab We Met\", \" 3 Idiots \", \"Omkara\", \"Bodyguard\" and \"Ra.One\".Talking about her film \"Heroine\", Kareena said, \"It's turning out pretty well... It's an exciting journey of an actress, she is slightly schizophrenic and she has got these different mood swings it's very difficult for me to do...But I am glad there is a role like this. It is fun not to stand behind Shahrukh and Salman in a movie but prove yourself as an actor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "proposal", "code": "12301448", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Times guide to corporate tax", "text": "Proposal: Alternate Minimum Tax on partnership firms, sole proprietorships, association of persons, etc, that are claiming profit-linked deduction.Impact:Now, partnership firms, sole proprietorships, association of persons claiming tax holiday shall have to pay minimum tax @ 20.01% if the adjusted total income exceeds Rs 20 lakh.P: Credits in the nature of share capital, share premium, etc , to be taxable in the hands of private companies unless source of income in the hand of shareholder is explained .I: This amendment casts burden on private companies receiving funds to satisfy the tax authorities of the source of the funds of the investor.P: Up to 90% penalty leviable on undisclosed income found during search proceedings.I: At present, undisclosed income found during search proceedings is only subjected to tax and interest. It's now proposed that penalty between 10% to 90% of the undisclosed income could be levied in such cases.P: Share premium received in excess of FMV of shares is taxable as income in the hands of private companies .I: Onus on private companies to substantiate the FMV of its shares. That the funds received are not in excess of such FMV; else such excess would become taxable.P: Tax on interest on ECB raised by companies engaged in specified infrastructure sector lowered from 20% to 5%.I: This will augment long-term , low cost funds from abroad for specified infrastructure companies.P: Dividends received from foreign subsidiaries continues to be taxed at reduced effective rate of 16.22%.I: This will incentivize Indian companies to repatriate excess cash lying in overseas subsidiaries to India.P: Cascading effect of DDT on multi-tier structure rationalized.I: This will avoid multiple levy of DDT for corporate groups with multi-layer structure. At present, only the first tier subsidiary could claim a DDT.P: Weighted deduction of 200 % on in-house R&D; facilities extended by 5 years .I: This will encourage corporate sector to continue to spend on in-house research.P: Exemption limit for mandatory tax audit increased for SMEs to Rs 1 crore and professionals to Rs 25 lakh.I: This should reduce the compliance burden on SMEs and small professionals.P: Sunset clause extended to 31 March 2013 for claiming deduction under section 80IA to power sector undertakings.I: This would incentivize investments in power sector, ie, generation and distribution of power, transmission or distribution lines and renovation and modernization of existing lines.P: Certain domestic transactions between related parties to also be subjected to transfer pricing scrutiny .I: Currently, only international transactions are covered under transfer pricing ambit. It is proposed to also include domestic transactions aggregating Rs 5 crore in a year between related parties under transfer pricing.Compiled and powered by Ernst &amp; YoungFull Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12306275", "title": "Lord Paul hails Pranab for presenting a 'good budget'", "text": "LONDON: Describing India's budgetary proposals for 2012-13 as \"very good\", leading NRI industrialist Lord Swraj Paul today said the country faces too many problems that needed to be addressed now.Reacting to the Budget, Lord Paul, the Caparo Group Chairman, said: \"The budget has taken the reality of India's situation. There are too many problems that exist which need to be dealt with to make the economy better.\"I hope the government gets the grip on the problem and start paying attention to it. India has a great future if we can get our house in order.\"He lauded Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee for presenting a \"good budget\".\"It is a very good budget. Congratulations to the Finance Minister,\" Lord Paul said.Mukherjee in the Budget presented yesterday hiked excise duty and service tax by 2 per cent across-the-board to raise Rs 45,940 crore and offered marginal relief to individuals in income tax.Among other things, the budget aims at reducing fiscal deficit to 5.1 per cent during 2012-13 as against the revised 5.9 per cent of the GDP for this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12300785", "title": "Anganwadi workers get pittance for additional work", "text": "MANGALORE: Anganwadi workers toil for bettering the lives of millions of children across the country, and are the providers of several basic services to the poor. But underpaid and overworked, they find it difficult to make ends meet. Considered as social workers, their working hours are on par with that of government employees - from 9.30am to 4pm. But they are not paid wages or salaries -- they get a monthly honorarium of Rs 4,500.Despite their low remuneration, the responsibilities that these workers are required to perform are extensive. Many a time, they are forced to take care of two anganwadis simultaneously when workers the in neighboring aganwadis go on leave. For this additional work, they get a meagre Rs 50 as an additional incharge allowance per month.The honorarium fixed for anganwadi workers across the state was Rs 150 per month in 1982. Those workers, who take up additional charge of another angawadi, were paid Rs 50, taking their monthly honorarium to Rs 200 then. Over the years, the government had increased the honorarium 30 times, while the in-charge allowance continues to be Rs 50.Vishalakshi Prasad, secretary of the city unit of Dakshina Kannada District Anganwadi Workers' and Helpers' Association, said: \"It is an example for the government's apathy towards us. We have to shell out extra money for travelling while taking additional charge of another anganwadi, and we have no option to claim the amount.In-charge allowance should be increased from Rs 50 to at least Rs 2,500.\" She added that an additional Rs 1,000 should be distributed per month for buying firewood, gas and other items for preparing food for children. \"We do not get honorarium on time and are forced to hold protests to get it,\" she lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12300243", "title": "SSC student's eye injured in cell phone blast", "text": "NAGPUR: SSC student Sachin Verma has been advised to undergo an eye operation after a mobile phone exploded, leaving some particles pierced in his right eye. Verma, a resident of Manish Nagar, was trying to open the Chinese make cell phone when it suddenly exploded on Friday afternoon.Doctors said that Verma's lenses have been damaged and he will have to undergo an operation. Apart from his eyes, Verma also suffered injuries on his right hand and thighs. Though doctors have assured that Verma will not lose his eyesight, he will not be able to appear for his next SSC paper on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300182", "title": "44 disproportionate assets cases registered against state employees", "text": "PATNA: The state government has registered as many as 44 cases against government staff who have acquired assets beyond their known source of income.Replying to a question of Neeraj Kumar (JD-U), home department in-charge minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary said in the Bihar Legislative Council on Friday that the Bihar Special Courts Act, 2009, allows the government to confiscate property of an accused in a corruption case during trial.The minister said that the government has already confiscated the property in two cases. Former Bihar cadre IAS officer S S Verma was the first to have his property seized, having lost an appeal against it in the Patna High Court last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12299297", "title": "Youth's last-minute change of mind to end life turned risky", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 21-year-old youth decided to end his life by jumping off Sardar Bridge on Friday morning. He also crossed the parapet of the bridge but then decided against it and tried to return. However, in this dilemma he slipped and was found by passersby hanging for his dear life by holding onto one of the bridge's pillars and shouting for help.Passersby called Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials, who rushed to the spot and rescued him.According to Ellisbridge police officials, the youth - later identified as Jayesh, a resident of Untwali chali, Behrampura, - wanted to end his life by jumping off the bridge. \"Rather than jumping off directly, he decided to cross the railing. However, he could not do it properly and then slipped, falling off the bridge. Luckily, he held on to the pillar at the side and started shouting.Till the time AFES officials reached the spot, people mainly from the flower and vegetable market tried to get him on the bridge by extending hands but in vain,\" said a police official.Investigators said that Jayesh was having financial troubles and had started off from his residence after an altercation with his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299338", "title": "TMC rebuffs Congress, names cadidates for Rajya Sabha", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress on Friday snubbed alliance partner Congress and the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha to announce four candidates for state elections to the Rajya Sabha. The Left Front has also announced its candidate, accounting for all five vacancies Bengal has in the Upper House. The battlelines will be drawn if a sixth candidate is announced, either by the Congress or the GJM. The Congress high command is undecided on whether it should take on its first UPA ally and force elections, which are scheduled on March 30.On Friday evening, state Congress leaders tried to convince party chief Sonia Gandhi that they had the numbers for a head-on contest with the Trinamool for one Rajya Sabha seat. The Congress has a total 42 first preference votes - since it has 42 legislators in the assembly. It is seven short of 49, the number needed for a comfortable win. A look at party positions in the assembly shows putting up a solo fight is not easy for the Congress. Since it is in an alliance with the Trinamool, it can't knock on the doors of the Left Front, which could give a Congress candidate the required numbers. The Left has 61 MLAs and a lone candidate, Tapan Sen, for the Rajya Sabha. Sen can make his way to the Upper House with 50 first preference votes. The Left will still have 11 crucial votes in its kitty. Added to 42 first preference votes of the Congress, it would give a Congress candidate sufficient numbers. But this is not going to happen.The Trinamool, on the other hand, has 185 MLAs. One may assume it will cast 50 first preference votes for each of the first three candidates - party general secretary Mukul Roy and media personalities Nadim-ul-Haq and Kunal Ghosh. The fourth candidate, another media figure Vivek Gupta, is thus left with 35 first preference votes. However, this may not be the only way of voting. The Trinamool may cast 49 first preference votes for Roy and 46 or 47 for the next two candidates, thus saving five to six first preference votes to push up its tally for Gupta to 40 or 41. The fourth candidate also expects support from the lone SUCI(C) MLA, a Trinamool ally, bringing him on a par with the total first preference votes that the Congress has.If the Congress does eventually decide to field a candidate, it can tap the four GJM votes and that of Independent Hamidur Rahman, which might give it an edge over the fourth Trinamool candidate in the numbers game. The GJM had asked for the fourth seat from the Trinamool and Roshan Giri, the Hills-based party's general secretary, is upset with the Trinamool move. \"It's quite disappointing and unfortunate,\" Giri said, avoiding questions on the party's plans for March 30. The GJM has two options. It can either field a candidate and seek the Congress's support or support the Congress if it fields a candidate. Pradesh Congress leaders from state chief Pradip Bhattacharya to spokesperson Omprakash Mishra are all in favour of fielding a candidate. \"We've met the Congress president and tried to impress upon her the growing feeling among party workers that we should contest a Rajya Sabha seat,\" Bhattacharya said. Dismissing suggestions that the Trinamool would fall short of numbers for its fourth nominee, party general secretary Partha Chatterjee said, \"We have the numbers. The allies will support us. Vivek Gupta is known to all. It will not be a problem.\" He ruled out any possibility of supporting the Congress in case it fields a candidate. \"In the past, we have supported Congress candidates. Candidates have been selected by rotation and we hope they (Congress) will accept it,\" Chatterjee said.Kiranmay Nanda set to be RS member from UPFormer West Bengal fisheries minister and Samajwadi Party leader Kiranmay Nanda on Friday filed his Rajya Sabha nomination from Uttar Pradesh along with four others in the presence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . Nanda's elevation to the Upper House appears a foregone conclusion for the SP, which has a strength of 225 (with one Independent MLA Raja Bhaiya) in the House of 403 and can send six members to the Rajya Sabha. Nanda was a member of the Left Front Cabinet from 1982-2011 and represented East Midnapore's Mugberia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303330", "title": "You will never see my partner at a film event: John Abraham", "text": "A conversation devised to get John Abraham to talk about his personal life could well resemble a chess board in an advanced stage of the game. He stonewalls every attempt to outwit him into confessions, matches every probe with clever wordplay. Yet, he gives us enough bits to build a story on.We are chatting inside his vanity van, where he is sprawled on a bean bag, dressed in a prisoner's uniform for Shootout at Wadala. He has a swollen ankle, a nose that has just stopped bleeding and a deep gash on his back, he tells us. But before we can show sympathy, he laughs it off. Just as he laughs when he ask him point-blank: is he married? Engaged?Not true, he says with a vehement shake of his head and then gets dead serious.\"There have been a lot of speculations... assumptions. There is no truth and nothing in what I have not spoken about. I am fiercely guarding this part of my life and I don't want to speak about it because it puts it (the relationship) in a space that is very callous.\"Clever, but we persist. We know how John met the pretty investment banker Priya Runchal at a gym, and were gym buddies before they started dating. And how, over the months, the couple have reportedly gone from strength to strength. Had all those wildfire rumours about their engagement and marriage been -just that- rumours?For once, John gets that faraway look, pauses, chooses his words carefully.\"Right now, my relationship is in its very delicate, initial stages... People are eager to see a resolution I know but I want to be in a space where I can say confidently, 'I am here now and I am settled and I am going to do it, I will'. It is too early,\" he says.Unlike the highly-visible Bipasha, Priya is almost not there. And it seems, her phantom-like presence is by design. Says John, \"This is very sacred. You will never see me put my relationship on a pedestal for the world to see... you will never see me with my partner (note, he NEVER refers to Priya by her name) at a film function.\" It occurs to us that the only two occasions when the paparazzi saw John and Priya together were at the Mumbai Marathon and later at the launch of a book by John's cousin. Barring the first sighting at a five-star of course...We ask him if it is easier to create this cocoon of privacy when your partner is not someone from the industry. John does not entirely agree. \"It is about me more than anybody else. I needed to give this relationship a lot of care, respect and privacy and the credibility that it deserves,\" he says. But for now, he is happy to draw the line between the very accessible star John and the private person that he is.Speaking of which, we wonder if it still hurts when critics count his number of expressions. \"It does not. People who have seen Water rate my performance highly. Kabul Express, No Smoking are now considered great works. I am aware that my physicality outshines my performance, but someone told me that I should be apologetic about being a star,\" he emphasises before making, what may appear to be an audacious comparison.\"When Heath Ledger's father went up to his receive his dead son's award, he said, \"Heath had a silent determination to be accepted by all of you. Till Dark Knight, or Brokeback Mountain, he was considered below par,\" says John, adding how his \"silently determined\" portrayal of Manya Surve and the upcoming Jaffna, may just do to his image what Dark Knight did to Ledger's.But the media has been fair, says John, especially when he broke up with Bipasha. \"I was surprised. I thought, since I was the man, fingers will be pointed at me. The reportage about where my relationship went wrong and where my relationship is today has been unbiased. People were not judgemental then, they are not judgemental today.\"And that, says John, has helped him handle this new phase in his personal and professional life with a lot of maturity. There is a lot going on with him -his production house is ready with Vicky Donor, on a subject that he believes is extremely relevant (the marketing background shows up when he rattles off infertility statistics). Besides, there is Manya Surve, a character, he is \"living and breathing\".Lessons from the tumultuous 2011 and the breakup? \"Yes, I am a lot calmer, more responsible. I am, for the first time, spending a lot more time with my family and I have learnt to handle my personal space with a lot more care,\" he says, between mouthfuls of nutrition bars. But that does not mean you can expect John Abraham to settle down to domesticity any time soon.\"I am a family person. But in my heart, I'm a bohemian...I expect my partner to travel the world with me. I am footloose, and fancy free and... I think it is exotic not to know what John Abraham is up to!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300060", "title": "Separate panel for making Sec 17 vehicle-free zone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The finance and contract committee (F&CC;) on Friday passed a resolution to form a committee of UT administration and municipal corporation to take decisions for making Sector 17 a vehicle-free zone. The members felt that lot of stakeholders like booth and showroom owners and parking contractors are directly affected with any decision taken, hence, the matter needs proper discussion.They also decided that the civic body will discuss with UT the alternative sites if parking needs to be closed, besides how the system will implemented.Pardeep Chhabra, member of the committee, said it is not easy to decide on the no vehicle zone and the matter needs proper discussion with the Chandigarh administration. Another member of the committee, Subash Chawla said they have apprised the UT about the points so that it could further inform the Punjab and Haryana high court and give us proper time to make the things possible. The committee also decided to start door to door garbage collection from April 15 from sector 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12301026", "title": "'Killer soldier was drinking, snapped under war stress'", "text": "NEW YORK: The US soldier who went on a shooting spree, killing 16 civilians, including nine children in Afghanistan last week, had \"snapped\" under high stress of long combat tours, familial tensions and alcohol.The 38-year-old combat sergeant has been flown out of Afghanistan and is being moved to a prison in the US.A New York Times report said a senior American official has given details about the US soldier's state before he went and killed the Afghan civilians.The official said the sergeant had been drinking alcohol , in violation of military rules in combat zones, and was suffering from the stress related to his fourth combat tour coupled with tensions with his wife about the deployments on the night of the massacre.\"When it all comes out, it will be a combination of stress, alcohol and domestic issues - he just snapped,\" said the official.The soldier's attorney, John Henry Browne, said that the day before the rampage , the soldier saw his friend's leg blown off. Browne said his client's family provided him with details of the injury to another US soldier. \"His leg was blown off, and my client was standing next to him,\" he said.The American official said the military was preparing to move the sergeant, who was flown to Kuwait, to a US prison most likely in Fort Leavenworth Kansas, as early as Friday.He said the sergeant's sudden transfer to the US is the result of a \"behind-thescenes\" diplomatic uproar with Kuwait, which learned of the sergeant's move to an American base on Kuwaiti territory from news reports before the US government could alert Kuwait about it.The father of two was on his first combat tour in Afghanistan and his fourth tour in all, with three in Iraq , since he enlisted in 2001. \"There will be questions raised about his emotional and mental stability for a fourth deployment,\" the official said. The soldier's identity has not been revealed by the army.Troopers back from Afghanistan killed in FranceFrance banned soldiers stationed in the southwest from wearing uniform outside barracks on Friday after three paratroopers were mysteriously shot dead in twin cold-blooded attacks on a shopping street in garrison town Montauban. \"Security advice has been given, particularly at the entrances of military bases,\" an army spokesman said. The soldiers belonged to a unit that had recently served in Afghanistan.AFP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299515", "title": "Budget 2012: IPO e-push, but will it pull investors?", "text": "The initial public offer (IPO) market may have been in the dumps last year but the Budget has proposed measures to give it a push to reach more retail investors in small towns.The government is making it mandatory for companies to issue IPOs of \"(Rs) 10 crore and above in electronic form through a nationwide broker network of stock exchanges\".But if the recent ONGC auction and the lukewarm response to the Wipro trust's offer is any indication, pushing through IPOs wouldn't be a cakewalk.In all, IPO approvals of 11 companies that were planning to mobilize Rs 4,771 crore have already expired in 2012.Incidentally, 29 companies put off their IPOs worth Rs 32,400 crore in 2011. A vast number of IPOs are now trading at a steep discount to their offer prices.\"The problem is not about technology. There should be a positive momentum in the markets,\" said Jagannadham Thunuguntla, head (research), SMC Global Securities. G Chokkalingam, CIO, Centrum Wealth Management, said, \"Also, the secondary market needs to improve. But there will be a revival.\"Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12304008", "title": "Mayawati's security cover reduced", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Saturday morning ordered reduction in the size of the 415-men strong security cover given to Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo and former UP chief minister Mayawati. She will now be under the Z-plus security cover - 36 National Security Guard's (NSG's) Black Cats commandoes and 20 odd police guards - at par with all the former UP CMs, including Mulayam Singh Yadav and Rajnath Nath Singh.The decision was taken by the state home department after reviewing the security cover extended by UP Police to all political personalities. Scaling of Mayawati's security cover alone will spare about 300 armed policemen for other duties.The strength of security units for 24X7 cover is calculated on the basis of heads engaged on security duty at a time multiplied by 3 (as they work in three shifts).Apart from the manpower, all hi-tech gadgets and equipments installed at her residence will also be withdrawn with immediate effect.Interestingly, in her very last financial statement before the assembly, Mayawati had allocated Rs 26 crore for her security which included an addition of another 14 cars (four of them bulletproof) in her fleet apart from two mobile frequency jammers. After the scaledown, Mayawati will still have a bullet proof car and NSG Black Cats; only their count will be much less.Security has always been a major concern for Mayawati whenever she was in power. Her political rivals claim that her fetish for security was more of her want to flaunt her status symbol than mere threat perception. The move will undoubtedly leave a security-conscious Mayawati fuming compounding her perennial fears of being targeted.Sources in the security wing of the state police say that more than Mayawati, it was her blue -eyed bureaucrats who were always eager to enhance the security around her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300360", "title": "No crunch, so Delhi government okay with cut", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has received a central grant of Rs 1,100 crore in the Union Budget for 2012-13, down from last year's allocation of Rs 1,257 crore. Most of the allocation is under JNNURM (Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission) for infrastructure projects and housing for the urban poor.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit , however, was not frowning on Friday. \"I feel the Budget is a practical one in the given circumstances when the world is witnessing an economic slowdown,\" she observed. She said the Budget was a balanced one despite the difficult political circumstances. \"Delhi government is not suffering from any financial crunch, we are fine,\" she said, pointing out that better tax collections had given a boost to the state's finances. \"If we need more funds, I am sure the Centre will assist us,\" said the CM.She said she had met urban development minister Kamal Nath on Friday. \"The ministry has funds available under JNNURM and has shown its keenness to give us resources when we require,\" she added.Of the Rs 1,100 crore assigned to Delhi, Rs 700 crore is for JNNURM projects. Of this, Rs 400 crore is for urban infrastructure projects, Rs 290 crore for basic services for urban poor and Rs 10 crore for urban housing for poor under Rajiv Awaas Yojna. Of the amount left, Rs 281 crore has been allocated for externally assisted projects and Rs 68 crore under the Central Road Fund.In 2011-12, of a total central allocation of Rs 1,257 crore, Rs 900 crore had been allocated for JNNURM projects but revised estimates show the state government was unable to utilize the funds - it's down to Rs 400 crore. The state has blamed delayed clearances in most cases for the underutilization of these funds.In 2011, the state government was struggling with its finances in the post-Commonwealth Games scenario. Dikshit had taken over the portfolio of finance from Dr AK Walia in February 2011. With allegations of corruption hounding them, officials went slow on projects and financial approval. In September, the finance department changing gears and went after departments seeking new projects, assigning resources and stepping up revenue boosting measures.A special session of Delhi assembly will be held on March 21 for seeking a vote-on-account for allocation of funds for the first couple of months of the next fiscal. The government will present a proper budget only after the civic polls.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12301069", "title": "Auto sector gives thumbs down to budget", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The auto ancillary industry has described the Budget as inflation-oriented. The 2% increase in excise duty from existing 10% has surprised the industry players.With no clear roadmap for the direct tax code (DTC) and no major subsidies for the small and medium enterprises in the UPA-II government's Budget, the ancillary industry associations here have expressed disappointment.\"Contrary to our expectations, this budget has failed to lift the mood of the small scale units. There's no major thrust on generating demand on the economy and we are afraid this budget will increase its price rise,\" said Adityapur Small Industries Association (Asia) general secretary Santosh Khetan. \"As an entrepreneur, I see nothing in this budget to praise about,\" said Khetan.The Laghu Udyog Bharati (LUB), too, said Pranab Mukherjee's Budget was not worth praising. \"We were expecting structural reforms aimed at increasing demand in the economy but the government has failed on this front and at the same time it has increased the excise duty,\" said a senior member of the LUB.The Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Ssaid the only positive thing in the budget document was about the government's bid to set up GST (goods and services tax) network by coming August, said SCCI secretary Vasani. He said it was understood that the excise duty would continue at 10% till the GST was implemented but by increasing 2% the government had only caused trouble to the industry.\"The two percent increase in the service tax shall also affect the business at large,\" said Vasani.Apparently, the Budget stems from the compulsions of the coalition politics and there's not much to cheer about, said an industrialist. He said this budget would also increase cost of the day-to-day household items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300331", "title": "DLW men win both matches", "text": "PATNA: Diesel Locomotive Workshop (DLW), Varanasi, won both their matches to be on top of pool B of the All India Men &amp; Women Volleyball Tournament being played on round-robin league basis at the outer ground of Moinul Haq Stadium here on Friday.After sweating out in the morning match against CRPF, Delhi, and winning 22-25, 25-12, 25-23, 18-25, 25-12, the locomotive men defeated Punjab Police 27-25, 25-21, 25-17 in the evening. In another pool B match, CRPF beat BMP Boys, Bihar, 25-15, 25-20, 25-23. It was the second consecutive loss for BMP Boys.In men's pool A encounters, ONGC got the better of Indian Bank 25-18, 25-17, 25-19 while BSF beat East Coast Railways, Bhubaneswar, 25-23, 25-17, 27-25.In the girls' section, South Eastern Railways, Kolkata, thrashed Bihar 25-7, 25-8, 25-8 to register their second win in the tournament after defeating Delhi 25-23, 25-10, 25-21 on Thursday. Delhi suffered the second drubbing at the hands of Eastern Railways, Kolkata, 9-25, 25-22, 20-25,14-25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12300828", "title": "Top temples will soon get AC facility", "text": "MYSORE: If everything goes as planned by the Muzrai department, waiting in the long queue for darshans at prominent temples will be a cool affair for devotees. Muzrai department tahsildar S N Yathiraj Sampath Kumar says the department has decided to provide air conditioning facility to temples which generate more than Rs 25 lakh revenue per annum.Apart from Jwalamukhi temple, Sri Chamundeshwari temple atop the Chamundi Hills and Sri Mallikarjuna Swamy temple at Mudukthore near Talkad have been identified to install ACs. He said they are awaiting permission from the state archaeology department to implement the plan at Sri Chamundeshwari temple and Sri Mallikarjuna Swamy temple.\"As soon as we get reply from the department, we will immediately install ACs in these two temples,\" he said. The archeology department has directed not to install ACs at Srikanteshwara temple as it will damage the walls of the historical structure, he said. However, 12 ceiling fans have been provided at the temple two months ago by the Muzrai department.The initiative is to ensure better facility for tourists and senior citizens. The cost to install one AC is Rs 20,000 and the maintenance and service will be monitored by the department, he added. For the first time in Mysore district, the department has installed four air conditioners in the five-centuryold Sri Jwalamukhi Tripura Sundari Amma Temple at Utthanahalli at the foothills of the Chamundi Hills.The department installed ACs two months ago from the money donated by four devotees in and outside the sanctum of the temple, where thousands of devotees visit on Tuesdays, Fridays and during festival season. For priests and devotees, this facility has become a big relief in the summer. Jayalakshmi, a homemaker, who visits the temple at Utthanahalli once in a week, told TOI that the facility should be provided at temples where a huge number of devotees visit. \"It will be helpful for elders and those suffering from diabetes and hypertension,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12305157", "title": "Narendra Modi may pose challenge to Rahul Gandhi in 2014 national election: Time magazine", "text": "WASHINGTON: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi may pose a challenge to Congress's young scion Rahul Gandhi in India's next parliamentary elections, Time magazine said.Modi, who figured on the cover page of the latest issues of the Asia edition of the prestigious magazine, which hit the stands on Friday could put up a challenge to Gandhi in particular after the recently held Uttar Pradesh assembly elections, where Congress fared poorly.\"With two years left before the next national election in 2014, Congress hopes its young scion, Sonia's son Rahul, will refresh the party, but a resounding loss in a recent state election makes him look vulnerable,\" Time said.\"Modi Means Business. But can he lead India?\" says the headline on the coverage which has a blown up picture of a serious looking bearded Modi who has ruled Gujarat for more than a decade now.\"Modi, 61, is perhaps the only contender with the track record and name recognition to challenge Rahul Gandhi,\" says the cover story by Jyoti Thottam, which includes an interview of Modi.\"Many Indians recoil at any mention of a man whose name is indelibly linked to Gujarat's brutality of 2002; choosing him as India's leader would seem a rejection of the country's tradition of political secularism and a sure path to increased tension with Muslim Pakistan , where he is reviled,\" it says.\"But when others think of someone who can bring India out of the mire of chronic corruption and inefficiency -- of a firm, no-nonsense leader who will set the nation on a course of development that might finally put it on par with China -- they think of Modi,\" Time says.The cover story highlights the achievement of Gujarat under his chief minister ship. \"What's certain is that during his 10 years in power in Gujarat, the state has become India's most industrialised and business-friendly territory, having largely escaped the land conflicts and petty corruption that often paralyze growth elsewhere in the nation,\" it said.\"Gujarat's USD 85 billion economy may not be the largest in India, but it has prospered without the benefit of natural resources, fertile farmland, a big population center like Mumbai or a lucrative high-tech hub like Bangalore. Gujarat's success, even Modi's detractors acknowledge, is a result of good planning -- exactly what so much of India lacks,\" the magazine said.But Time does point out towards the 2002 riots, the victims of which are yet to get justice. \"In the decade since that carnage, dozens of individual rioters have been convicted, but the state has never had to answer accusations that it failed to halt the violence: no top officials have been held accountable or had conspiracy charges proved against them,\" it said.\"One case naming Modi remains open, a notorious incident in which nearly 200 people were killed while taking shelter in the home of a Muslim politician, Ehsan Jafri, whose desperate calls to government officials for protection were ignored.Modi denies ever hearing from Jafri, who was dismembered and killed. If this case also ends without any charges being brought, the last remaining obstacle between Modi and national office will fall,\" the weekly wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12299495", "title": "Budget 2012: A boost for green education in 330 schools", "text": "PUNE: Nearly 330 schools in Pune district and 9,330 schools in the state that run eco-clubs and implement the National Green Corps will benefit from increased budgetary allocation of Rs 55.56 crore for environmental education. The eco-clubs and the National Green Corps promote environmental education by imparting nonformal education in schools.There are 80 schools that run eco-clubs in Pune district and 280 schools in 18 districts in the state, besides 250 schools that run the corps in Pune district and 9,050 schools in 36 districts in the state. Erach Bharucha, director of Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education and Research (BVIEER), Pune told TOI that it was a good move to prioritize environmental education.\"The corps must have quality. It is not just environment, but education for sustainability. The students take up plantation, rainwater harvesting, bio-gas management, waste management and composting which is action oriented,\" he said. The corps is a ministry of environment and forests programme. The institute is the resource agency and social forestry department is the nodal agency.``We train teachers, support poster and other publications and help in capacity building. The incentive from the budget will help,'' he said. Suresh Thorat, additional director general, social forestry said that at present the fund allocated for national green corps programme was meagre. So the increase in budget allocation for environment education is a good step. The teachers involved should also get incentives, he said. Sanskriti Menon, programme director, Centre for Environment Education (CEE) told TOI that increased allocation on environment education is a welcome move.The students in schools take up environmental issues that are project based. This year, the focus is on biodiversity because of the international convention in Hyderabad this year, she said. Eco club students take up constructive learning approaches with emphasis on field studies, activities related to environmental conservation, hands on experience and awareness. There are several activities based on water, energy, waste, biodiversity, culture and heritage, he said. These eco-clubs are under the state environment department's environmental service scheme. CEE is the state nodal agency.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12298994", "title": "A glamorous start to Nirzar's 3rd International film fest", "text": "NAGPUR: The 3rd international film festival opened Friday evening at Smruti theatre with the screening of Italian film '8 \u00bd'. The seven-day movie extravaganza promises to be a treat for cinema buffs, especially the fans of Bengali films.At the inauguration ceremony, which was held on the theatre premises, the event was declared open by former Miss World Yukta Mookhey Tuli. Describing the event as one that would provide much required entertainment to cinemagoers in city, Yukta said that she was happy that the festival, started in 2009, had done well for itself and was now being held for the third time.Kiran Shantaram, son of veteran filmmaker V Shantaram and the chairman of Asian Film Foundation was also present. He is responsible for starting this event in the city. Happy with the manner in which it has progressed, Shantaram said that it was his illustrious father's vision to hold such festivals, which would bring to the viewers films of various genres from different parts of the world. \"These festivals should be made the most of by the local crowd as they are windows through which we can view the global talent in the sphere of cinema,\" he said.Marathi actor Sachin Pilgaonkar, who was to be felicitated for completing 50 years in the cinema industry, could not be present due to other engagements. He offered his apologies by addressing the audience through a tele call.Besides the screening of the Italian film, an animation film made by Manju Jain, a city-based filmmaker, was also screened on the first day. Titled 'Kavya Ka Karishma', the film focuses on the Bhaktambar chants and how they offer a solution to various problems that a person can face in day to day life. Jain, who was present at the venue said, \"I want the kids to see this film and discover the power of these chants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12303625", "title": "Mobile handset makers welcome Budget 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mobile handset makers on Friday welcomed Budget 2012-13 retaining the excise duty of one per cent on cellular phones .\"The Finance Minister has recognised mobile phones as merit goods. There is no increase in duty but the prices (of mobile handsets) will remain the same. The benefit to consumer will be that prices will not go up,\" Indian Cellular Association National President Pankaj Mohindroo told PTI.Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee announced to retain excise duty of one per cent on mobile phone, along with three other product categories which include coal, fertilisers and precious metal (gold and platinum) jewellery.Retaining the excise duty to same levels will support government's service delivery initiatives, Director (Sales) of Nokia India, V Ramnath, said. However, he could not ascertain the impact that the budget announcement will have on handset prices. \"At this moment, it is too early to evaluate impact on prices,\" Ramnath said.Though Samsung did not comment on the impact of the budget announcements on handset prices, its spokesperson said, \"The budget has not offered any relief to the sector which is already reeling under high taxes. We do not expect positive impact on the consumer buying sentiment.\"The Finance Minister also announced to reduce excise duty on parts of mobile phones, other than those cleared to a manufacturer of mobile phones, from 10 per cent to 2 per cent only in cases where the no central VAT credit is taken by manufacturer.The government has also announced to exempt parts of memory cards from basic customs, countervailing and special addition duty (SAD), the benefit which given to parts, components and accessories for manufacturing of mobile handsets.\"Exemption of mobile phone parts from basic custom duties which while bringing down the manufacturing cost of mobile phones will aid in deeper penetration of mobile phone manufacturers into the untapped portions of the Indian market,\" Karbonn Mobiles Managing Director Pradeep Jain said.Lava Mobile said that government's announcement to allow deduction of 200 per cent tax liability on expenditure made in research and development will boost growth of home-grown handset companies and generation of Indian Intellectual Property Rights.\"Government has provided benefits for companies like us to invest on a core of R&D; because for manufacturing and R&D; services there is an increase in deduction of income tax from 150 per cent to 200 per cent,\" Co-Founder and Director, Lava International SN Rai said.Rai added that on implementation of GST, the company may also decide on setting up of manufacturing base in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325958", "title": "I'm honoured touring India, says David Guetta", "text": "His brand of House music is a definitive party anthem and his mass popular following a testament to the fact that he is the undisputed No. 1 DJ in the world - he is David Guetta . We caught up with the French DJ-producer, minutes before he brought the house down with his gig in Delhi.Your first trip to India and your first performance - what was going through your mind when you landed in Delhi?I was and I still am so amazed, with the people, the culture, the roads, the infrastructure, everything. In fact, I'm sure, the cabbie who took me to my hotel would have been thinking that I'm a crazy guy, because I asked him so many questions - but I can't help it, everything here is so intriguing. How you people live, your religion and your habits, I really don't know much, and that's the reason I'm so curious about India. I've travelled so much in my life, but to go to a country and not know what to expect at all is a very new feeling. I've no idea what to expect on stage tonight. I don't know how big electronic music is in India.Are you surprised to see your huge fan following in India?Honestly, I'm very much surprised. I met people who knew my songs and I was very happy to know that. You know what we hear is that you guys are all about Bollywood and Hindi film music; I didn't know that there was space for an artist like me. I am very happy that I'm finally touring India, in fact I'm honoured.Anything special that you have in mind for your Indian fans?I'm a DJ, so my main focus is on my interaction with people through music, and then I adapt accordingly. My mission is to make people go crazy, and I would follow that here too. I'll do my best to make them crazy.You've collaborated with music royalty across genres. What's in store for future now?I have my new record coming up soon. My latest single is with Nicki Minaj. To be honest, in 2012, instead of collaborations, I'm hoping to discover a new artiste that no one knows.Could that artist be Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra , who you met at the Grammies?I wouldn't like to comment on any collaborations as of now.But you did meet her. How was the meeting?Yes, I met her at the Grammies, she was with a friend of mine. She is so beautiful. I've heard she is a huge star here. It was lovely meeting her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12301198", "title": "Bokaro Steel Limited foresees growth", "text": "BOKARO: Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL), a unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), found the Budget to be growth oriented. BSL, a dedicated flat carbon steel producer, looks forward to growth in this budget with increase in customs duty for flat carbon steel.SAIL chairman C S Verma said that the \"increase in customs duty for flat carbon steel and reduction in import duty for equipment required in mining and minerals sector are all measures which are positive for steel industry\".He also said that the infrastructure sector has been given due thrust in the budget. Doubling the infrastructure tax-free bond amount to Rs 60,000 crore, the 8,800-km highway coverage target, focus on low-cost housing and reaffirming investment of Rs 50 lakh crore in infrastructure sector in the 12th plan are steps that present a scenario conducive for growth of the steel industry. \"Overall, it is a pragmatic and growth-oriented budget with concrete steps for containing fiscal deficit at a realistic target of 5.1 % for 2012-13, streamlining of direct and indirect tax regime, creating investment-friendly environment and reviving growth in manufacturing. With the measures announced, it is quite conceivable that GDP growth in 2012-13 could be upward of 7.5 %,\" said Verma.Senior BSL officials said that the stress on infrastructure sector put in this budget is encouraging for the steel industry. Within this, the special provision for low-cost housing is of particular relevance to flat carbon steel producers also. Similarly, the increase in the import duty on flat carbon steel will also play a positive role in the growth and bottom line of domestic flat carbon steel production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12305174", "title": "Noida gang-rape case: Trio sent to judicial custody", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The three youths, arrested for allegedly gang-raping a 23-year-old girl in a moving car in Noida, was today remanded in 14-day judicial custody by a local court here.Vinay Sharma, Manish Sharma of Ghaziabad and Noida- resident Deepak Yadav was taken to the Dasna jail after the judicial magistrate passed the order.The trio were arrested yesterday, while the fourth accused, Rahul Yadav, is presently absconding, SSP Raghubir Lal told reporters.The girl was abducted by Vinay on pretext of offering her a ride in Ghaziabad on March 13, and brought to Noida where she was gang-raped in a moving car by the four accused.Later, the four accused dumped her near Hoshiyarpur village in Noida, Sector 51 where she was spotted by locals who took her to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304691", "title": "Work is worship: Zubin Dutt", "text": "Playtime Creations' new show Ruk Jana Nahin has created amongst audiences. The show also has a very young and unique cast which is enhancing the quality quotient.And one person is stealing the limelight slowly but steadily is actor Zubin Dutt who is playing the role of Prabal Pratap Yadav. Zubin who has previously worked in shows like Keshav Pandit and Maayke Se Bandhi Dor is extremely happy to be a part of this show. \"When this role first came to me, the brief which the creative team gave me was very interesting,\" says Zubin adding, \"\"Prabal Pratap is the 27-year-old leader of a University Student Council and hails from a rich political family. He is a smooth talker. For me work is worship and I have tried my best to get into the role. I have even put on few kilos and also cut my hair to get the right look for the character. My character has that cunning look that a cold-blooded murderer usually has.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12308507", "title": "Rehab problem for kids, helpline cases on rise", "text": "RANCHI: The number of cases coming to child helpline has been increasing every year and the problem of rehabilitation of children has become grave with the time.At the advisory board meeting of Childline with district commissioner K K Soan on Saturday, it was decided that space will be provided for such children at the child labour rehabilitation centre which is at present under construction near ITI at Hehal.It was also decided at the meeting that assistance booth for children should be installed at Ranchi railway station like one in Vijayawada railway station in Andhra Pradesh. Soan said, \"I have spoken with the Vijayawada administration about the details and system followed for the functioning of assistance booth for lost children at railway station and will follow the same pattern here once they send the details to us.\"Another demand of the Childline members was to display the helpline number on telephone bills and provide space on hoardings for Childline which the DC approved.\"Space will be provided for hoarding and the Childline number will be included in government advertisement hoardings also,\" said Soan. For the inclusion of number in telephone bills, Soan advised the members to visit the BSNL chief general manager.Childline also demanded counselling sessions of needy children by RINPAS doctors and it was decided that the children will not be taken to RINPAS as it will affect child psychology so the experts will visit Childline for counselling sessions.Other issues discussed and finalized at the meeting were that the child would be treated as police case for treatment when any case of a lost or trafficked child is directly received from police, GRP or RPF. Also, it was decided that the Childline number will now be displayed at police stations along with 100 dial.In a comparative study of previous years, it was discovered that the number of cases coming to Childline has increased over years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12299577", "title": "Cong to elect CLP leader, discuss new GPCC president", "text": "PANAJI: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) will depute a central observer to elect the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) leader in Goa and hold discussions to decide the new president for its state unit.\"The central observer along with Goa desk in-charge J S Brar and Sudhakar Reddy will hold a meeting to elect the CLP leader and to discuss the new state unit president,\" said party sources.South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha may continue as GPCC working president for the interim period.Party sources say that the Congress will not contest the election to the speaker's post on March 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12301052", "title": "Experts hail higher allocation to farm sector", "text": "RANCHI: Agriculture experts have hailed the Budget in light of the fact that allocation for the farm sector has been enhanced by around 18%. Incentives have been announced for research work in the field of agriculture and target for agriculture credit has been raised to Rs 5,75,000 crore.Expressing happiness over the proposals in agriculture field, vice-chancellor of Birsa Agriculture University M P Pandey, who is also heading the research wing, said Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojna (RKVY) aimed at improving agriculture infrastructure and more money to this scheme would ensure better agriculture throughout the country.\"Increasing target of agriculture credit by Rs1 lakh crore will undoubtedly help the farmers invest little more and earn better profit in due course of time,\" Pandey said adding that soil has become poor and because of climatic changes agriculture production was suffering necessitating newer research to sustain productivity. \"We feel that the allocation in the research and development sector is still meager and the government should pay more attention to this aspect,\" he said. He, however, appreciated the proposal of the government to earmark Rs 200 crore to give incentive to agriculture research with cash awards to the scientists.Agromet advisor at the university A Wadood also appreciated the budget proposal saying that eastern India was awaiting fresh green revolution because most of the other states had reached optimum production level. \"At present, Jharkhand and some of the eastern states have productivity of 1.1 tone per hectare whereas it could be enhanced to 2.2 tones per hectare. \"Jharkhand has been a rain-fed state where success of agriculture depends mainly on monsoon and unless irrigation and other infrastructure are improved we cannot expect sustained crop yield,\" he said.Wadood said as against usual increase of 2-3% in the budget allocation for farming sector, this year the government has proposed 18% hike which is likely to translate into better crop production. On the plan of government to convert Kisan Credit Cards to smart cards that could be used in the ATMs, Wadood said such schemes should be propagated among the farmers. \"Though the step is welcome but we need to educate the farmers about the schemes that the government proposes for them because most of the time these schemes fail to reach the farmers and money remains underutilized,\" he said.Santosh Kumar Singh, a farmer from Kerigarh village of Patratu block in Ramgarh district who was recently awarded for obtaining record harvest of paddy, however, sounded cynical about the big promises. \"Till date, we have to cough up Rs 1,000- Rs 1,500 to get a Kisan card issued by the block office and we strongly doubt that the benefits of increased budget allocation would reach to us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12305014", "title": "Mamata firm on replacing Dinesh Trivedi, says Mukul Roy will be next railway minister", "text": "KOLKATA: Firm on the removal of railway minister Dinesh Trivedi, Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Saturday asserted that it was time for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to act on her plea to replace Trivedi with another party nominee Mukul Roy.\"I have already said whatever I have had to say. Now the government has to decide. Mukul Roy will be our candidate for the railway minister,\" Mamata said during the filing of nominations for Rajya Sabha elections by Roy, the Union minister of state for Shipping, and three others.Mamata, the West Bengal chief minister, had spoken to the Prime Minister on Thursday and is believed to have been assured on replacement of Trivedi.Banerjee's comment came shortly after Trinamool Congress chief whip in Lok Sabha Kalyan Banerjee telephoned Trivedi in the morning and asked him to quit, but the railway minister insisted on a letter from the party chairperson Mamata.Asked to comment on Trivedi's stand and Kalyan Banerjee's telephone call to him, Banerjee declined to comment saying \"ask Kalyan Banerjee who is the party chief whip in Lok Sabha.\"She described Roy, who filed nomination for a second term in the Rajya Sabha from the state, as a 'loyal soldier' of the party.\"He has been a loyal soldier of the party. He has served Rajya Sabha for six years. We have renominated him. He is our party's all-India general secretary,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12299214", "title": "Mamata unhappy with Budget, but no fresh faceoff", "text": "KOLKATA: The Union Budget was frugal in its plans for Bengal and did not show the state a way out of its debt trap, but chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday opted for a firm nudge to the UPA government rather than another ballistic protest.With the railway budget fireworks keeping Parliament and the strained ties between the Congress and the Trinamool Congress on a simmer, Mamata chose not to take her rebellion beyond the standoff with the government on passenger fare hikes and her demand for the dismissal of railway minister Dinesh Trivedi.But the Trinamool Congress responded to the denial of a financial bailout by announcing four candidates for the state Rajya Sabha elections on March 30, leaving no room for the Congress. Bengal has five vacancies in the Upper House. The fifth will go to a Left Front candidate. The party also said it will ask its MPs to raise four issues of \"public interest\" in the House - the cut in EPF rates, the proposed cash subsidy transfer for LPG and kerosene in the Budget, funds for the food security bill and a bailout package for Bengal.Since coming to power last May, the chief minister has sought a bailout from the UPA government to overcome the Rs 2 lakh crore debt burden she has inherited from the Left regime. Though she was upset with the Centre's silence on the rescheduling of debts, the Trinamool Congress appeared to be adopting a blow-hot-blow-cold strategy. So, even as Mamata instructed party MPs to take up the \"public interest\" issues in the House, Trinamool leader and state industries minister Partha Chattopadhyay said the Budget was \"within tolerable limits\".He explained, \"We have our fears on four issues of public interest, but the Budget as a whole is within tolerable limits. We are unhappy with the interest cut in the EPF rates that will affect the common man and also uncertain about the proposed cash subsidy transfer for LPG and kerosene. We expressed our fears during discussions in the Union Cabinet. Those fears remain. The government has to come clean on the mechanism of cash transfer. Otherwise, there is a fear that the government might leave the price to market forces, thus pushing up the LPG prices beyond limits. There is also no budgetary allocation to fund the proposed food security bill. Above all, the Centre didn't consider our long-standing demand for rescheduling of the debt that the new Bengal government inherited from the Left Front regime.\"But the Trinamool Congress didn't step up the ante against the UPA beyond this, though the Bengal got nothing special from the Budget other than the proposed Rs 50 crore water treatment plant in Kolkata, and Rs 439 crore for funding the flood management programme at Kandi in Murshidabad, a Congress-dominated district.However, there are areas where Bengal can get a larger share if the state government submits plans in time. The Backward Region Grants Fund (BRGF) is a case in point. The allocation has been increased from Rs 8,000 crore to Rs 12,040 crore for Bengal, Bihar and Orissa. The BRGF is a scheme where the state government and local bodies like panchayats and municipalities have the liberty to plan and implement projects unlike other purpose-specific central assistance projects, a Union finance ministry official said.The fund is meant for 11 backward districts in Bengal - Bankura, Birbhum, Purulia, East Midnapore, West Midnapore, South 24-Parganas, Mushidabad, Malda, South Dinajpur, North Dinajpur and Jalpaiguri. State finance minister Amit Mitra pointed out the state was allotted Rs 8,720 crore as BRGF funds. Bihar received exactly the same amount in 2005-2006 when the fund was created.But Trinamool leaders said the increased allocation was no compensation for the debt rescheduling Mamata has been asking for. Mitra also put across this view during his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee.\"An interest deferment for five months will help the state save Rs 9,000 crore, almost equal to the amount the Centre had promised to Mamata as grant-in-aid (Rs 9,240 crore). The ma-mati-manush government thus wants the Centre to grant some relief to the cash-strapped state government by way of a moratorium on the accumulated debt for which Mamata is not to blame,\" Mitra recently said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12299588", "title": "Little ones graduation day", "text": "LUDHIANA: For the children of 2011-2012 session at Firsteps School, it was time to celebrate graduation day on Friday. The certificates were given class-wise and parents of each class were called at separate timings. The teacher said a line on two about her joyful experience with each child throughout the year and the child was given the certificate by the principal, Poonam Mahajan. It was a memorable moment for the parents to see their children chassed in graduation gowns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12298879", "title": "Budget 2012: Are you better or worse off now? here\u2019s the bottomline", "text": "* The hike in IT exemption limit from Rs 1.8 lakh to Rs 2 lakh saves men Rs 2,060 in annual taxes, but women gain only Rs 1,030 since they had a higher limit of Rs 1.9 lakh. Senior citizens gain nothing since they were even now not paying tax below Rs 2.5 lakh a year. The shift in slabs with 30% kicking in at Rs 10 lakh, not Rs 8 lakh, means those between these two limits save anything from Rs 2,060 to Rs 22,660 per annum (or Rs 1,030 to 21,630 for women), while those with annual incomes above Rs 10 lakh save Rs 22,660 (or Rs 21,630), irrespective of their income. For senior citizens, savings are at best Rs 20,600.* While the maximum exemption limit remains at Rs 5 lakh (for those aged above 80), it is theoretically possible to have an income of Rs 7.85 lakh and not pay any tax. Here's how: A very senior citizen (defined as someone aged over 80) who takes a home loan with an interest of Rs 1.5 lakh per annum, invests Rs 1 lakh under section 80C, pays a premium of Rs 20,000 on medical insurance and claims deduction of Rs 15,000 for medical expenses can achieve this feat. For those aged between 60 and 80, the corresponding figure would be Rs 5.35 lakh and for those below 60 it would be Rs 4.85 lakh.* Tax exemption on savings account interest income up to Rs 10,000 means if you are in the 30% tax bracket it makes more sense to keep amounts up to Rs 1.4 lakh in an SB a/c that gives 7% interest rather than putting it in a fixed deposit, where the income would be taxed. Since FD rates are at best about 9% now, that would be equivalent to a post-tax return of about 6.3% for those in the highest tax bracket. For those with salary incomes up to Rs 5 lakh and interest income below Rs 10,000, this change also means they need not file tax returns if they have no other income.* If you're purchasing a property (other than agricultural land) worth Rs 50 lakh in urban areas or Rs 20 lakh in rural areas, be prepared to have 1% of the registered sale value deducted at source as tax.* If you were planning to buy a large car, think again. Excise duties on them are up from 22% to 24% in some cases and from 24% to 27% in others. So, you'll end up paying an additional sum of Rs 12,000 or more. If your dream vehicle was an imported SUV worth in excess of $40,000, the extra bill is even steeper with import duties up from 60% to 75%. On an S-class Merc, it could mean an extra Rs 3 lakh or more.* Luxury, in general, got even more expensive with customs and excise duties as well as service tax up on virtually everything from gold to air travel to eating out and hotels. Mobile bills too will rise due to increased service tax.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12301115", "title": "Why some black out after drinking", "text": "WASHINGTON: Do you often experience a blackout after a night of heavy partying? Then, it could be that your brain has been wired differently , scientists say.Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania in the US found differences in brain activities among individuals prone to alcohol-induced fragmentary blackouts compared with people who don't experience such conditions.They found that the two \"party types\" did not differ in performance on a memory task while sober, but did exhibit different brain-response patterns after alcohol intoxication . \"It could be that their brains are just wired differently . Or it could be underlying things going on, like differences in dopamine levels,\" study author Reagan Wetherill said.\"Some people are made differently and are able to handle things such as alcohol and others just aren't .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12308021", "title": "Compendium on development research released", "text": "PATNA: Bihar needs to do much in the area of research. Very few good Ph.D theses are coming from the state, said Alakh N Sharma, director of Institute for Human Development (IHD), at a function held here on Saturday to release a compendium on 'Development Research on Bihar, 2000-10', a collection of summaries of published and unpublished research papers and PhD theses on areas related to overall economic and social development in the state during the last decade.Sharma identified industrialization, urbanization, labour markets and employment, public finance and the role of civil society and NGOs as the areas which needed greater attention for research.Of the 268 entries received for the compendium, only 30 were from Bihar. \"It may be because of institutional weaknesses and lack of proper environment for research, which require infrastructure and training,\" he said, adding that the IHD and Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI) were working for further research on Bihar.However, human resources development minister P K Shahi, who released the compendium prepared under the aegis of IHD Bihar Research Programme, said the state moved forward after data had been collected for research papers. He, however, admitted that the compendium would be helpful for the state government in formulating policies since the research works covered Bihar's past and future needs.Chairman of Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) S K Thorat, professor J Krishnamurty, Prof. Nawal Kishore Chaudhary of Patna University, principal secretary, planning and development department, Bihar, Vijoy Prakash, principal secretary, finance department Rameshwar Singh and member-secretary of ADRI Shaibal Gupta were prominent among those present at the function.Sharma, Amrita Datta, a faculty at the IHD, and Joyita Ghosh have edited the compendium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299095", "title": "Budget gives power projects a boost", "text": "NAGPUR: With Vidarbha emerging as a hub for power plants, the Budget has left the corporates - with projects in the region - enthused. In a bid to boost independent power producers (IPPs) the finance minister has granted full exemption from basic customs duty while charging a concessional counter veiling duty (CVD) of 1% on coal imports by thermal power plants. The Budget also proposes to extend the sunset clause for power plants to claim full exemption from tax on profits for 10 years, till March 2013, apart from opening the external commercial borrowing route for this sector.The region has around eight private power plants coming up, which include those by local companies as well as bigger players like Adani Group, Dhariwal, India Bulls, Lanco and GMR0.However, at the same time trade in coal will invite tax collected at source. Due to the presence of coal mines the region has several firms engaged in coal trade business in the form of market intermediatories.Padmesh Gupta, the chairman of city-based Gupta Corporation, which is coming up with a power plant in Warora, says the tax sop may help in easing the costs. The company which is also an importer of coal sees the duty cut as a favourable move to boost its mining business abroad. However, the benefits will also be offset to a certain extent due to increase in railway freight for coal he said. Gupta said that average cost of imported coal comes to Rs 6,500 a tone, but the cut in duty will lead to a saving of around Rs 300 to 350 a tone, he said. The freights for coal were hiked through a notification issued before the BudgetAnother Nagpur-based company, Abhijeet Power is coming up with a power plant in Jharkhand , however, those in this company are not much encouraged by the sop. A senior official in the company, said the duty cut will hardly have any impact on the plants in the interior, which will now have to pay higher railway freight and service tax. Gujarat-based Adani Group which is building a power plant at Tiroda in Gondia district as well as neighbouring Chindwarah district of Madhya Pradesh has welcomed the move on duty cut.Another proposal which may have an impact on the region's industries is an exemption in basic customs duty for aircraft spares imported for maintenance purposes. Aircraft maker Boeing is already coming up with a maintenance repair and overhaul (MRO) depot in the city with a few more in the pipeline.However, the hike in central excise and service tax has irked the industry. The Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), has termed the budget to be inflationary. VIA's president Praful Doshi says that the Budget will only hit the industrial growth. Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300310", "title": "City cops nab 2 for contractor murder", "text": "PATNA: Two criminals were arrested by Patna police on Friday in connection with the murder of a contractor, Basant Singh, at the office of CPWD at Punaichak under the Shashtrinagar police station on October 14, 2011 . Police also seized two revolvers besides ammunition from the possession of the arrested criminals, Patna City SP Kim said.Armed criminals had gunned down Singh in the office of CPWD at Punaichak on October 14, 2011. The killing had rocked the city.Kim said the arrested criminals had been identified as Durgesh Sharma and Shivshankar Sharma. She said that both of them were arrested from Raja Bazaar locality.Fire: Property worth thousands of rupees were gutted after a fire broke out in 35 huts at Adalatganj under Kotwali police station on Friday. A goat and a calf were roasted alive in the fire.The fire first broke out in a hut where the inmates were preparing noodles. The flames soon spread to neighbouring huts and it engulfed 35 huts, which were reduced to ashes. On getting information, eight fire tenders reached the spot and doused the flames.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12299420", "title": "Couple found dead in Surat", "text": "SURAT: A nude body of a girl wearing only earrings and sandals was found on Wednesday near Bajipura village of Valod taluka in Tapi district. The girl has been identified as 18-year-old Ridhhi Prajapati.Her family told police on Thursday that she was a first year BCom student in K P Commerce College at Athwalines in Surat. She had left for college on Tuesday morning but did not return home and her mobile phone was switched off since afternoon.Ridhhi was engaged to Atul Vadiya, 28, a computer repair shop owner, for the past two years. On Tuesday, a suicide was reported at Nanpura where Atul ended his life by hanging.Atul's death is being investigated by Athwa police station and that of Ridhhi by Valod taluka police of Tapi district.\"We are waiting for phone call details of the victims. Preliminary examination by doctors has revealed that Ridhhi was not raped, but it will only be confirmed after the final report,\" said D G Kanthariya, circle inspector, Vyara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12307056", "title": "Musical gala on Bihar Diwas", "text": "PATNA: A treat is in store for music lovers of the city as some of the most sought-after classical, Sufi and Bollywood singers and instrumentalists would be performing at Gandhi Maidan and SK Memorial Hall during the three-day Bihar Diwas centenary celebration starting from March 22.At Gandhi Maidan, Bihar Diwas function would be inaugurated by CM Nitish Kumar at 5pm on March 22. The cultural event on Day 1 would begin with a dance performance by 100 students of the city, which would be choreographed by Harshal and Vitthal, the choreographer duo from Mumbai, along with a team of 14 other choreographers. After this, music enthusiasts would enjoy a breathtaking performance of Bollywood singers Udit Narayan and Richa Sharma.On the second day, Bollywood singers Ravindra Upadhyay and Babul Supriyo along with Sufi singers Murtaza Khan and Rabbani Khan are scheduled to captivate the audience with their scintillating performances.On the concluding day on March 24, Kailash Kher and Sumedha Karmahe (of Sare Gama Pa challenge 2007 fame) would gift Patnaites a memorable evening with their enchanting performances.On the inaugural day of the Bihar Diwas celebrations at SK Memorial Hall, Padma Vibhushan Pandit Jasraj, an Indian classical vocalist who belongs to Mewati gharana of Hindustani classical music, would enthrall the audience with his two-and-a-half hour performance.A 'Tiranga' presentation featuring the performance of Padma Vibhushan Pandit Jasraj, and one of the most sought-after flautists of the country Padma Vibhushan Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia would mesmerize the audience on the second day.Besides, an Indian mandolin player, Padma Shri U Shrinivas, noted tabla player Pandit Ramkumar Mishra and Rattan Mohan Sharma, a vocalist who is an expert in all forms of classical music like khayal, tarana, dhrupad, Haveli sangeet, tappa and also in light classical forms and folk music would be performing here.Mridangam player Sridhar Parthasarthy, leading tabla exponent Shubhankar Banerjee and singer of 'Aaoge jab tum o sajna' fame Padma Shri Ustad Rashid Khan, a classical vocalist who belongs to Rampur-Sahaswan gharana, would also enthrall the audience on the second day.The second day's programme would be presented by Durga Jasraj, a TV presenter and daughter of Pandit Jasraj, while prominent Bollywood lyricist, poet and scriptwriter Javed Akhtar would entertain the audience with his beautiful poems.The celebration at SK Memorial Hall would conclude with the performance of Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan, an eminent classical vocalist, and Sarod maestro Ustad Amjad Ali Khan, who would be accompanied with Mithilesh Jha and Anubrata Chaterjee on tabla.Besides, the state government has invited Bollywood stars including Shatrughan Sinha, Sonakshi Sinha, Shekhar Suman, Prakash Jha, Neetu Chandra, Manoj Bajpai, Hema Malini and Amitabh Bachchan. Out of this list, the government is yet to receive confirmation from Amitabh, Hema and Sonakshi.The first day's programme at the SK Memorial Hall would start at 8pm while on the next two days it would start at 7pm. \"There would open entry on first come first serve basis. But this year we are also planning to issue VIP passes so as to ensure that VIPs get seats at the auditorium,\" Yashwant Parashar, coordinator of cultural programme of Bihar Diwas, told TOI.At Gandhi Maidan, the cultural programme would start every day from 5pm, and there would be three-layered seating arrangement-VVIPs, VIPs and general public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12306984", "title": "Goa Congress chief quits", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Congress chief Subhash Shirodkar today resigned owning the responsibility of party's defeat in the recently held Legislative Assembly election.Shirodkar handed his resignation to party president Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi. He and former chief minister Digambar Kamat were in Delhi to submit report on the party's performance in Goa.Shirodkar had said two days ago that he would be stepping down, taking the responsibility for the drubbing which the ruling Congress got in Goa.Sources said that Gandhi asked Shirodkar to remain as a caretaker GPCC chief till the new leader was appointed.Congress could win only 9 seats out of 40 in Goa, while BJP secured a clear majority.Congress high command has sent its emissaries to Goa today to take a stock of the situation and oversee the process of electing new leader of opposition this evening.All India Congress Committee's General Secretary Jagmit Singh Brar and union minister Mukul Vasnik are in Panaji.\"We will hear the views of all the MLAs before deciding on the leader of opposition,\" Brar said, adding that if MLAs wanted the decision to be taken by Sonia Gandhi, then the matter will be referred to Delhi.Senior Congress leader Pratapsingh Rane and Digambar Kamat are front-runners for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12300452", "title": "Service tax: Industry deplores hike", "text": "MADURAI: The Union budget 2012 - 2013 evoked mixed response from the trade community in Madurai.While the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNCCI) welcomed several aspects of the budget, the Madurai District Tiny and Small Scale Industries Association (MADITSSIA) termed it as a disappointing one.\"Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has managed to present a responsive budget addressing the cross-sectional concerns of the tax payers, industry and the farmers,\" said TNCCI senior president S Rethinavelu. \"The announcement that Goods and Services Tax Network (GSTN) will become operational by August 2012 is a welcome one. The highly proactive tax system which would subsume Central Excise, Service Tax and state-level value added tax would provide the tax set-off benefit to trade and industry even for the inter-state sales. As of now, traders cannot set-off service tax paid by them in the value added tax payable by them,\" he said.However, TNCCI felt that there was no justification in raising the service tax rate and standard rate of excise duty from 10% to 12% at this stage as it will further burden the domestic industries and service providers and increase the cost of products and services and escalate the inflationary trend. The proposal to tax all services, except those in the negative list would lead to confusion and lead to unnecessary litigations and put entrepreneurs at the mercy of the tax officials. However, the proposal to introduce advance ruling system in Central excise levy and service tax will considerably reduce litigations.\"Yet another laudable feature of the budget is the slew of measures proposed to detect unaccounted money and the decision to table white paper on unaccounted money in current session of parliament,\" TNCCI president N Jegatheesan said. He also noted the proposal in the budget to bring down the excise duty rate from 10% to 6% for semi-mechanized safety match units which was based on the specific request made by TNCCI.Meanwhile, MADITSSIA said the Union budget has not revealed any concession for medium and small-scale enterprises (MSME). MADITSSIA was also sore over the increase of excise duty and service tax from 10% to 12 % which it termed as a big blow to the MSME sector. \"This will lead to price rise of all goods affecting ordinary and middle class people,\" said V S Manimaran, the association president.\"Though the Union finance minister had stated that MSME sector is the backbone of our economy and contributes to 40% of total production of India, the request made by association for interest subvention is not heeded to, which is disappointing,\" he said.He said that the finance minister also failed to exempt exercise duty for semi-mechanized matches, reducing the duty by 4% despite request from the industry. However, MADITSSIA welcomed the 3% interest subvention for self-help group women for prompt payment and an additional 3% interest subvention for farmers.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303561", "title": "Today's Innovation for Tomorrow's Development", "text": "After winning the India final, IIT Delhi gears up to compete internationally in the Henkel Innovation ChallengeNEW DELHI: The much-awaited Indian final of the fifth annual Henkel Innovation Challenge, which saw 72 teams participating across the nation to cultivate innovative ideas, was announced. Of the eight teams that were shortlisted, IIT Delhi won the India final and will now compete in the grand international finale on April 25 in Poland, the home country of the last year's winners.Students from every field were invited to participate in the Henkel Innovation Challenge. The objective of the challenge was to come up with a technological product under the Henkel brand which will cater to the needs of the people in 2030. This year the product ideas and technologies will contribute to sustainable development, such as reducing energy or water consumption.The innovative idea by Innovatus Maximus, the winning team led by Karan Kamath and Jaireet Johal of IIT Delhi, adhered to the adhesives portfolio of Henkel. The team put forward the possibility of adopting particular specie of bacterium as an adhesive. Owing to its ability to withstand a force equivalent to five tons per square inch, this adhesive will be strong enough to be employed for industrial usage and even for reinforcing links in humidity-rich areas.The team is now preparing for the big final in Poland where the winners will receive an all round the world ticket and price money of 1000 Euros. \"The intensive journey full of evaluations and our constant efforts at fine-tuning our presentations to the best of our abilities has paid off. We were able to solely concentrate on our work as the travel and logistics were efficiently taken care of without a glitch,\" said Kamath.During the competition, the teams were under the purview of the experts at Henkel who doubled up as mentors and polished their presentations. \"The mentorship program enabled us to get valuable suggestions and opinions on our work which ultimately helped us to submit a competent entry,\" added Kamath.\"Henkel has always been on the forefront of innovation and we are appeased at the optimism and zeal towards innovativeness among Indian students,\" commented Jeremy Hunter, president, Henkel India.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303860", "title": "Mithun, Bappi jodi is back again", "text": "He crooned \"I am a Disco dancer\" and he danced his way into the hearts of teeming millions. That was the jadoo of Bappi Lahiri and Mithun Chakraborty in the '80s. The hit jodi is back, courtesy Jeet Gannguli for Raja Chanda's \" Ley Halua Ley\".Composed by Jeet, the lyrics for the title track, which go like \"Jor lagake dhoom dharaka/Legechhe premer jhatka/Ley halua ley halua\", have been penned by the filmmaker himself.Jeet says, \"I felt this song was tailor-made for Bappida. Even Shrikantda (Mohta) from the production house was excited about having him on board. Bappida and I have met earlier and I called him up about the project. He agreed to sing this foot-tapping comedy number picturized on Mithun and Payel.\"Mithun had already canned the shots for the song which was then sung by Jeet himself. \"Bappida could not record it then. Uni takhon baire chhilen. I called him up on Wednesday to ask if he could record the song on Thursday. He came to the studio, heard it twice over cups of coffee and went for the final take. He followed my voice to the T while dubbing for it. That's professionalism,\" Jeet gushes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300354", "title": "Tons to smile about", "text": "By late evening, traffic on roads in the city's downtown area seem to have magically vanished.People huddled around TVs in homes, clubs and offices. It was budget day, but India was counting long after the finance minister had said his piece.An old campaigner with a new hairstyle was hogging the small screen, ploughing his way from 90 to 94 to 95, 96, 97, 98, 99 and then that magical number that gave Sachin Tendulkar 100 hundreds in international cricket. India's IT capital erupted in a wild wave of cheers that were reflected instantly on social networking sites.After an afternoon of debate and discussion, triggered by Pranab Mukerjee's budget of little reform and some disturbing raises that left Young India fuming, the 38-year-old's 51st One-Day century against Bangladesh in an Asia Cup league match in Bangladesh, turned midday drudgery into a spring evening of delight.As a media professional gushed on Facebook: 'Mr Finance Minister, the only figure we now care about is 100!' Karishma Chandani, one of Bangalore's queens of the home-baking business, said her celebratory choice for Tendulkar would be a dressy cake with an orange Lindt flavour. Take a bite, everyone. As friends and colleagues planned weekend parties and outings to mark the long-awaited innings, social networking sites were buzzing minutes after the achievement. Everton footballer Phil Neville tweeted, \"Sachin Tendulkar legend\".Bollywood actress Bipasha Basu stopped shooting to follow the match. She said, \"Saluting The Great Tendulkar. Jubiliant and Ecstatic\". There were some cheeky messages too. Atishay Abbhi, wrote, \"Now you know why we helped create Bangladesh.\" Madhukar Gowda, an HR professional in the city's IT corridor, said all his 300-plus colleagues watched as the iconic Mumbaikar inched towards the historic mark, compared to the 100-odd present for the budget speech earlier in the day.\"Still,\" he added a little wistfully, \"I wish this hundred came against Australia or England. We've waited a long time for the 100th hundred, more than a year, so the overriding emotion now is relief. It has finally happened.\"Ikyatha Yerasala, a media professional between jobs and a selfconfessed Tendulkar fan, watched her hero arrive at the record figure at home with her mother. \"I expected it would happen today,\" she said, \"I think we should enjoy the moment rather than say, it happened against Bangladesh. It's amazing how one man can make millions across the country forget about their work and life for a bit and sit glued to their TV sets and wait fervently for him to make history.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300641", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee refuses to hang up on Vodafone case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday went back 50 years to ensure that it taxes transactions such as the one involving Vodafone and Hutch as part of a plan to generate Rs 40,000 crore from M&A; deals involving foreign players with interests in Indian companies.Apart from Vodafone, the move is set to impact several others including the Tatas and the AV Birla group which had bought AT&T;'s stake in what is now called Idea. Similarly, SAB Miller's acquisition of Foster and Vedanta's deal to buy a 51% stake in Sesa Goa from Mitsui faced similar tax demands.The Finance Bill introduced by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has proposed to amend the law with effect from April 1962 to ensure that the government can levy capital gains on the shares in a company that derives value from its operations in the country.The Supreme Court while quashing the $2 billion tax demand on Vodafone had observed that Indian authorities did not have jurisdiction to tax the transaction between Hutch and Vodafone as the companies were registered overseas and it was done \"offshore\". But the Finance Bill has proposed that presence in any form will make a company liable to payment of tax.Not surprisingly, the move drew strong reactions, although Vodafone appeared restrained in its comments. \"We are examining this proposed decision with our lawyers, but we do not believe this retrospective change in tax law should have any impact on the final judgment handed down by the Supreme Court in our tax case... We continue to have faith in the Indian judicial system,\" a company spokesperson said in London.Tax experts, however, said such amendments have been going on for years, and they were waiting to see how the Supreme Court views it. \"Vodafone got the order after a long litigation. If the government is not going to respect a court pronouncement, then why litigate? The government does not give any advance ruling. Then it gives its interpretation of the law. How do you deal with the situation,\" said KPMG partner Dinesh Kanabar.Besides, analysts said the move will adversely impact foreign investment. \"The government has sought to amend the income tax law retrospectively to bring into the tax net Vodafone-Hutchison type of transactions. This is with a view to override the recent Supreme Court decision. Such a move by the government is likely to create a lot of uncertainty for the global investor who is looking at investing into,\" said Sandeep Ladda, executive director (tax &amp; regulatory services) at consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers India.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12301271", "title": "Budget 2012: No big bang, but this is as good as it gets", "text": "With the global economy still not out the woods and the Indian economy showing distinct signs of moderation, Budget 2012 was closely watched as many feared that the government may take drastic measures to increase tax revenues. The government had already overshot the fiscal deficit target of 4.6% and the divestment programme has been a complete debacle.The finance minister assuaged those worries by presenting a reasonable , equitable and balanced Budget. Given the difficult circumstances , it was encouraging to see that the government offered some relief to individual taxpayers and desisted from increasing corporate taxes. These measures will provide a boost to domestic demand as it puts more disposable income in the hands of the consumer. Further , the decision to increase service tax to 12% is not unreasonable, given that service tax collections currently accounts for only 10.5% of gross tax revenue.Admittedly, the Budget has no big-bang reforms or a roadmap on increasing foreign direct investment. Understandably, the current political scenario does not allow the FM to rock the boat. Yet, there are sufficient positive measures taken. For instance , in the capital markets, the introduction of the Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme is a small but important step in encouraging larger retail participation in the equity markets. However, the focus of this year's Budget was definitely infrastructure , especially the benefits awarded to the power sector.As regards the housing sector, the major positives were allowing ECBs (external commercial borrowings ) for low-cost , affordable housing projects, enhancing the Rural Housing Fund by Rs 1,000 crore and extending the 1% subvention scheme. Disappointingly, the limit on deduction of interest paid on a housing loan has not been increased from Rs 1.5 lakh.Some key challenges persist. The revised estimates for subsidies in FY12 have increased by 51% over the Budget estimates . This will mandatorily need to be contained if the government is to achieve the fiscal deficit target of 5.1% of the GDP for FY13. The Budget provides no concrete measures on how the government plans to decrease subsidies. Clearly, this will have to be addressed sooner than later.(Deepak Parekh, chairman, HDFC)Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299346", "title": "2G: Growth &amp; global capital", "text": "The budget is pragmatic and grounded in reality. It seeks to address the distortions resulting from an interrupted recovery. Growth in 2011-12 slowed to 6.9%, from 8.4% in each of the preceding two years.The slowdown, combined with high oil prices, continuing global recession, and high domestic interest rates resulted in the fiscal deficit/GDP ratio slipping from the budgeted 4.6% to 5.9%. The budget seeks to restore growth in the current year to 7.6%, even while lowering fiscal deficit to 5.1% of GDP. The key focus areas relate to improving domestic demand, reviving private investment, and easing infrastructure bottlenecks.There are several measures to contain the fiscal deficit. The UID will be used for effective delivery of three major subsidies - oil, fertilizer and food - to guide transfers directly to the beneficiaries. The subsidy bill is targeted to be reduced to 1.7% of GDP by 2015. Major resource mobilization measures have been unveiled, including a disinvestment target of Rs 30,000 crore, doubling of tax-free infrastructure bonds to Rs 60,000 crore and a hike in the rate of service tax from 10 to 12%. The cut in the STT rate is a plus. The Rs 10,000 tax exemption on bank interest income and the Rajiv Gandhi equity scheme will promote savings.The FM has also tried to attract what he rightly terms \"restless global capital\". This is being done through allowing qualified FIIs to invest in corporate bonds and enabling two-way fungibility for GDRs.It provides for higher outlays in key areas. The Plan outlay for agriculture is up 18%. Agriculture credit will be around 20% higher. There are more funds targeted at inclusive development, in areas such as tackling malnourishment, drinking water, sanitation, healthcare and education. The budget also provides for a major recapitalization of public sector banks and lenders. Many more infrastructure sectors will be eligible to draw on viability gap funding.The budget does bypass major reform measures. But the FM has sent positive signals on key reforms, including introduction of the Direct Tax Code, GST, and FDI in retail and aviation.( K M Birla, chairman, Aditya Birla Group)Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/ vadodara", "code": "12299452", "title": "Police nab Godhra carnage convict", "text": "AHMEDABAD/ VADODARA: Bilal Abdullah Badam, convicted in the Sabarmati Express carnage case of 2002, and who had jumped parole in December, was nabbed from Godhra on Thursday night.According to Godhra local crime branch police inspector V KKhant, Bilal was given parole when his mother fell ill and had been released on December 8. He was also granted an extension in parole and was supposed to return to prison on December 26. His brother Shaukat Badam was granted parole for his daughter's marriage and left Vadodara central jail on December 13.It eventually transpired that both did the disappearing act and were not found at home when cops went looking for them. Shaukat was nabbed on February 21 by Ahmedabad police but Bilal was still on the run. Shaukat and Bilal are amongst four Badam brothers who were awarded life term in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12299593", "title": "Development of parks put on hold", "text": "LUDHIANA: The municipal corporations (MC) financial crunch will show on badly maintained public parks and central verges as the civic body has postponed investment on such works for almost next three months. Officials have been directed to pass only very important works during this period. Tenders will not be alloted even for works that were sanctioned in meetings a few months ago.Residents of BRS Nagars J block, who have been asking for parks to be developed in the area, have been left high and dry once again. There are around 17 parks in the area but all are lying in pathetic condition.Meanwhile, MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, There is some shortage of funds with the corporation at this time so we will be doing works according to priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12299483", "title": "Budget na ho aisa", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The industry passing through a lean period must have looked forward to stimulus. But Pranab Mukherjee's budget for 2012-13 has fallen short of the expectations in more than one ways. The industry captains have not appreciated Mukherjee's dose of cruelty in levying additional indirect taxes of Rs 45,940 crore for the coming fiscal especially at a time when the industry was plagued with sluggish demand.It appears that the finance minister has preferred to play safe and while he has attempted to trim the ballooning fiscal deficit, he has steered clear of any harsh measures to reverse the increasing fiscal deficit. Be it Direct Tax Code or GST, he has only pledged the reforms without exactly spelling out time table or the path. The positive side, however, relates to the infrastructure related announcements which indicate that more sectors would now be eligible for viability Gap Funding under the \"Support to PPP in Infrastructure\".The other sectors which are benefited to a varying extent are power, mining, railways, roads and civil aviation. However, when it came to containing the fiscal deficit, the entire brunt of the burden has fallen on indirect taxes viz. service tax and excise. With this background, the industry which was just starting to revive this quarter will find their margins considerably eaten up. A dose of service tax and excise will make everything the common man uses costly .Add on to this a steep hike in petrol and diesel prices await him any day! If the buyer is cashstrapped, how can he expect the markets to boom? Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299027", "title": "Scientists feel sunny with farm research push", "text": "NAGPUR: Though there is no special provision for development of science and technology in the Budget, allocation of Rs 200 crore for incentivising agricultural research has been very well received by the scientific community in general and agricultural scientists in particular in city. The money is expected to be utilized for research in raising farm productivity needed for food security.\"Incentives to scientists in agriculture research was a long pending issue. There was a mention of something similar in last year's budget. It is exciting to learn that the country has finally realized the importance of research in agricultural sciences. It is a good change. Such conscious and planned incentives will go a long way in promoting research in agriculture,\" said director of Central Institute for Cotton Research Keshav Kranthi.Director of National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC) V J Shivankar was also happy about separate outlay for agricultural research. \"It was an expected move. Agriculture is the biggest industry of the country. It would give the required impetus to research. It will also allow the translation of adaptable technologies into practice by farmers. The XII plan has specific stress on agricultural research. This is the first indication in the direction,\" he said.Satish Wate, director of National Environmental Engineering Research Institute ( Neeri), is also delighted with a special provision of Rs 14,000 crore for strengthening drinking water and sanitation in rural India. \"Improving drinking water quality is one of Neeri's mandates. It will help research in the field,\" he said.\"Agriculture plays an important role in climate change. Giving preference to agricultural research is sure to bring new technologies in future. There may be no special provision in this year's budget for science and technology but the XII plan starting this year has enough provision for it. So I am not disappointed. There is a hint for promoting R&D; funding by allowing a 200% weighted deductions for those investing in R&D;,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12298919", "title": "As long as I can run I will officiate: Naresh Aneja", "text": "KOCHI: How can a 61-year-old continue officiating a basketball game which ultimately requires a high degree of physical stamina? When country's first International Commissioner for FIBA, Naresh Aneja, displayed his skills as a referee at the Regional Sports Centre in Kochi one felt that age is just a number. It's a delight to see this man from Delhi doing a thankless job - refereeing - amidst the presence of many youngsters on the opening day of the prestigious Federation Cup Basketball Championship on Wednesday. Aneja officiated day's important game between hosts Kerala and Tamil Nadu and he was judicious enough in completing his assigned task.A national referee in India since 1978, Aneja cleared the international examination for referees in 1998 and became country's first International Commissioner for Fiba in 2005. To do the challenging job as a commissioner, India has a mere three qualified persons at the international level. In a chat with TOI Aneja went down memory lane.Excerpts:How it felt to be the first FIBA commissioners in India?I felt really happy and proud to be the first one to become a FIBA commissioner in India. Since a national referee, I appeared for international examination having cleared it in 1998. After that since there was age limit and I wanted to continue and wish to be attached with the game I appeared for commissioner's exam. I am satisfied with what I am doing.You played the roles of a player, a coach, referee and a FIBA commissioner. Which among these roles, you like the most?I like doing the job of a referee. Though the job is a thankless one I used to feel satisfied after doing it judiciously. As officiating is my passion I love it the most and as long as I can run I will officiate.How the selection procedure for a commissioner differs from that of a referee?It was a bit different as during those days only FIBA referees were entitled for the commissioner's role. There were three papers on administration, on situations and on how to file a report.Can you brief the role of a FIBA commissioner?In short, a commissioner is a care taker of a championship as he has to submit a report of each and every aspect of the tournament. During the game he has to supervise the overall working of the match, he is the coordinator between the referees and the table officials.How challenging is the role of a FIBA commissioner?If I am appointed as a commissioner for a particular championship then it's challenging and very demanding.What are the international matches you have officiated?I have done it in all the sections, sub-junior, junior, women and men in Asia. I have been to the world championships and have worked as a commissioner in almost every zonal championship in Asia.How will you compare the standard of Indian officials to that with the officials from other countries?I have really worked hard to raise the standards of Indian international referees and I am really proud to say that our referees have done a remarkable job. Our referees have done their duties in World Championships, Euro League, west and South East Asian leagues too.What is your opinion about basketball officiating as a career?In India there is hardly any future as we don't have a professional league, while our referees are getting nominated as neutral referees in other countries. It's very good outside India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300259", "title": "School shuts shop, kids in the lurch", "text": "BANGALORE: Pooja Bhalla's joy knew no bounds after the National Centre for Excellence, a CBSE-affiliated school set up its campus in Bellandur on Sarjapur Road a year ago. Pooja liked it for her 2-year-old son because of several reasons, the main being proximity - it's less than 1km from their apartment. But a year later, the school has closed its doors to all 47 children.On Friday, the school gates were locked, and parents say the school decided to shut down without any prior notice. On Friday afternoon, the school asked parents to either continue the students at its Malleshpalya centre or look for other options. Despite parents' requests to meet the principal, the security staff didn't let them in and asked them to pick up their wards at the main gate. Only after parents threatened they'd file a complaint did the principal appear but couldn't justify the decision to shut shop.The worried parents say the management chose not to break the news earlier in order to retain all children for their Malleshpalya centre, which is 12km away.\"Despite knowing they'd be shutting down soon, they kept admitting children till this January. If we were informed earlier, we'd have explored other options. Now, it's too late. Admissions have closed in almost all schools,\" said another parent Smita Rauniyar.\"All of us paid Rs 10,000 as refundable caution money, Rs 30,000 as admission fee and Rs 45,000 as annual tuition fee.We asked them to return that money, but there's been no communication,\" said Kavitha Mannava, another angry parent. Another reason for parents to choose the school was its supposed collaboration with National Public School. The four-storeyed (GGR Tower) sports the school name and its tie-up with NPS. But founder principal of NPS group of institution KP Gopalkrishna told TOI: \"There are about 20-28 schools across the city who put 'National' in their names just to give the impression that they're associated with NPS. I don't know who these people are, but they're clearly misusing our name. We have no collaboration with any school in the city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12299218", "title": "Blast lid off, Government calls up Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finally, the government on Friday sought Iran's help to catch its three nationals accused in last month's Aurangzeb Road bombing case. Later in the day, Delhi Police announced that the main accused, Houshang Afshar Irani, had been in regular touch with Sedaghatzadeh Masoud, the man arrested for carrying out a blast in Bangkok a day later. Police also got an 'open warrant' issued against Masoud, who was arrested from Malaysia. Similar warrants were earlier issued against the three Delhi bombers.In a statement on Friday, the ministry of external affairs said it had given a demarche to Iran on the matter and red corner notices would be issued soon against the accused. The MEA spokesperson said, \"We have informed the Iranian ambassador of these developments so as to seek the cooperation of the Iranian authorities in bringing those involved in this dastardly attack to justice\".Police have confirmed that the bombers responsible for the blasts in Bangkok and New Delhi were part of the same module and that Irani had fled to Malaysia on February 13 after sticking the bomb to Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren's car.Regarding the role of arrested journalist S M A Kazmi in the conspiracy, Delhi Police commissioner B K Gupta said he had done a recce of the Israeli embassy and its surrounding areas. Police claimed Kazmi and his wife had been unable to explain foreign remittances of Rs 3.80 lakh and Rs 18.8 lakh to their accounts since early 2011. Police have roped in the Enforcement Directorate and the Financial Investigation Unit (FIU) to investigate the foreign funds, which were received through genuine bank transactions.Officials said Kazmi joined hands with the Iranian module for monetary and ideological reasons. They suspect that \"one more Indian helped the Iranian bombers in the whole operation\", but refused to divulge details.Kazmi was arrested on March 6 after police found evidence that Irani had regularly communicated with him. Describing Kazmi as a \"facilitator and part of the conspiracy\", Gupta said, \"He was instrumental in getting the Israeli embassy and its surrounding areas recceed by the Iranians\".Kazmi had reportedly visited Iran twice in 2011 at the instance of Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr, and met Mohammed Reza Abolghasemi - both part of Irani's module. \"He was asked to provide assistance in India and was paid a sum of $5,500,\" Gupta said.Kazmi reportedly met Irani through Mahdiansadr during April-May 2011 in Delhi. At that time, Irani bought a moped (HR-51-T-5306) from a dealer in Karol Bagh's used vehicles market for Rs 10,000 using his passport. The vehicle was used to survey the %target areas, as first reported by TOI.Gupta said the Iranian suspects also used Kazmi's Maruti Alto at that time and \"were specifically interested in the vehicles and the routes used by Israeli diplomats\". Sources said the Iranians had decided to target Tal Yehoshua-Koren's car in May 2011 itself, before Irani returned home. The moped remained parked at Kazmi's residence in the Iranians' absence. Kazmi reportedly booked the return tickets of Mahdiansadr.The three Iranians, part of the same module that planted bombs in Bangkok and Tbilisi , came to New Delhi on tourist visas 15 days before the February 13 attack. They changed hotels in Paharganj and Karol Bagh four-five times and assembled the magnetic explosive device. Mahdiansadr and Abolghasemi left India before February 13 while Irani stayed back to plant the bomb, sources said.On the day of the blast, Irani rented hotel staffer Preetpal Singh's black Hero Passion Pro bike (DL11-SB-0180) and came to Aurangzeb Road in the afternoon. Irani stuck the bomb to Yehoshua-Koren's Innova car around 3.15pm, and flew to Malaysia the same evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12299529", "title": "Budget 2012: Dining out to eat a hole in your pocket", "text": "PANAJI: Eating out just got more expensive. The common man and hospitality industry winced at the announcement of a hike in service tax with hoteliers likely to pass on the added burden to customers.The conduct of the assembly elections in February has already crippled the tourism season, and the announcement of the increase in service tax from 5.3% to 7.3% on Friday has left the tourism industry shaking its head in disbelief.\"All these taxes are passed on to the guests. While the big hotels won't be affected to that extent, it will be the smaller hotels which are going to suffer. This move to increase service tax is damaging,\" says Epifanio Barreto, president, Federation of Small and Medium Hotels and Guest Houses.Gaurish Dhond, president, Travel and Tourism Association of Goa, said that the budget had nothing for the tourism industry. \"Not just Goa, there is nothing for India tourism too. Nothing has been mentioned about the Mopa airport, highway expansion or a new Zuari bridge. We are disappointed,\" he said.John Lobo, general secretary, Shack Owners Welfare Society, said he had expected the UPA government to deliver a popular budget. \"When the Congress has been losing elections in different states, one thought it would come up with a popular Union budget. Instead, it is very discouraging. I hope the Goa government comes up with a budget for the common man and the tourism industry,\" he said.In Ponda, chartered accountant Mahesh Shetye said that people depending solely on restaurants for their meals will be severely affected. \"One class of people who will be the most affected are those working in private establishments and small-time businessmen who eat at restaurants daily,\" adds Sameer Shet, a Ponda resident. J P Jaggi, president, South Goa Hotels and Restaurant Owners Association said that the restaurant industry is already \"highly taxed\". \"Add to it, soaring rentals plus the food inflation and it is a perfect recipe for disaster for small hotels and restaurants,\" he said.Bonny Pereira, a Betalbatim restaurateur, said that the introduction of VAT was expected to bring about a uniform tax structure. \"But, one finds that while some restaurants charge VAT, others simply evade it. Customers, obviously, will go to the ones which offer lesser-priced items, but the honest tax-paying restaurant owner suffers,\" he said.While Margao restaurateur Sayeed Kadar says it is the common man who is the patron of the small and medium-sized restaurants, and the hike in service tax has dealt a blow to this business, Mark Smirnov, a Russian tourist at Arambol, said tourists would feel the pinch as well.\"Eating out at restaurants in Goa is already costly. You order any sea food, no dish will come to you for less than 750. It is assumed that it is cheap for foreigners and we can afford it, but it is not,\" he said. Avinash Kochrekar, restaurant owner, says that many foreign tourists already prefer eating at small hotels and roadside joints. \"Eating out in Goa is expensive. Any hike in tax will force us to increase our prices.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303351", "title": "Sameera Reddy files a legal complaint", "text": "Her grouse is that her picture has been used by a magazine for a story that has no connection with her.Sameera Reddy is upset that a national weekly published from Kerala has used an old picture of hers along with liquor and airline baron Dr Vijay Mallya on the cover, to illustrate a story on the recent controversy plaguing his airline company. Titled 'End of Good Times', the photograph - published in the cover page of the magazine - has the liquor baron flanked by the actress. Sameera, on her part, has taken legal action against the publication and is demanding an apology at the earliest.A source says, \"Sameera has a clean image in the south and this photograph suggests that she had something to do with Dr Vijay Mallya's company, which is not the case. So, she has sent a lawyer's notice to the publication, demanding they carry an apology at the earliest.\"When CT contacted the actress, she said, \"I'm upset that my picture has been used for a story that I've no connection with. Also, Dr Vijay Mallya is my uncle and my family members are quite upset that my picture has been used to illustrate a story that highlights the issues his company is facing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303923", "title": "Dibyendu Mukherjee signs a new film", "text": "Dibyendu Mukherjee is three films old, one out of which (read \"Nondinee\") is yet to release. But the musician-turned-actor has his hands full with acting assignments.He has signed on Partha Pratim Ganguly's film, \" Char Chaka\", which stars a few rank newcomers.There's Purnendu Dey's next with Mumtaz, Priyanshu and Indraneil and John's telefilm on Taslima's Shodh, where he'll be paired opposite Debleena Dutt.There are two other ventures that he doesn't want to disclose yet. \"There's Riingo's \"Na Hanyate\" - I've acted and scored the music for it,\" he says.There are offers to compose and Dibyendu says he's on board for Swarup Ghosh and Riingo's next.How difficult is the balancing act? \"Acting's tough. Even if I'm putting in my 300%, there's no guarantee about the outcome since I've zero training in acting. The offers are coming in because of \" Charuulata 2011\", but I'm not too sure how to pull them off. Music comes more naturally to me. Producers know about it,\" he wisecracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12305235", "title": "Senior SP leader Azam Khan takes incomplete oath", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan, who was recently sworn in as minister in the UP cabinet, will have to take the oath of office once again on Sunday after it was found that he had not taken the pledge of secrecy and office as per Constitutional procedures.The powerful Muslim leader found himself in the midst of a controversy with the filing of a public interest litigation (PIL) that challenged his oath taking procedure thereby raising questions over his appointment as a cabinet minister.Advocate Shankar Jain filed a petition in the Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court on Friday that said the oath which Azam took on March 15 was incomplete''. The petitioner said that though Azam took the oath of secrecy, he did not take the oath of office. The court, while observing the footage of the oath taking ceremony held at La Martenier grounds, agreed with the lapse and as hfixed the next date of hearing for March 20.According to a constitutional expert, the oath of office has to be taken first followed by the office of secrecy. Khan, as it appeared, skipped the first part and moved to the second straight away.The filing of the PIL has raised questions over the validity of the decisions made by state's cabinet of which Azam has been a part of. Notable among them is the distribution of laptops and tablets and unemployment allowance to people aged above 35.Azam, on Saturday, was quick to respond by returning all facilities, including his official bungalow and car allotted to him in the capacity of a cabinet minister. Khan will once again take oath atRaj Bhawan on Sunday at 11am.The incident has left the Samajwadi Party's leadership in a fix even as it geared up to allocate different departments to the ministers, including Azam Khan, probably on Sunday. Khan and the other cabinet ministers have been allotted office in the fifth floor of the annexe in their capacity as cabinet minister.Interestingly, the Indian Constitution empowers the governor to prohibit a minister from assuming office until he has taken the oath properly. It is because of this reason that Azam has been forced to take the oath once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300466", "title": "Collector\u2019s son dies in accident", "text": "KOCHI: Ernakulam district collector P I Sheik Pareeth's son Thaslim Sheik, 26, died on Friday following an accident in Bangalore.The accident took place on Thursday evening when the car in which Thaslim and two of his friends were travelling collided with a lorry. While one died on the spot, the other two were admitted to a hospital. Thaslim breathed his last on Friday evening. The collector left for Bangalore on Friday morning.District magistrate E K Sujatha will act as the chief electoral officer in the absence of the collector for the Piravom bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300173", "title": "Mumbai salutes Sachin\u2019s knock in Bangladesh", "text": "MUMBAI: For 20-year-old Saiyami Kher, Sachin Tendulkar's 100th international hundred would go down as one of her prized moments. Nothing can match the moment Sachin took off his helmet and kissed the national tricolour at Mirpur in Bangladesh---it was not just a swell of pride for Kher but also a big one for the nation. Mumbai, too, swelled in pride. From state leaders to Sachin's neighbours, everyone stood as one to celebrate the master blaster's achievement. Fans say that this feat would silence all critics who have been clamouring for his retirement.Kher was celebrating Sachin's achievement at a Lower Parel restaurant when The Times of India caught up with her. \"I had gone to his house with a cake and a bouquet. This is a great moment me. I am planning to go back to his house once I finish dinner. I was a little anxious when he was nearing the century mark but he managed to do it once again,\" she said, as she argued with her friends that Sachin's achievement was bigger than anything else---for that moment India's loss did not matter. \"He has achieved a lot. One cannot take this away and you cannot blame him for the loss.\"Unlike Kher, 60-year-old Krushna Ramakant Kapse argued with the vada pav stall owner near Sachin's's Perry Cross Road house that it was time for the master blaster to bid farewell. \"After this feat, he should make way for youngsters. Unless he puts his bat down, how will others come up? No doubt very few will be able to achieve what he has achieved,\" said Kapse who was interrupted by another Sachin fan. \"Why should he retire? He is still young and has the potential to carry on. There is no question of him retiring. His shots are as sharp as ever,\" said Waqar Younis.Cricket writer and Sachin's old friend Dwarkanath Sanzgiri echoed the same sentiment. \"If Jack Hobbs retired at 45, why should Sachin retire now when he is just 39? He has the divine talent and has the ability to overcome a lot of pain. The century at Mirpur was actually the moment that we have been waiting for. After he crossed 80, I was chasing every run.He has achieved the unthinkable.\" Mayor Sunil Prabhu has also congratulated the master blaster and has promised to felicitate the cricketing genius. \"It is a proud moment for the city,\" he said.If Jack Hobbs retired at 45, why should Sachin retire at 39? He has the divine talent and the ability to overcome a lot of pain.The century at Mirpur was actually the moment that we have been waiting for. After he crossed 80, I was chasing every run. He has achieved the unthinkable", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12302448", "title": "Not-so-cool summer for fizzy drinks", "text": "The hike in excise duty could not have come at a worse time for the Rs 11,000-crore soft-drinks industry . Right at the onset of the summer season, prices of carbonated drinks are likely to go up making it a not-so-cool summer for consumers as well as companies.\"The proposed hike of 2% on the standard rate of excise duty and service tax comes at a time when the packaged beverage industry is starting to gain momentum. The soft drinks industry will weigh its options in the light of this proposed hike, but given the rising input and transportation costs, we will need to pass on a part of this increase to consumers ,\" said a Coca-Cola spokesperson.A spokesperson for Pepsi-Co India said the Budget announcement will be reviewed and a decision on the price hike will be taken soon, although no immediate change in price is expected. Most of the manufacturing facilities for both Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Co are outside of excise free zones. The price hikes are likely to be passed on in larger packs while the entry-level packs may not be affected.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12306523", "title": "'Wandering thoughts linked to sharper brains'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Often find yourself daydreaming while engaged in some work? Then, you probably have a pretty capable working memory, scientists say.This mind wandering actually gives one's working memory a workout, increasing the individual's ability to hold lots of information in the brain, researchers said.Working memory is the mental work space that allows the brain to juggle multiple thoughts simultaneously, and the more working memory a person has, the more daydreaming they can do without forgetting the task at hand, they said.\"Our results suggest that the sorts of planning that people do quite often in daily life -- when they are on the bus, when they are cycling to work, when they are in the shower -- are probably supported by working memory,\" study author Jonathan Smallwood, of the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Science, said.\"Their brains are trying to allocate resources to the most pressing problems,\" Smallwood was quoted as saying by LiveScience.For their study, published in the journal Psychological Science, the researchers studied groups of people from the University of Wisconsin-Madison community, aged 18-65 years.The first group was asked to perform simple tasks, like pressing a button every time they took a breath or clicking in response to a letter popping up on a computer screen; these tasks were so easy that their minds were likely to wander, the researchers figured.The researchers also checked in periodically, asking the participants if their minds were on task or wandering. When the task was over, they measured each participant's working memory capacity by having them remember letters while doing math equations.Though all participants performed well on the task, the researchers noticed that the individuals who indicated their minds had wandered more than others also scored higher on the working memory test.\"What this study seems to suggest is that, when circumstances for the task aren't very difficult, people who have additional working memory resources deploy them to think about things other than what they're doing,\" Smallwood said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300021", "title": "Budget 2012: Costly city just got costlier", "text": "The third-most expensive city in the country just got more expensive. Six days ago, the auto fares went up, two days ago rail fares went up, petrol prices are higher than all other metros due to higher service tax. The Friday budget will pinch your pocket more. From dining to transport, the increase in service tax will push up prices of almost everything.For Naveen Patel, a techie living in Indiranagar, the expensive tag hurts him every time he fills his fuel tank. \"In New Delhi, petrol costs Rs 65.64 per litre while we cough up Rs 73.50. As we don't have good public transport,we're forced to pay more. The state government must give us some relief in the budget next week,\" he said.\"Bangalore lacks basic infrastructure. Planning authorities failed to develop the city according to its growth. This has forced people to pay through their nose for water and electricity. We have to buy water, whereas people in cities like Kolkata or Ahmedabad get it at minimal cost. Constant power shutdowns have forced people to rely on inverters and generators,\" said Chandravadan Thakker, businessman and a resident of HSR Layout.\"When we shifted to Bangalore from Jaipur,we thought we would have better facilities. But, after settling here, we realize the city lacks basic facilities. If you are from a middle class family, it's tough to make ends meet. My wife and I spend half our earnings on commuting and household facilities. My daughter has started giving tuitions to earn money to buy petrol for her two-wheeler,\" said Vishwanathan Nair, a resident of Banaswadi.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303228", "title": "Naseeruddin Shah and Rupa Ganguly in a music video", "text": "The indefatigable Usha Uthup has roped in Naseeruddin Shah and Rupa Ganguly to emote an entire Rabindra Nath Tagore song in English for a music video.Excited about the project, Ganguly told Mumbai Mirror, \"It's a very well-known Rabindra sangeet 'Koto baar bhebechhinu'. It's been translated into English for Usha Didi's song as 'Drink To Only Me.' We had a ball shooting it. It was my dream to work with Naseer. Somehow, we kept missing working with each other for decades. When I was told Naseer was going to be part of this music video, I just jumped at the opportunity.\"Talking about her shooting experience, the actress said, \"There was a complete story in the music video. Naseer plays a photographer and I play the woman he once shot and never forgot.\"When contacted, Usha Uthup said, \"It was an honour working with Naseer. He's a dear friend. He agreed to do the music video in a jiffy. Actually, I've done a whole album of Rabindra Sangeet in English. But I could only afford one music video. 42 years ago when I sang my first song on stage, I chose an Irish song. I didn't know it had its roots in a Tagore song. When people pointed out the kinship between my Irish song and Rabindra Sangeet, I was hooked. This album is a culmination of that process of globalisation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12299282", "title": "Actor's fake Facebook page stirs religious trouble", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An advocate has registered a complaint with crime branch's cyber cell against a Facebook account holder who posted derogatory remarks about the Quran. The account is in the name of Bollywood actress and TV producer Deepti Bhatnagar , but police believe this is a fake account created fraudulently in her name.The advocate, Gulammoiyuddin Shaikh, has registered the complaint at the crime branch in which he accused the creator of the account of hurting his religious sentiments.Shaikh says that in the personal-information section of the account, it is mentioned that Bhatnagar had studied at Best school in Ahmedabad and was a graduate of the Gujarat University. \"Both these facts are erroneous which also proves this is a fake account,\" said a crime branch official.\"When we received the complaint on Thursday, we accessed the account and saw it was active,\" a crime branch official said. \"At the first glance, we feel that this could be a fake account. Especially since there are no names on the friends' list. We are tracking the IP address.\"Shaikh has said in his complaint that he saw the account on February 20. Some derogatory comments had been posted on the wall. The messages had been uploaded on February 13, said crime branch officials.Shaikh has demanded that the person who used this IP address to create the account be prosecuted under cyber crime laws and various sections of the IPC for hurting his religious sentiments.The investigation is now being conducted by police inspector of crime branch, cyber cell, K K Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300518", "title": "Union Budget: Per sovereign price may rise by 500", "text": "KOCHI: In the end, all that glittered was the import duty. The gold industry's worst fears came true on Friday when finance minister Pranab Mukherjee hiked duty on gold imports from 2 to 4% with 1% excise duty to be levied on 30% of the invoice value for all forms of jewellery.Industry insiders felt that the Centre's move, which is largely motivated by the increasing forex outflows on gold bullion purchases, would have a negative impact on prices, though jewellery demand may not be unduly affected. Sources said that per sovereign (8 gm) prices could rise as much as 500.\"We will have to pass on the increase to customers. Gold prices have been high enough as it is and only the demand has kept this going. Going ahead, the middle class and people in rural areas who rely on gold as a solid and safe investment will be hit when TCS (Tax Collection at Source) rates on gold purchases above 2 lakh,\" said Kalyanaraman, managing director, Kalyan Jewellery.Both gold and platinum will become more expensive. The Budget has increased basic customs duty on standard gold bars and gold coins of purity exceeding 99.5% and platinum from 2 to 4% and on non-standard gold from 5 to 10%.Kalyanaraman expected imports of gold to be affected by as much as 70% by the increase in customs duty. \"We will approach the government and request a rollback on excise duty and removal of import duty,\" Kalyanaraman said.Gold prices have seen a 32% increase in the past year thanks to unflagging demand.Mehul Choksi, CMD of Gitanjali Gems, said that demand would continue to be strong as the Budget has given incentives to the agricultural sector, which will translate into increased incomes and boost savings, resulting in higher demand for jewellery which is a preferred form of investment for the rural consumer.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12300848", "title": "Finance Minister fails to impress Sangam city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On when hand, Sachin Tendulkar hits his 100th century and makes people proud, Finance Minister scored a duck by his Union Budget. After facing the brunt of the hike in rail fares, the Union Budget too failed to meet the expectations of the people of the Sangam city.From criticizing the budget for a nominal increase in the income tax slab to hike in service tax and numbers of facilities been covered under service tax, the 2012-13 budget proposal was disapproved by Allahabadis.What was proposed by the Union Finance Minister shows his political compulsion and would surly increase the rate of inflation, said Pramod Kumar Singh, Finance Officer Allahabad University who is also a Charted Accountant. Criticizing the budget, he further said that by expanding the area of the services and an altogether 2% increase in the rate of service tax, Pranab is not helping the common man. The government also played a trick wherein the minister remained silent on decreasing the subsidy but the Prime Minister, later in an interview, said that subsidy on number of items would be curtailed which directly means that LPG, Diesel and Petrol etc are going to cost dear.The FO also said that by increasing the tax slab, the budget is not going to help the middle class as it would benefit those who are earn more then Rs 8 Lakhs per year. Moreover, people were expecting the increase in house loan but the budget has not increased the same which is same at Rs 1.5 lakhs, he added.Shobhita, a student of Allahabad University said that although we are not that aware of the budget or its implications, but one thing we certainly know that the prices are on the rise, all through the year something should be done to curtail it. Moreover we are sad that mobile, computer peripheral etc would be costlier and equally sad that gold and branded garments too would be costlier.There has been a mixed reaction of the union budget 21011 among the salaried class person of the city. While some have praises for removing the clause of submitting the tax return for salaried class, those in the higher income group are disappointed for not raising the tax slab limit.\"We were hoping that the tax exemption limit would be raised to at least Rs 2.5 or Rs 3 lakhs but seems like the finance minister have shown pity to the tax payer and as such raised the limit by just Rs 2 lakhs. After the Sixth pay commission, the salaries have risen multifold and as such chunk of people are disappointed\", said Nilesh Rai.Criticizing the budget proposals as antipeople, Dr Ashish Mital said it will intensify liberalization for foreign companies and provide no relief to the Indian consumer, farmer, workers and middle class. It is anti people, inflationary, against growth of home markets, undermines people's purchasing power and growth, compromises national interests and serves corporate, multinational interests. The budget fails to address the all important issues of widespread corruption, bringing back 25 lakhs crores worth black money stashed abroad, inflation and unemployment. There is no announcement to save peoples livelihood by preventing their being uprooted from their land, water resources, forests and as small traders, he added.He further said that all subsidies are to be reduced to 2% of GDP (1.75% in 3 yrs) which is a mischievously introduced new parameter. This means current subsidy on fuel, fertilizers and food will be cut. Indirect taxes have been raised rather steeply in customs and excise rates and by widening the service tax base.Extra income from these taxes of Rs 42, 000 crores which will be inflationary and a steep burden on the people. Moreover, saving have already been attacked by reducing interests on provident fund to 8.25% and the cost of petrol, diesel, kerosene, cooking gas, all fertilizers, all food items, education, transport, health will rise rather steeply this year, he said.A number of measures have been announced to deregulate capital markets and permit free penetration of foreign capital in the financial, equity and banking sectors, the long term impact of which will surely be further control of dollar over rupee and further devaluation of the rupee which has already lost three times its value since 20 years of liberalization.Giving his comments on the union budget, CA Peeyush Kumar Kesharwani said , \"This Budget is very much disappointing to the consumers. The increase in custom duty and service tax from 10% to 12% and the coverage of service tax extended to all services will affect a lot to the consumers.The increase in basic exemption limit from Rs 1.80 lakhs to Rs 2.00 lakhs will also disappointment to the assesses because the expectation of the assesses was approx Rs 3.00 lakhs as basic exemption due to the inflation.Commenting on the union budget, CA Shiv Kumar, chairman Allahabad Branch of ICAI (Institute of charted accountants of India) said, \"Increase in the rate of central excise and service tax from 10% to 12% will have the inflationary effect, the coverage of all the service under the service tax net except negative list of 17 services will be an extra burden to general public though the finance minister has tried to pacify the public by increasing the exemption limit of income tax, introduction of TDS provisions on purchase of jewellery exceeding Rs 20 lakhs will be cumbersome compliance there is no incentive to the industrial sector from the budget except a weighted deduction of 150% of capital expenditure to cold chain facility, warehouses for cold storage of food grains hospital fertilizers and affordable housing.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12300922", "title": "Government railway police nabs hardcore criminal", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a major breakthrough, sleuths of government railway police (GRP) Allahabad on Friday arrested a dacoit identified as, Rajoo alias Gole, a resident of Kalre Badhan (Mirzapur) near platform no 9 when he was planning to escape from city. The GRP officials have also recovered one 0.315 bore country made pistol along with two live cartridges and drugs from his possession.Inspector GRP , Devendra Mishra told TOI that hardened criminal Raju alias GOle, carrying Rs 5,000 cash reward on his head, along with his two accomplices had escaped from Bhadohi district jail during the intervening night of October 27 and 28, 2011 after making tunnel. He added that Raju was sent behind the bars by the police on July 22, 2011 on the charges of double murder of a couple in village Buari under Aurai police station of Bhadohi district.After escaping from jail, the hardened criminal was untraceable and police of Allahabad, Bhadohi and Varanasi had been searching for him.Acting upon a tip off that a hardened criminal from eastern UP was plotting to catch a train near platform no 9, sleuths of GRP swung into action and ensured the arrest of the criminal. The police have registered a case under Section 25 Arms Act and 8/21 NDPS Act with GRP, Allahabad police station. The GRP has also apprised Bhadohi district police about the arrest of the absconder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12299382", "title": "Residents allege land-grab try by AIADMK councillor", "text": "TRICHY: Stalin Nagar in Ariyamangalam of Trichy corporation is one of the most neglected parts near the composite yard, where about 45 families have been residing since 1972. Surrounded only by filth and garbage , the people of this area are now forced to undergo a different kind of suffering ----- eviction from habitat. A woman AIADMK councillor is said to be forcing them into eviction from their habitat.Being deprived of basic amenities, the residents are in possession of 10,000 sqft of land which comes under the 29th ward of the Trichy Corporation. On February 24, 2012, the ward councillor, Kayalvizhi Sekar, of the AIADMK, gave a shocker to them claiming ownership of the area. Further, she, with the influence of policemen including assistant commissioner VR Srinivasan, inspector E Kamaraj and sub-inspector Sindhunathi, damaged the huts of the residents and even took them into custody to force-sell their land by directing them to sign blank papers. As most of them were illiterate, they affixed their thumb impressions on the papers, unaware of the consequences.T Ramzan Beevi (25) said the policemen intimidated them into leaving the place. While at Ariyamangalam police station, they coerced seven residents into signing blank papers, but the rest refused. Noticing their reluctance, the police used oppressive methods to make them sign the papers.According to M Mariammal (50), a sister of Kayalvizhi's murdered husband Sekar, \"Despite residing for four decades in the area, the officials are yet to give us titles for our land. Many people with influence have been trying to encroach on this area. Kayalvizhi is the latest.\"In this connection, the residents had filed a case in the district munsif court in Tiruchirapalli in 2004 against eight persons including Sekar, who claimed ownership of the land, and then inspector and sub-inspector of Ariyamangalam police station Thangavelu and Kannan respectively. They said the two policemen threatened them to vacate the place, in support of Sekar. The case is sub-judice while the counter petitioners have been summoned for an appearance on March 19, 2012.Responding to the matter, Kayalvizhi told TOI that the land belonged to her family. When asked whether she was intimidating the residents, she denied any such attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12299189", "title": "Budget draws lots of brickbats, and a few bouquets as well", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reactions to the Union Budget remained tepid on Friday, with pockets of the Indian industry maintaining that not enough was done to push growth. The Indian Industry Association (IIA), the apex body of micro, small and medium scale enterprises (MSMEs), said it was looking to see if Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee would promise much to the 2.6 crore MSMEs in India. Only three announcements related to the MSME sector were made; at least two of which had already been announced earlier.Reacting to the budget, IIA general secretary Manish Goel said the budget would not be able to control inflation.Making way for Rs 5,000 crore for SMEs under the venture fund head was also not enough, he said. \"An increase in income tax exemption limit from Rs 1.8 lakh to Rs 2 lakh is an eyewash because it will only offset the increase in inflation over the past one year,'' he said.IIA former president Anil Gupta also said the sector was expecting reforms in taxation laws, the implementation of direct taxes code (DTC) and a definite roadmap for implementation of goods and services tax (GST), for instance. Though the FM expressed his intention to implement both, there was no definite roadmap. The budget's inability to impress was also attributed by many to a 'weak government' at the Centre. Another former president of IIA, G C Chaturvedi said the budget was a weak and safe one. He also said it was a negative budget.Even the banking sector remained unimpressed with the Union Budget 2012-13. Saying that it failed to match the expectations of the banking industry, chief executive officer, HCBL Cooperative Bank, Pawan Kapoor said, \"It might trigger further inflation and increase in losses, or non-performing assets of banks. Raised tax exemption limit will also not benefit the common man as inflation rate is higher.\"Amidst the negative perception, those in the skill development sector also put in a good word for the Union Budget. UPTEC managing director Upendra Kumar said the announcements supporting skill development and a 23% increase in the prime minister's employment guarantee programme would be good for the sector.Reactions to the Union Budget also poured in from the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). Sharing his preliminary response on the proposals of Union Budget 2012-13, Vijay Thadani, chairman, CII (northern region) called the budget realistic and said it attempts to balance the need for growth and the need for macroeconomic stability.Thadani also said the budget focuses on assistance through loans rather than subsides, for which various credit guarantee schemes have been proposed. Regional director, CII (northern region), Pikender Pal Singh, also welcomed the substantial increase in allocations related to rural development, ICDS and mid-day meals. The continued thrust on education, health and skill development, he said, is a step in the right direction. Overall reactions to the budget were also gloomy in the academics' camp. Calling the budget entirely lacklustre and with little vision, professor Himanshu Rai of Indian Institute of Management (IIM) said the budget needed a more bold handling by the FM. \"Steps to tackle corruption are vague and weak. Levying 30% tax on undisclosed income (black money) is too little; this should have been about 50%,\" Rai said.Adding that assuming a high deficit of 5.1% in 2012/13 is not a good sign, Rai also said the target for growth looks too optimistic because no radical plans are in place to suggest that the targets could be met. Rai added, \"There is little talk about details of improving infrastructure.For instance, the budget talks about building 8,800 km of roads. It does not specify an implementation period.'' The outlook for agriculture, though, he said, is the only good thing about the budget; with an 18% increase in allocation of agriculture.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300758", "title": "Fertilizer, food, fuel become the new 'F' words", "text": "NEW DELHI: While promising to cap subsidies at 2% of GDP, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has cut the allocation for food, fertilizer and fuel support by almost 14% to Rs 1.8 lakh crore during the next financial year.The reduction comes despite the government's experience during the current fiscal when it saw a Rs 74,000-crore increase in the subsidy bill from what was budgeted at the start of the year. Against the budget estimate of Rs 1.34 lakh crore for 2011-12, the government revised it to Rs 2.09 lakh crore. At the start of the year, the FM and his officers had dismissed all suggestions of the government under-providing, something that most economists had pointed to.Even this year, Mukherjee is facing the same charge. After all oil prices are rising and a poor spell of rain can force the government to import foodgrains. Even fertilizer subsidy depends on external factors.In his speech, the FM, however, promised to fully provide for the proposed Food Security Act. At present the Bill is in Parliament and it will take several months before it is cleared.Although the government once again promised better targeting and cash transfers, there is little more than statement of intent and increasing the coverage of several pilot projects that have been going on for years.For the moment, there will only be an information system to track the movement of fertilizer and subsidies and direct transfer will \"be implemented in subsequent phases\". There was no mention of direct transfers for petroleum products, something that Mukherjee had promised to roll out during the current financial year itself.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "proposal ", "code": "12301307", "title": "Budget 2012: Times guide to indirect tax", "text": "Proposal : Standard excise duty rate is increased from 10.3% to 12.36%.Impact : Consumer durables and other goods such as washing machine, airconditioner , laptops, toys, wrist watches, two-wheelers , perfumes, etc will now be costlier by 1% to 1.5%.Proposal : Concessional rate of excise duty of 1.03% and 5.15% is increased to 2.06% and 6.18% respectively on many specified products.Impact : Basic and necessary goods such as tooth powder, spectacles/ lenses, sewing machines, pens, pencils, sugar confectionary, pastry, cakes, paper, drugs, medical equipment, etc will now be costlier by 0.5% to 0.7%.Proposal : Service tax rate to increase from 10.3% to 12.36%.Impact : Services such as telecommunication/ mobile, internet, pest control, commercial coaching, beauty and health treatment, courier, etc will be costlier by 2.06% flat. Households bill for a monthly spend of Rs 10,000 on services likely to go up by Rs 200.Proposal : Basic excise duty on petrol cars with engine capacity between 1200cc to 1500cc is increased from 22.66% to 24.72%.Impact : A mid-sized salon car with ex-showroom price of Rs 7 lakh will be costlier by Rs 8,000 to Rs 10,000.Proposal : Excise duty abatement on branded readymade garment for excise duty is increased from 55% to 70%.Impact : A branded jeans costing Rs 2,000 is likely to be cheaper by Rs 20.Proposal : Excise duty on cigarettes of length exceeding 65 mm increased by adding an ad valorem component of excise duty of 10% and such rate shall apply on 50% of retail selling price.Impact : A pack of cigarettes of length exceeding 65 mm costing Rs 120 will now cost between Rs 125 and Rs 130.Proposal : Service tax is proposed to be levied on passenger travel by rail in first class or airconditioned coach with or without unaccompanied goods on a value equal to 30% of fare.Impact : In addition to proposed rise in first class and air-conditioned coach fares by the Railway Budget, service tax of 3.7% will apply. Thus, a 3-tier AC ticket in Rajdhani Express from Mumbai to Delhi costing Rs 1,470 will now cost Rs 1,525.Proposal : Abatement of 50% in value available to hotels, inns, guest houses, clubs, campsites for residential or lodging purposes has been reduced to 40%.Impact : Stay in five-star hotel costing Rs 6,000 per night will now be expensive by Rs 136.Proposal : Service tax on air travel is proposed to be changed from existing lump sum payment per ticket to ad valorem tax rate on specified value of air fare. Effectively service tax at 4.8% would be payable on the air fare.Impact : A Mumbai-London return air ticket in an economy class with a fare of Rs 30,000 will cost dearly by at least Rs 700.Proposal :Basic excise duty of 1% on branded silver jewellery to be done away with.Impact : Silver jewellery costing Rs 20,000 will be cheaper by Rs 200.Proposal : Basic excise duty on LED lamps reduced to NIL.Impact :Now on a Rs 150 LED lamp, one should save as much as Rs 10.Proposal: Basic customs duty raised from existing 10% to 30% on imported bicycles .Impact : Now a branded luxury bicycle costing Rs 15,000 will now cost between Rs 17,000 and Rs 19,000.Proposal : Limit of duty-free allowance on return to India from international journey hiked from Rs 25,000 to Rs 35,000 for an overseas stay of more than three days (it is hiked from Rs 12,000 to Rs 15,000 for a shorter stay).Impact : The change, for example, ensures an additional savings of approximately Rs 3,500 for passengers who have shopped for at least Rs 35,000 with an international stay of more than 3 daysProposal :Basic excise duty on gold coins with 99.5% purity reduced from existing 1.03% to NIL.Impact : A 10 gm 99.50% pure gold coin costing Rs 28,000 set to be cheaper by approximately Rs 275.Proposal : limit for levy of service tax on monthly maintenance charges payable to a housing society for an apartment has been increased from Rs 3,000 to Rs 5,000. Impact : The tax outgo will stand reduced and the flat owner will benefit to that extent. Methodology: We have taken the MRP of popular brands across each item in this table, factored in a tentative distributor's margin and then computed the indicative impact of budget announcements.(Powered by Ernst &amp; Young)Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303854", "title": "The audio launch of Balaji Sakthivel\u2019s Vazhakku Enn 18/9", "text": "The audio launch of Balaji Sakthivel's Vazhakku Enn 18/9 was quite a low key affair as far as Kollywood audio launches go, but it was also one of the rare occasions when every speaker seemed to speak straight from their heart.This deeply personal tone was set when the film's art director Mayil Krish opened up on how he has been in the Kadhal filmmaker's projects mainly because he gets the job done cheap.Almost every other guest took his spontaneous outburst as the template and opened up on their industry experiences.Balaji's peers and his closest friends in the industry, directors Sasi, Ezhil and S S Stanley were present on the occasion to cheer their good friend and the film's producer, director Lingusamy, also made his presence felt.The film's trailer and a song, which has been composed by well-known guitarist Prasanna who's making his K-Town debut, were screened for the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12299505", "title": "Canter overturns in Ranthambore, 8 hurt", "text": "JAIPUR: At least eight tourists including two children aged 14 and 9 were injured when a tiger safari Canter overturned in the Ranthambore National Park in Sawai Madhopur district on Friday morning. About 15 tourists including two foreigners were on the patrol Canter when it overturned while returning from the park near Ganesh Temple. No FIR has been registered.According to police, the incident took place around 10 am. \"The Canter had taken 15 tourists into the park for tiger safari around 7 am. It was returning when another canter approaching from opposite direction applied brakes suddenly. To avoid colliding with it, the Canter turned towards side of the road which was slightly higher. Due to this, it turned turtle,\" said a police officer.He added that a police team from Kotwali police station sent to the spot. \"By the time we arrived there, some of the tourists including two foreigners who had sustained minor injuries had left for their hotels,\" said the officer.The injured include Sidhant (14), Anusha (8), Diksha, Manoj Narang, Ashok, Sunita and two foreign tourists. The domestic tourists were from Delhi and Noida. Sidhant and Anusha fractured their hands and have been admitted to a hospital, while others were discharged after primary treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303650", "title": "Veena Malik and Yaana Gupta at Studio 169 opening", "text": "Shilpi Gupta and Rajeev Gupta planned the opening of their Studio 169 designer store and Fine dine lounge bar at Moments Mall in New Delhi in different style.It was like total Bollywood style where artist came in big limousine cars and dancers were dancing in cage made for them.Yaana Gupta was the first Bollywood guest who came to the venue .She came in red gown and changed the dress after she liked one dress at the store.She was very happy to come for this event.Other guest who came for the event were Neeraj Soni,Vishal Saxena,Harsh Mayyar child artist of film I AM ,Anamika singer who was seen after a long time after in party,Sachin Gupta new director and choreographer who planned the event with Shilpi and Rajeev Gupta.Veena Malik also came in red dress and she also changed her dress in blue gown at the store as the store different varieties of dresses.She met everyone at store and lounge bar and wished all the best to Shilpi Gupta owner of Studio 169 who was taking care of all the guest .The event went till vee hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12299616", "title": "'Ban all mining activity in Cavrem immediately'", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that they are ready to take on the government machinery if mining activity in Cavrem is allowed to resume, Cavrem residents have resolved to refuse any form of compensation and have demanded that all illegal mining activity in the village be banned immediately.At a meeting held on Friday, the villagers unanimously agreed that there could be no guarantee that all the villagers would receive adequate compensation. They said that any assessment report would cover only agricultural losses, but would not take into account the effects of noise pollution, contamination of water bodies, health related issues, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12304140", "title": "'Damadol' ready to tickle your funny bone", "text": "\"Damadol\" by director Manoj Michigan is a comedy film about three friends who are just out of college.\"As the title suggests, the film is a chaotic comedy, a laughter riot spinning through an urban landscape. It is about the strong friendship bond among three college friends played by Shaheb, Rajdeep and Samadarshi. Priyanka, Anindita and Gunjan play their love interests. How friends stand for each other in the hour of crisis and how they mess up the relationship when a girl comes into the scene is what the film all about,\" says Manoj.Samadarshi plays Aditya, a cool, witty guy who desperately wants to become a filmmaker. He knocks on all studio doors hoping to find someone to produce his film but lands up finding a Papu Bhai essayed by Saswata Chatterjee. Nikhil, a corporate guy who is desperate to get married, is played by Shaheb. He feels he can never fall in love and pressurizes his father to scan marriage proposals online. Rajdeep is VK, a business partner in a cable TV company, who is in love with Ria (Priyanka) but is unable to talk to her.Ria is a charming girl with strong moral values while Ankita (Anindita) is an airhostess secretly in love with Aditya. Tanya (Gunjan) plays an aspiring actor who gets a chance to play the lead in Aditya's film. \"Pappu Bhai loves films, television soaps and item songs and agrees to finance Aditya's film but on one condition which I can't reveal now. What results is a roller-coaster ride of mistaken identity and hilarious confusion. How their dreams and aspirations create more confusion is \"Damadol\"'s story,\" adds the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12299210", "title": "Baby Falak's mother see betrayals and bereavement", "text": "NEW DELHI: As baby Falak's coffin was slowly lowered into the ground, her mother, Munni, sobbed. In a cruel twist of fate, she had been separated from her daughter and had finally lost her to death in tragic circumstances. The shadows lengthened over the Ferozeshah Kotla burial grounds and an inconsolable Munni stood lonely among the motely group of mourners.Munni was told about Falak's death on Thursday night, but it was not until Friday evening that she finally saw her baby's body. She had to attend a hearing at the Saket court in the morning -- this case related to her own plight as a victim of a 'marriage hoax' -- where she stood helpless in front of the judge. And when she finally reached the AIIMS mortuary, she had to wait for hours before the autopsy was done. For Munni, it was an eternal wait to get custody of her dead child. Earlier, she had just seen her baby twice at the hospital.Her second husband, Harpal Singh , was missing at the funeral. Only one of her brothers, Munib, surfaced at the graveyard. \"We lost touch with her for eight years. We did try to contact her when we heard about Falak. And now the baby is dead,\" Munib said. Her two other brothers, who are based in the city, did not attend. And as a shell-shocked Munni slowly walked out of the burial grounds, she did not know what fate had in store.Her family had disintegrated rapidly after she was abandoned by her first husband and lured into a marriage that brought a series of misfortunes. Even her status as a victim could be, in a way, challenged. Sources in the south district police said Munni's role in the baby's death is being investigated.\"Though, we are treating her as a victim, we cannot deny she had left her children behind. Whether she did this willingly or under provocation is being probed,'' an officer said. Munni can be charged with abandoning her child under Section 317 IPC. The police, however, may not slap these charges immediately.Munni had been given custody of Falak by the child welfare committee some weeks ago. She had identified Falak through an MMS sent to her by a police team camping at Muzaffarpur. Her eldest daughter, Sanobar, was also tracked down at her native village, a day after investigators located her in Rajasthan, where she was tricked into a second marriage.Child welfare committee chairperson Raajmangal Prasad has asked the investigators to ensure that inquest proceedings are completed soon.\"The medical officer at AIIMS Trauma Centre will record the circumstances of Falak's death and send a report to the magistrate. The medical officer must submit the report on the actual cause of death,'' he said. The expenses of the burial will be borne by the state government.Prasad also said they will be exploring other options to provide shelter to the mother and her two children if nobody comes out to offer support. Munni and her children are now staying at the Nari Niketan.\"The investigating officer has been asked to contact Harpal Singh, stepfather of the children, before planning their rehabilitation,\" Prasad added.The committee said Delhi Legal Aid counsel will try to see whether the victim compensation fund can cover this family.Even Munni's status as a victim could be challenged. Cops say her role in her baby's death is being probed and case was open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299536", "title": "Commodities transaction tax scan clear, commodity traders sigh with relief", "text": "Commodities traders rejoiced as trading in that segment was kept out of the purview of the transaction tax (CTT) net, something they had apprehended. What added to their celebration was that the hike in the import duty on gold would not impact the futures trading of the yellow metal on the commodities bourses, at least according to them.\"Imported gold would be expensive, but there will not be any impact in the futures market,\" said Anil Mishra, MD, National Multi-Commodity Exchange of India. This is because the prices of the yellow metal are largely driven by sentiments and global cues.The UPA government, in its first innings, had announced the imposition of CTT at 0.017% (Rs 17 on a transaction worth Rs 1 lakh). But it was never levied following opposition and was ultimately scrapped.Initial estimates reveal that, if gold's price is taken to be Rs 30,000 per 10 gram now, after the hike in duty, retail buyers will pay about Rs 30,600 for the same amount. \"Historically, gold demand has been inelastic to price increases. But still, we need to keep a watch on how far the hike in duty affects (retail) consumption,\" said Jayant Manglik, president (retail distribution), Religare Broking.If the GST had been rolled out, commodities traders would have gained and there would have been an increase in volumes - both in the spot as well as futures markets.\"GST would pave the way for pan-India discovery of spot prices. If GST rollout happens, it would be a boost for electronic spot markets,\" said Anjani Sinha, MD, National Spot Exchange.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12299145", "title": "Inflation-oriented inequitous Budget", "text": "NAGPUR: The background of the budget is the situation in 2012-13. By now, the rate of investment has declined from 32.9% of GDP ( Gross Domestic Product) in 2007-08 to 29.3%. The GDP growth has declined from its first estimate for 2011-12 of 8.6 per cent to 6.8 per cent. The fiscal deficit has increased from the target of 4.1% of GDP to 5.5 per cent. The finance minister was in a dilemma on whom to shift the burden of meeting the deficit and distributing the revenue. He has selected the common man.In the railway budget, the freight rate and passenger fares have been increased which falls on the common man and is inflationary. Two days before the budget, the interest rate receivable by the employees on provident fund has been given the deepest cut in a decade hitting six crore families. On top of these, in the budget the direct tax collection (mainly paid by upper classes shows reduction of Rs 4000 crore and collection of indirect taxes (by raising excise duty and service tax) shows an increase of Rs 45,000 crore, again at the expense of common man.There is an unusually increased dependence on external commercial borrowing for infrastructure development although the economic survey has cautioned about disproportionate increase in ECB. The budget proposes to table about half a dozen bills of regulation relating to pension fund, banking, insurance housing, rural banking, public debt etc. to facilitate entry of private sector and foreign capital, to inaugurate the second wave of reforms after 1991-92.Of course, there are some silver linings. The schemes for handloom and powerloom development are very welcome. The centres to be established for skill development would benefit the rural youth in due course. The schemes for agricultural technology, horticulture, dairy, acqua-culture etc. development were much needed.The allocation of Rs 300 crore for development of irrigation in Vidarbha may not be enough but if properly utilized, would help some farmer families to come out of despair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12301252", "title": "A year in jail &amp; fine for Chasnala accused", "text": "DHANBAD: A 37-year long wait for justice ended on Friday when first class judicial magistrate Yogesh Kumar Singh passed his judgment on the Chasnala colliery tragedy which took place on December 27, 1975. On that fateful day, 375 miners were killed in a blast inside the mines, 20 km from here.Singh convicted the then agent and manager of Chasnala colliery, a branch of the Indian Iron and Steel Company (IISCO), with one year's rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000 each. Two other accused in the case, J N Ohri and S K Banerjee, died during the trial. The court also convicted the then agent, planning and group security officer Dipak Sarkar and then manager Ramanuj Bhattacharya to one year RI and fined Rs 5,000 each. However, they were released on bail on Thursday and given one month to file an appeal against the order, if they desired.Pits one and two of the Chasnala colliery got inundated following the blast and five crore gallons of water had entered the mines, killing the entrapped miners, which was the worst coal mine tragdey in Indian history. Submersible pumps were brought from Poland and USSR after a week to pump the water out of the mines. The government appointed U N Sinha, a former chief justice of the Patna high court, to probe the disaster. He submitted his report to the Centre on March 24, 1977. Acting on the report, the government had filed criminal cases against four officials of IISCO and charged them with negligence.Famous film producer Yash Chopra also made a film 'Kala Pathar' on the Chasnala tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12306569", "title": "First session of Punjab assembly from Monday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first session of Punjab assembly, constituted after the recent polls that saw Akali Dal-BJP alliance returning to power, will commence from Monday with the 117 members taking oath.Since the election process has just concluded, the new government headed by veteran Akali Dal leader Parkash Singh Badal will not be presenting a regular budget for 2012-13 and instead will seek a vote-on-account budget on March 28 for first three months of the new financial year.The session will start with oath-taking by new members on the first two days on March 19 and March 20 when the election of the Speaker and the Deputy Speaker will also take place, an assembly release said here today.Former Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha Charanjit Singh Atwal was today administered the oath of Pro-tem Speaker by Punjab Governor Shivraj V Patil.Patil will declare his address on March 21 and obituary references will be taken up on March 22 and a discussion on the Governor's address will take place on March 26 and March 27 and legislative business, if any, will be taken up on March 29.Eighty-five year old SAD patron Parkash Singh Badal was sworn in as Chief Minister of Punjab for a record fifth time heading the SAD-BJP alliance ministry for the second successive term early this week.The SAD-BJP alliance got absolute majority in the 117- member state assembly winning 68 seats (SAD-56, BJP-12).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12306804", "title": "Privilege notice against Arvind Kejriwal for calling MPs 'rapists, murderers'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MP Sajjan Singh Verma has served a privilege notice against Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal for calling MPs \"rapists, murderers and looters\" during an election campaign rally last month.The Lok Sabha Secretariat has sought reply from Kejriwal following the receipt of the notice from Verma, a Congress MP from Madhya Pradesh's Dewas, a Team Anna member said here today.This will be the second time Kejriwal has been served a privilege notice in the past seven months. Earlier in September last year, Kejriwal was served a notice for making \"derogatory\" remarks against Parliamentarians during Hazare's agitation in Ramlila Maidan in August.In his notice, Verma has mentioned Kejriwal's speech in a rally in Ghaziabad last month in which he called MPs \"rapists, murderers and looters\", evoking sharp reactions from politicians.\"In this Parliament, 163 members have cases of heinous offences against them. In this Parliament, rapists are sitting, murderers and looters are sitting. How can you expect Jan Lokpal Bill to be passed by Parliament? How can you expect that you can get reprieve from poverty and corruption,\" Kejriwal had said on February 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299471", "title": "FM fails to bond with debt market", "text": "Bond prices fell on Friday as the money market saw its worst fears coming true in terms of an oversized government borrowing. Sentiment for the rupee, however, improved as the Budget had several measures to encourage dollar flows and control demand.The yield on the 10-year government bond shot up almost 10 basis points to close at the day's high of 8.42%. Bond dealers forecast that yields could rise to 8.5% by end-March. In terms of the Budget proposals unveiled by the finance minister on Friday, the net government borrowing in 2012-13 will be Rs 4.79 lakh crore as against Rs 4.36 lakh crore last year. The increase in bond yields would hit banks' profits and keep pressures on interest rates.\"The high borrowing announced by the government is a negative for the bond market. The market had been hoping that there would be some political policy move towards fiscal consolidation. What has come out is a normal income and expenditure statement,\" said Ashish Vaidya, head of fixed income currency and commodities trading at UBS India. He said that given the demand for funds from government, bond yields could go up to 8.5% by end-March.In the forex market, the rupee firmed up to 50.19 against the dollar after the FM doubled import duty on gold to 4%. This is expected to stem the demand for dollar. \"I think the volatility in the rupee has been contained and it should be range-bound at around 49.50 to 50 levels. Given that the rupee has been largely tracking the euro, I don't expect the Budget to have any major impact on the exchange rate,\" said Hariprasad M P, head of treasury at Centrum. Gold accounts for over 12% of India's imports and continued demand for the yellow metal puts pressure on the current account.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12299015", "title": "Cops nab two with country-made gun", "text": "YAVATMAL: Local police on Wednesday arrested two youths from Tarpur and recovered a country made pistol from their possession. Sub-inspector Nilesh Brahmne on receiving a tip-off along with his team intercepted the Scorpio the youths were travelling in with the recovered weapon.The youths who previously were tight-lipped spilled the beans and disclosed their identity after they were subjected to intense questioning. Niranjan Thakur (32), of Shahid Bhagatsingh Chowk, Khamgaon, and Mahendrasingh Thakur (32), of Dessara Chowk, Shegaon, had collected the weapon in Butibori from an unidentified person from Chhattisgarh and were on their way back to Khamgaon via Yavatmal.The arrested duo revealed to the police that the pistol was supposed to be given to Kalpesh Vohra and Rakesh Sharma of Khamgaon. Vohra and Sharma allegedly sent the duo to collect the pistol and asked them to hand it over to its 'owner', police said.\"Things will be clear only after we arrest Vohra and Sharma,\" said Brahmne who added that both the accused have been produced before a court which sent them to police custody till March 19. A police team has already been sent to Khamgaon to arrest Vohra and Sharma.Earlier, cops had exposed an interstate gang of bike lifters and recovered over 100 motor bikes from the persons to whom they sold the vehicles. The cops arrested six persons including Vikramsingh Thakur of Shegaon who is alleged to have facilitated the sale of the vehicles. Interestingly, one of the two arrested with the country made gun is brother of Vikramsingh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12298885", "title": "Budget fails to enliven Vidarbha", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Union Budget 2012-13 was strongly criticized by farm activists in the cotton heartland of Vidhabha who believe the budget has no solace for the poor farmers. People from other sectors too felt it was disappointing.Farm activist Kishore Tiwari, president of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti, said, \"It has disappointed every one. The announcement of Rs 300 crore for annihilating the irrigation backlog of Vidarbha is nothing but a calculated joke at the dying farmers in the dry land. In fact, there is an irrigation backlog involving Rs 40,000 crore.\"Vice-president of district chamber of commerce and the founder president of MIDC Industrialists Association Chandrashekhar Mor said that Budget failed to provide any mechanism to stall the spiralling prices of essential commodities. \"Each and every item will become dearer and the common man will have to bear the burden,\" he said.Chartered accountant Prakash Chopda praised the minor exercise done to give tax relief to the employed middle class. \"The Budget gives a minimum of Rs 2,000 and a maximum of Rs 22,000 tax relief to the tax payers besides allowing relief of Rs 10,000 on the interest on the savings bank accounts which is not adequate to achieve the expected tax relief,\" he said. He lauded the FinMin for introducing a new health scheme by way of giving exemption on the expenses to the tune of Rs 5000 incurred on 'preventive health check-up'.He also criticized the introduction of 'Tax Deduction at Source (TDS)' on the transfer of immovable property as it would create problem for the realtors and the needy property owners needing urgent cash. The Union Budget has brought all the services under service tax scheme other than those enlisted in the negative list. The widening of the service tax from 10% to 12% will hit every body hard, he said.A leading IT lawyer Anil Atal has found nothing new in Budget-2012. There is no mechanism to ascertain if the fund allocated for the newly-introduced government schemes is properly and purposefully utilized. The government announced many welfare schemes in its budget every year but no body knows if the fund is allotted and utilized to achieve the objectives, he added.A minimal income tax relief is given to the people with one hand and the FinMin has cleverly taken back it with the other hand by way of hiking the excise and service tax, Atal further said.The Budget is meant for the nation's development and people's welfare then why the secrecy? he questioned and demanded making the Budget proposal public at least three months prior to its presentation and a debate thereafter so that the drawbacks in it can be identified and rectified. \"The Budget with an alarming deficit of Rs 1.85 lakh crore can never be a populist budget and it would by no means be acceptable to the common man,\" Atal said. Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "12304640", "title": "Three girls buried alive", "text": "BEGUSARAI: Three girls were buried alive under a mound of earth and another injured at Bagha village in Bihar's Begusarai district today, police said.The girls were digging when a mound of earth caved in and trapped them, the police said.Locals assisted policemen to removed the mud and extricated the bodies of the three girls, aged between 12 and 14 years.The injured girl was admitted to a hospital, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12308525", "title": "'Management is now indispensable in justice delivery'", "text": "RANCHI: Given the huge stock pile of pending cases before the courts, proper case management has become indispensable in Indian judicial system.With this observation Madras high court Chief Justice M Y Eqbal addressed judges, judicial officials and advocates at a conference on case management and plea bargaining organized by Jharkhand State Legal Services Authority (Jhalsa) here on Saturday.He said that the pace of case disposal depends on courts and individual judges. However, certain pre-emptive steps referred as management can cut short procedural time and speed up disposal. \"Presiding judges should maintain a timetable and stick to them and those responsible for distribution of cases to different courts should keep an eye on the rate of disposal of cases so that one court is not overburdened,\" he said.Having studied pendency of cases in Jharkhand courts recently, he said that 53,747 civil cases and 2,38,745 criminal cases are pending before the courts whereas no record for civil miscellaneous cases were available. \"The root of the problem begins when there is delay in disposal of civil miscellaneous cases and the main suit remains held up,\" he said.Citing example from Madras high court, he said that once when they picked up civil miscellaneous cases, they found more than 60,000 injunction petitions and over 46,000 receiver petitions pending whereas they are supposed to be disposed within 30 days. \"Similar nature of delay was observed in case of substitution petitions as well,\" he said, giving some technical tips how to dispose such petitions in time-bound manner.Quoting Justice Krishna Aiyyar, Eqbal said that management in judiciary was worse than a grocery shop and required immediate correction. \"A lot has been done to speed up case disposal still individual effort and sticking to certain standard procedures can effectively minimize the time consumed in disposal of cases in average,\" he said.Prior to him, Jharkhand high court Chief Justice Prakash Tantia said that the state is fortunate to have lesser litigations in comparison to states like Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. \"We can set things correct with minimal effort and I would like to ensure that the speedy disposal of cases remains priority of every judge,\" he said. Tantia clarified that there is difference between court management and case management as the former involves court, court staff, advocates and tout who try to delay proceedings deliberately. \"We are concentrating on case management that is prerogative of an individual dealing with the cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12304044", "title": "2G scam: Ruias, Khaitans told to appear in court 'in their interests'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Essar Group promoters Anshuman and Ravi Ruia , accused in a case flowing out of the 2G scam , were on Saturday directed by a Delhi court to appear in person before it with a warning they would suffer if they do not do so.The warning came from special CBI Judge O P Saini after the Ruias and Loop Telecom promoters I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan also failed to turn up at the hearing on Saturday.\"It would be better and in their interest to appear before the court. People do not follow my advice and then they suffer,\" the special CBI Judge said after they did not appear personally before him and were represented by their lawyers.The judge allowed their plea for exemption from personal appearance for the day after their counsel said the matter regarding jurisdiction of the special court in taking cognisance of the CBI charge sheet against them was pending in the Supreme Court.The court has now listed the matter for further hearing on March 31.During the hearing, senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for Ruias, said hearing in the apex court would continue in the next week.\"The hearing in the Supreme Court on jurisdiction has started and it (hearing) is kept for next Friday. Kindly give us three weeks time,\" Rohatgi said.The court, however, said it would not give time to them on the ground that matter is pending before the Supreme Court.\"You will get the time but not on this count (that matter is pending in the apex court) only,\" the court said.On this, Rohatgi said the accused were seeking exemption on the similar grounds which they had cited on February 22 when they had sought exemption from appearance in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300494", "title": "Court orders issuance of notices to 'Lajja' cast", "text": "KANPUR: Additional District Judge-First (ADJ-First), Ramabai Nagar, on Friday ordered to issue notices to all actors and actresses of 'Lajja', a film based on Bhawanipur incident of Kanpur Dehat.Rejecting the submission of complainant Ram Swarup's counsel, presiding judge Rakesh Kumar observed that it would be judicious and justified to send notices to eight actors and director of the film, instead of issuing non-bailable warrant against them. Since the matter is almost a decade-old and counsel for defense had already pleaded that he had no contact with them since the last 10 or more years, the court would sent a notice intimating them about the next date of hearing as April 20. Moreover, the high court had also not directed to issue NBW against the accused.The district court of Ramabai Nagar (then Kanpur Dehat), had issued notices to the complainant and defence counsels to appear before the court on March 15, and in compliance of that order, counsel for both parties had appeared in the court on Friday.According to case file, Ram Swarup had filed a complaint on September 19, 2001, that the police had registered a false case under Sections 147/302/342/323 IPC against him and his family members in the gang rape and murder of Siya Dulari. The case is pending in the court.Siya Dulari was gang-raped and burnt to death by enraged villagers in Bhawanipur in Kanpur Dehat as her son Surendra, belonging to Siya caste, had married a Yadav girl, Usha Yadav. The incident, according to Raj Kumar Santoshi, had inspired him to make a film, 'Lajja', which had been screened all over the country.The complainant had filed case against Santoshi, actors Anil Kapoor , Jackey Shroff, Ajay Devgan, Rekha , Manisha Koirala , Madhuri Dixit and Mahima Chaudhary and claimed that all the seven had played role in that film.Then Additional District and Sessions Judge (First) of Kanpur Dehat J P Agarwal had issued non-bailable warrants against Anil Kapoor, Jackie Shroff , Ajay Devgan, Rekha, Manisha Koirala, Madhuri Dikshit, Mahima Chaudhary and Santoshi in a criminal contempt case.The judge had also directed the police commissioner, Mumbai, to serve warrants on the accused and return them by November 11, 2001, to the court. He had also directed the police commissioner to appoint a reliable officer to serve the warrants.Ajay Devgan filed a petition before the high court under Section 482 CrPC and submitted that case against him and entire cast be dropped. The high court had restrained the lower court to try the suit till further order and since then hearing of the case was suspended. The case was listed at High court on October 25, 2010, under the heading of likely to be in fructuous. The court rejected the petition of Ajay Devgan and ordered to return the file to the trial court to restart the proceedings.A Z Kaleem Jaycee earlier in the morning moved an application before the court that the matter was 11-year-old and in that period clients were not in contact with him. Moreover, they had not paid his counsel fee during the previous proceedings. Therefore, order of the high court be sent directly to the defending parties.Complainant's counsel had objected and urged that the case was stayed when the court had issued NBW against the accused. Since case was now once again started, the court should start its proceedings from previous one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12301352", "title": "17-year-old student commits suicide", "text": "SINDRI: An intermediate student of Sindri College, 17-year-old Rakhi, committed suicide by setting herself ablaze at her Patherdih Loco Bazar residence on Thursday night. Her badly charred body was recovered from the toilet of the house.According to Surendra Prasad, the officer in-charge of Sudamdih Police Station, the family members of the girl informed police that Rakhi had gone to bed after dinner on the night of the incident. At around 1.30 am, she went to the toilet with a kerosene lamp. On hearing her frantic screams, her mother went there to find her daughter burnt badly.According to the victim's family members, they tried wrapping her in blankets but to no avail as she had already succumbed to the burns. It was learnt from the father, who works in the railways' carriage department, that frequent illness had made her depressed.The dead body has been sent to Dhanbad for autopsy, informed the officer in-charge, and added that police were treating it as a case of suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299175", "title": "Budget 2012: Star ratings", "text": "* I'm glad the FM has announced a hike in the budget for free and compulsory education to children below 14 years. The only way to empower the youth is by providing them the right to education and the right education. The entertainment industry has sought a service tax waiver for the last few years. I'm glad this has been touched on in this budget. It is a way forward for us - Kareena Kapoor* For nation building, the key sectors are education and health. I'm happy that there is some sort of focus in the budget on both these sectors. While economic growth is an important aspect for a country, no growth can be sustained if we don't pay enough attention to education and health as these are the key differentiators. The reduction in cost of life-saving drugs is a very positive step - AAMIR Khan* We are thrilled the service tax will now not be applicable on copyrights relating to recording of cinematograph films. This will provide relief to the M&E; industry. We are thankful to the finance and I&B; ministers for accepting the industry demand to excempt service tax on copyrights relating to the recording of cinematrography films. While we are yet to read the fine print, this will cheer the industry as we celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema in 2013 - Karan Johar* The future of a country is dependent on its children, their well-being and education. I am very happy that the FM has given importance and due prominence to education and health. Also, the FM plans to set up a committee to ensure that every paisa spent on the social sector and education gets monitored. This will help the funds reach the correct hands and the ministry would be able to monitor the effectiveness of the plan - Priyanka Chopra* Overall, the budget is extremely realistic and positive. The FM has recommended several positive initiatives in education and health sectors. But I am happy that interest rates have been reduced for affordable housing projects. An individual who is starting out in life can look at buying a new house within a budget of Rs 25 lakh at a lower interest rate. This will encourage people starting out in life - Deepika Padukone* The upping of the tax slab to Rs 2 lakh is a positive step. For those starting their careers, every thousand rupee counts; this step would certainly come as a relief to them. But I personally feel the tax exemption limit should be set higher as the basic cost of living, especially in metros, has risen dramatically. The finance ministry can actually increase its focus on youth and provide them more benefits. It will help in community building. More than half of our population is young and that should somewhere reflect in our budgets - Imran khanBudget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12298390", "title": "Budget 2012: Ramesh gains, aam admi loses", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-hyped job guarantee scheme seems to have stabilized, with Union budget reducing the allocation after six years of sustained hikes.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announced Rs 33,000 crore as MGNREGA allocation, down from 40,000 crore earmarked last year. The total allocation for rural development schemes has gone up to Rs 99,000 crore.The downgrading of job scheme was unthinkable in past six years, when Congress positioned job scheme as its key aam aadmi policy measure. While observers said MGNREGA is allocation-neutral since it is a legal guarantee and expenditure incurred has to be met irrespective of funds, Congress has used higher allocations in the war of perceptions to position itself as an aam aadmi party.The reduced allocation seems to be based on the fall in expenditure in 2011-12 that cost Rs 31,000 crore to the exchequer.Rural Development minister Jairam Ramesh said the financial cut was aimed to set right the inflated labour budgets sent by states like Jharkhand and West Bengal that they were unable to spend. \"But the Centre would have to provide whatever cost the demand-driven MGNREGA incurs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12305353", "title": "Former CPM MP arrested from Mumbai in Nandigram murder case", "text": "KOLKATA: Former CPM MP and Haldia strongman Laksman Seth has been arrested from Chembur in Mumbai early on Saturday along with his two party colleagues Amiya Sahoo, a former MLA and Ashok Guria by the officers of Bengal CID. All three were arrested in connection with Nandigram \" recapture\" operation where the armed CPM cadres allegedly recaptured Nandigram from the hands of Trinamool Congress led anti-land acquisition movement activists and allegedly murdered six of them in November 2007.With the change of guard in the state, Trinamool Congress asked state CID to reopen the case and following the investigation CID submitted charge sheet against 88 CPM leaders and cadres including Laksman Seth on January 30.According to the charge sheet CID accused all 88 persons for murder, abduction, conspiracy and suppression of evidence. In the CID charge sheet Laksman was shown absconding and on Saturday a special team of CID traced Seth and his party colleagues at a guest house in Chembur area of Mumbai. With the help of Chempur police, they were picked up and in the afternoon they will be produced before a local to take them back to Kolkata in transit remand.CID charge sheet accused Seth for conspiracy of the 'recapture' operation which continued for five days from November 6 to November 10. Following the successful re capture operation then CPM leadership had described it as \"Sunrise in Nandigram\".Lakshman is the second senior CPM leader who has been arrested in TMC regime. Earlier former state minister and present Garbeta MLA Sushanta Ghosh was rounded up by CID in connection with the murder of seven Trinamool Congress activists. After spending nearly six months behind the bars Ghosh is now released on bail. CPM leadership however said that the party will stand by their leaders", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12299277", "title": "Minister denies land sold to Ford cheap", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ford India Private Limited was sold a piece of land in Sanand at the rate of Rs 1,100 per square meter. This, according to the state government, is more than the existing government jantri rate in the area.In a reply to the question of Porbandar MLA Arjun Modhwadia, revenue minister Anandiben Patel said that the land jantri rate was Rs 900 per sq meter for residential and Rs 1,000 for commercial.Moreover, the price of land for the company was decided by a committee headed by the state's chief secretary.Modhwadia had claimed that the area was situated on the outskirts of the city and that the land was given at a subsidized rate since the prevalent property rate was Rs 11000 per square metre. He sought to know if the government was willing to consider the present market rate for Ford India.Patel replied that had it not been the Nano project the land prices would never have come up in the area.The minister added that Maruti has moved an application on Novermber 1, 2011, demanding land in Hansalpur in Ahmedabad. She also added that Peugeot had not sought any land from the revenue department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12298511", "title": "Gas cylinder theft stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Two gas cylinders worth Rs 2,000 were reported stolen on March 12.In a complaint filed by Anil Avhad, resident of Prashant bungalow, in Murkute Colony, Gangapur Road , the complainant said the theft occurred on the night of March 12.Two more gas cylinders were reported stolen from Samartha Nagar in Pathardi Shivar area from a locked belonging to one resident Lalita Dixit, of Samartha Nagar on the night of March 14. Cash worth Rs 5000 was also stolen in the same incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12301251", "title": "Tax law expert named additional advocate-general", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government on Friday appointed corporate and tax law expert P H Arvindh Pandian, son of AIADMK leader P H Pandian, as the additional advocate-general of the state in the Madras HC.The state already has an advocate-general and four additional advocate-generals , including the one representing the state in the Supreme Court.Pandian joined a leading tax law firm here in 1994 and set up a private practice in 2002. He is a specialist editor of a Wadhwa &amp; Company publication 'The Guide to the Companies Act' and co-author of 'Guide to Takeovers &amp; Merger' . He is a mediation specialist trained at Harvard Negotiation Institute.His father P H Pandian, a former MP, is at present organizing secretary of the AIADMK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300195", "title": "Budget 2012: Staying wired will byte your walllet", "text": "Personal computing gadgets and accessories, including desktops, laptops, tablets, printers, UPS and mobile phones, will cost more thanks to a hike in excise duty from 10% to 12%.S Rajendran, chief marketing officer of Acer India, said if you were planning to buy a Rs 25,000 PC, the price would be higher by Rs 500. \"The prices of all our PC products will rise by 2% because of the excise duty increase. For imported products, the countervailing duty will rise by 2 percentage points, so the prices of even those will increase by the same extent,\" he added.Sabyasachi Patra, executive director at the Manufacturer's Association of Information Technology, said the prices of services provided by hardware providers, such as maintenance, would also now increase because of the service tax increase from 10% to 12%.Over the last one year, PC demand has slowed down significantly because of rising prices on account of the rupee depreciation and shortage of hard disk imports resulting from the Thailand floods. A majority of the IT hardware products in India have a large proportion of imported components. The higher taxes now are expected to further dampen demand.Vinay Deshpande, CEO of Encore Software, maker of products like Simputer, said the removal of customs duty on LCD panels would have a marginally positive impact, but that would be largely negated by the higher excise duty and service tax.Patra said the service tax increase could also increase the prices of personal software products.For India's much vaunted IT services industry, the absence of any new tax saving announcements means that the smaller companies among them will likely suffer a setback. The 10-year tax holiday scheme has expired, and the imposition of the 18.5% minimum alternate tax (MAT) on SEZs has increased the tax incidence on the entire sector, industry body Nasscom said. Smaller companies would be particularly impacted because they would find rentals in SEZs, which offer tax advantages, too prohibitive.However, the allocation of Rs 14,000 crore to the UID-Aaadhar project would mean fresh contracts for IT firms. The introduction of the advance pricing agreements, which sets the transfer price of the covered transactions prospectively between the taxpayer and tax authorities, will aid in the reduction of a huge amount of litigation.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12300475", "title": "Kerala will gain from the budget, says K M Chandrasekhar", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Dr K M Chandrasekhar, vice-chairman, state planning board, has termed the Union budget a sober effort.\"This is a mature and sober budget which looks into all aspects of growth. Kerala is set to gain a lot from these budgetary allocations, as the state always had a higher growth rate compared to the rest of the state,\" said the seasoned bureaucrat.He added: \"Since this budget advocated reforms in financial sector in terms of maturing bond and capital market we are to gain a lot from these initiatives. The stress in public infrastructure funding will provide an impetus to the upcoming infrastructure projects in the state.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12308642", "title": "Man arrested in murder case", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city police arrested Jayanta Nath (31) on Friday night in Panbazar in connection with the murder of tea vendor Khargeshwar Mahanta, who died after he was beaten by Nath during an argument on March 4. An officer at the in Panbazar PS said: \"We arrested him from his residence at Ranibari. He was absconding since the killing. He has confessed to his crime.\"On March 4, Jayant and his friends were in a hotel when they threw a glass of water through the window, which coincidentally fell on Khargeshwar in his tea stall outside. They got into an argument before Jayanta hit him. \"I punched him and he fell on the wall and died. I didn't hit him to kill him, it was an odd accident. I am prepared for whatever punishment the court deems suitable,\" Jayanta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12299823", "title": "Budget 2012: Prevention finds a better lure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Preventive healthcare scored a high in this year's Budget - be it pushing people to go for an early diagnosis or protecting children against known killers like pneumonia by ensuring vaccine security.Now, undergoing a preventive health check-up will help a consumer save tax up to Rs 5, 000. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee also pushed for setting up of the new Integrated Vaccine Unit near Chengalpattu (Chennai) at an estimated cost of Rs 594 crore.The unit will produce six important vaccines like Hepatitis B, pentavalent vaccine, Japanese Encephalitis, measles, HIB and anti-rabies for the Universal Immunization Programme that targets 2.7 crore infants and 3 crore pregnant women every year. The FM explained that the move would not only enhance vaccine security but also insulate vaccine prices from arbitrary escalation.Iodine deficiency disorders (IDD) that affects 71 million Indians and the leading cause of mental retardation, received particular mention.The minister proposed a concessional basic customs duty of 2.5% along with reduced excise duty of 6% on iodine. Every year 13 million children are born in India unprotected from brain damage caused by iodine deficiency. Plans are afoot to bring down prevalence of IDD below 5% across India by 2017.Probiotics - a relatively new concept where good bacteria available in the form of fermented milk helps maintain the natural balance of microflora in our intestines - too got a surprise push. The basic customs duty on probiotics will be reduced from 10% to 5%.Overall, fund allocation for the health sector recorded a paltry 14% increase in 2012-13 to Rs 30, 477 from Rs 26,760 crore.The National Rural Health Mission, touted as UPA's flagship programme, saw a hike in its allocation from Rs 18, 115 crore to Rs 20, 822 crore. Allocation for department of health and family welfare was increased from Rs 23, 560 crore to Rs 27, 127 crore.The department of AYUSH (Indian traditional systems of medicine) and human resources saw an overall increase of 10%, while the allocation for India's National Aids Control Organization (NACO) remained stagnant at Rs 1, 700 crore. Basic customs duty on soya protein concentrate and isolated soya protein reduced from 30% or 15%, respectively, to 10%. Excise duty on all processed soya food products reduced to 6% to combat protein deficiency among women and children.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300417", "title": "Union Budget: More funds provide varsities a breather", "text": "KOCHI: Financial assistance for universities will provide much-needed reprieve for varsities in the state which are in the midst of a financial crisis.The budgetary decision to set up a credit guarantee fund for educational loans will lower the burden of students facing financial constraints. It will be especially relevant in Kerala's context. \"This would enable even poor students to take loans,\" said D Rajasenan, director, centre for the study of social exclusion and inclusive policy (CSSEIP), Cochin University of Science and Technology. According to bank officials, the credit guarantee fund is expected to be on the lines set up for the small and medium scale industries. \"As of now students can take loan of up to 4 lakh without collaterals and 7.5 lakh with external guarantee, but this fund will help the banks as the default on loan repayment will be met by the credit guarantee fund,\" said K Santosh, assistant general manager, Central Bank of India, Kochi.Rajasenan felt that there has to be more investment in infrastructure and modernisation if the state was targeting an enrolment of 20-30 %. \"I don`t think that the ministry of human resources is actually utilising the three percent funds from educational cess,\" he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , B udget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300311", "title": "PMCH eye bank remains non-functional", "text": "PATNA: Even as an unit of the eye bank has been in existence on the Patna Medical College Hospital (PMCH) campus for the last 10 years, it has remained non-functional. Under the circumstances, no one has yet donated his or her eye to the bank either for research or for the needy.This came to light when animal husbandry and fishery resources department minister Giriraj Singh responded to a short-notice question of Vinod Narayan Jha (BJP) on behalf of health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey in the state assembly here on Friday.Incidentally, Jha in his query had noted that Netra Jyoti Sewa Mandirm Veerayatan -- a voluntary group -- has been running an eye bank at Rajgir, while the government has a proposal to start another eye bank on the campus of the Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS). He added that many willing people have not been able to donate their eyes at the PMCH unit as it has remained non-functional over the years.The minister said the government was concerned about strengthening the eye bank at PMCH. He said the government also decided to launch a social awareness campaign to lure people to donate their eyes. to the bank.Responding to supplementary of Sadanand Singh (Congress) and Shrawan Kumar (JD-U), Giriraj said the posts of staff have been sanctioned for the unit at PMCH and a search was also on to appoint a technician, which would be completed in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12300756", "title": "No breakthrough yet in Rahim Uchil attack case", "text": "MANGALORE: City police are yet to make a breakthrough in the case pertaining to attempt-to-murder of Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy chairman Rahim Uchil, 40, here on Thursday. Uchil was attacked by two miscreants with sharp weapons inside the academy office. His condition on Friday was said to be better, and he has gained consciousness, giving police hope that they could get the description or the identity of the persons who attacked him.The police have constituted four teams to probe the case. A police officer said that it was still not clear whether there were just two persons or four in the incident.\"After we nab one of them, we will be able to get that information and piece together what was the motive behind it,\" the officer said. When the attack took place on Thursday afternoon, of the four others employees - registrar Umarabba, clerks Vidya Nayak, Khateeja and attender Sathish Rai - only Sathish was present. Uchil, who had assumed the charge of the academy chairman on February 6, had announced several new proposals including constructing a cultural centre using the state government funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12299622", "title": "CCMC chief, deputy submit resignations", "text": "MARGAO: Curchorem-Cacora municipal council (CCMC) chairperson Alifa Fernandes and deputy Baburao Fatto Dessai, have submitted their resignations.Sources said two councillors Patricia Fernandes and Carmelina Fernandes have switched over their affiliations to the BJP camp, rendering the ruling group to a minority in the 12-member council. Following the last council elections, seven councillors had pledged their affiliation to the then Curchorem MLA Shyam Satardekar enabling Congress to hold sway over the civic body. As Patricia and Carmelina had canvassed for the newly elected Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral, they strayed into the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "nagaon (assam)", "code": "12307260", "title": "72 suspected Bangladeshi nationals offloaded from train", "text": "NAGAON (Assam): Around 72 suspected Bangladeshi nationals were offloaded from a train and detained in Assam's Nagaon district today, police said.The passengers were travelling in the Rajyarani Express, which runs from Dhubri to Silghat in Nagaon district, and when the train stopped at Jakhalabanda station, the co-passengers reported the matter to police.The border police was accordingly informed and the passengers taken into custody. They have been asked to furnish documents to prove their nationality, police said.Claiming to be daily wage labourers, the passengers said they were on their way to Silghat to find work at some construction site near the world-famed Kaziranga National Park.Meanwhile, the All Assam Students' Union (AASU) and Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad (AJYCP) stopped the train for more than three hours at Jakhalabanda station while it was on its way back to Dhubri in the evening demanding that railway authorities should stop such Bangladeshi nationals from boarding the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303025", "title": "It\u2019s not Pushpakavimanam", "text": "The Beautiful team - Anoop Menon, Jayasurya and director V K Prakash will be uniting again for their next movie, Trivandrum Lodge, which was earlier called Pushpakavimanam.Anoop Menon will be handling the script , again. \"The movie will not be a run-of the-mill one and will have a different theme and story, like my earlier movies,\" says Prakash. However, the lead heroine of the movie has not yet been finalised.\"Today, viewers want films that are realistic, and that explains the success of movies like Traffic, Beautiful and many more. The trend has continued in 2012 with Ee Adutha Kalathu. I hope it stays that way,\" says Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12299355", "title": "Plea against helmet directive", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday ordered notice to the authorities including the state home secretary, Madurai city police commissioner and superintendent of police (SP), Madurai on a plea to make wearing of helmet optional.When the petition filed in this regard by Guruvijian came up for hearing before the bench comprising Justice A Selvam and Justice K Ravichandra Baabu, the additional government pleader T S Mohammed Mohideen submitted that following a judgement delivered by a division bench of the high court, the state government passed an order on December 13, 2011 making helmet as compulsory in the city.Following the GO, wearing of helmets was made compulsory.After hearing his submission, the judges also directed him to file a counter-affidavit to the petition.In the petition, Guruvijian, state executive committee member of the BSP, said the GO was implemented three weeks back and the policemen collected spot fines from those driving without helmets.He contended that due to compulsory helmet wearing, it creates several health problems.\"The public opinion was not sought before enforcing this regulation\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300091", "title": "Chavan aims to root out water mafia", "text": "MUMBAI: With water theft from civic pipelines on the rise, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has expressed concern over the menace of tanker mafia in stealing water from BMC pipelines.In a reply to the legislative council during the ongoing budget session, Chavan promised enforcing guidelines for tankers drawing water from private wells and ensuring that the guilty are punished. He also promised that Mumbai will be tanker-free in the coming years.\"There are guidelines for drawing water from authorized filling points within housing societies, but some tankers draw water from private wells and BMC pipelines illegally. We are thinking of enacting rules to monitor tankers and probe if officials are involved,\" said Chavan.The CM said the government would explore possibilities of raising traffic fines for tankers which stand on the roadside and fill water without permission. Shiv Sena MLC Diwakar Raote said tankers line up every day in Dadar to fill water and are let off after they pay a meagre fine of Rs 150.Congress's Bhai Jagtap said tankers are needed in hilly areas where BMC water does not reach and while most tankers from the 14 filling points in the city are recorded, those drawing from private wells have no records. \"A noting of tankers should be made at the destination point as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12299096", "title": "Girl rushes out of exam hall, falls", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 12 student sustained multiple fractures when she fell from the first floor of her school building in Chetpet on Friday after rushing out of her classroom in the middle of her physics board examination, triggering alarm and confusion with conflicting versions on whether the incident was an accident or attempted suicide.Classmates of the 17-year-old girl, a student of Seva Sadan Higher Secondary School who had scored 92% in her Class 10 examinations, said she appeared to be rattled by the paper.\"She complained to the invigilator that it had several unfamiliar questions,\" one classmate said. \"She ran out of the classroom and then we heard her scream in pain.\"Several students said they heard the girl's screaming around 11am, an hour after the examination began. \"After that everything was quiet. Some said she had attempted suicide,\" a student said.Sources said the invigilator scolded the girl when she complained about the paper. \"She was acutely embarrassed. She dashed out of the exam hall and jumped over the parapet wall,\" a source said.However, school officials maintained that the girl's fall was an accident. A senior school official said the girl was trying to vomit but slipped and fell over the parapet wall to the ground below. \"The girl was rushed to Prashant Hospital on Harrington Road as she had fractures,\" he said. \"The invigilator tried to rescue her but it was too late.\"The police registered the case as an accident. \"We have registered the case as an accidental fall,\" Chetpet police station inspector D. Purushothaman confirmed, adding that the girl is a resident of Brindavan Street in Chetpet.However, sources pointed out that the parapet wall was four feet high. \"The claim by school officials that she slipped and fell over the parapet wall is far-fetched,\" a source said.Parents hurried to the school shortly after the incident as news quickly spread of a child being injured in a mishap. However, the school gates were closed and when school officials refused to allow them inside, the parents were outraged.\"This is ridiculous. Why did they close the gates only today? The school officials are up to something fishy,\" said Leena Joseph, a parent.\"What are they trying to hide from us? I want to take my daughter home,\" another parent shouted. There was pandemonium outside the school, with a traffic jam caused by cars being parked all over the place by the worried parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300414", "title": "Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen seeks info on banning ritual", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday adjourned the hearing on a PIL seeking a ban on the Made Made Snana ritual near the Subramanya shrine in Dakshina Kannada district. The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen wanted to know whether there are any instances where the courts banned a religious practice. The next hearing is on Tuesday.\"Banning children from the ritual can be considered. But how can we ban others if they undertake it voluntarily? Is there any decision where the courts banned such practices?\" the bench wanted to know from the counsel representing the petitioners.The counsel described the practice as pernicious and against the spirit enunciated in the Constitution which speaks about imbibing the scientific spirit. They also said the practice is against human dignity. The counsel also said the saliva in the leftover food can cause various communicable diseases like tuberculosis and cholera to persons who roll on them. 'Made Snana' is a ritual in which people roll on plantain leaves off which Brahmins have had a meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12299537", "title": "Solar sector\u2019s shining with duty waiver", "text": "JAIPUR: In what will provide a boost to the solar energy sector, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee abolished the countervailing duty (CVD) on import of equipment used in solar thermal power projects.\"The CVD was an anomaly given the zero duty on photovoltaic equipment and the government has rightfully corrected this in the budget,\" said Kishore Khaitan, former chairman of CII, Rajasthan.Rajasthan will be one of the main beneficiaries as the state has taken a lead in bagging a bigger chunk of capacity addition under the national solar mission allocation last December.Khaitan said it made little sense for the government to continue with the duty as it is providing the viability gap funding for the generation of solar power.As the country looks to get high-yielding and efficient technologies available in the western world, the move will be a confidence booster for entrepreneurs looking to invest,\" said R K Poddar, former chairman of the CII's Rajasthan chapter.India, which is depending on conventional sources of energy, and imports almost 80% of its crude oil requirements, has shown the urgency to tap the abundant solar potential of the country with a target of 22,000 megawatt power from green sources under its renewable energy mission by 2020.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12300883", "title": "Special trips on mountain rail to start from April 14", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: To accommodate more tourists in Nilgiris during the summer season, special trips will be in operation on the Nilgiris Mountain Railway (NMR) between Mettupalayam and Ooty.The summer special mountain railway trip is likely to commence from April 14 and continue at least for two months, according to Deepak Krishan, General Manager, Southern Railways. With two coaches boarded by SR officials, a special-inspection-run of the second oil-fired indigenous engine was conducted by Krishnan from Mettupalayam to Coonoor on Friday.\"Rolling out of the second indigenous engine got delayed due to a few problems in the first indigenous engine that was resolved at the Trichy Golden Rock workshop before it was released,\" said Krishan. The second engine rolled out from Golden Rock workshop on February 6. It never failed during trial runs in the past one month, said Krishan.The loco is to complete the final stage of trials to haul at least three passenger coaches initially. Capacity wise, the new engine has the power to haul four coaches. Apart from three Swiss made X-class old engines the heritage section has been added with two new oil-fired locos.When questioned about taking special care of the NMR section, Krishan said, \"A study will be conducted on the heritage section and if required, an exclusive body will be deputed\". However, according to NMR lovers the heritage section is losing its charm gradually due to lack of proper maintenance .He also said that a halt at Runneymede station did not attract much response. However, according to K Natarajan, Managing Trustee, Heritage Steam Chariot Trust, without conducting trial runs, the Southern Railway can't say that the proposal to halt at Runneymede didn't receive much response. Apart from two new locos in the NMR section, two more metre-gauge oil-fired steam locos are being manufactured at the Golden Rock railway workshop in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12299834", "title": "Mapusa civic chief loses no-trust motion", "text": "MAPUSA: The chairperson of the Mapusa Municipal Council (MMC) Ashish Shirodkar lost the no-confidence motion against him on Friday. Eight councillors voted in favour of the motion while seven abstained from voting in the 15-member council. Though it is yet to be decided who will be the next chairperson, sources said that Sandeep Falari and Sudhir Kandolkar are the front-runners for the post.The eight councillors had accused him of non-cooperation, failure in gaining confidence of fellow councillors and protecting and promoting illegalities in the council's administration. Accordingly a special council meeting was convened to discuss the motion by the presiding officer, Bardez deputy collector Jayant Tari. The motion was put to vote by a show of hands. Eight councillors voted in favour of the motion while seven others abstained from voting, all were present though. The motion was passed by 8-0 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12308484", "title": "Lawyers\u2019 panel looks into JPNAIIMS status", "text": "PATNA: A four-member committee of lawyers constituted by Patna high court to inquire into the status of construction of building of Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS), on Saturday found that its construction was not complete and out patient department (OPD) was yet to be opened for treatment of patients.Standing counsel of the state government, Shashi Bhushan Kumar said that a division bench of Patna high court comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice A N Trivedi had constituted the lawyers' committee and directed the Union government to complete construction of the JPNAIIMS building fast and open the OPD on its premises by March 9. But on Saturday, the OPD was not open as the hospital building was half constructed, Kumar added.The committee members, including M P Gupta, Vinay Kumar Pandey and Shashi Bhushan Kumar, held a meeting with the JPNAIIMS financial adviser and other officials who told the committee that the building would be completed by October, 2012, as per court directive, Kumar said. He added that the committee found that the construction work of six-storied hospital building of JPNAIIMS was going on at a very slow pace.Kumar said the committee would submit its report to the Patna high court. He said the Union government has demanded 50 acres of land in addition to the 106 acres already given for construction of its hospital building and staff quarters.Initially, Union government officials had said that the Airport Authority India (AAI) officials had objected to construction of four-storied staff quarter building. When the lawyers asked how the AAI officials had now allowed construction of six-storied hospital building, the Union government officials on Saturday conceded that there was no objection from the AAI to construction of multi-storied building for staff quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12299970", "title": "No benefits for Jaspreet's family", "text": "LUDHIANA: For Jaspreet Mohan Singhs family in Sarabha Nagar, which has a combined annual income of more than Rs 10 lakh, the exemption of upper limit in various tax slabs wouldnt be of much significance. Jaspreets father Preet Mohan Singh, 81, a retired major with a monthly pension of Rs 28,000 would continue to pay his taxes under the 10% tax slab as usual.Jaspreet, a government senior secondary college principal, has a monthly salary of Rs 61,000 and even his finances wouldnt reap any benefits from the increase in upper limit of 20% tax slab from Rs 8 lakh to Rs 10 lakh.Jaspreets mother Rajinder Kaur, 76, however, says the budget would in fact raise her monthly expenditure on household. A retired teacher, Rajinder takes home Rs 18,000 as pension every month.Jaspreet says, There is nothing beneficial for me in this budget as raising the tax exemption limit from Rs 1.8 lakh to Rs 2 lakh is insignificant to me. In fact prices of food have been raised and the higher service tax would make the food at commercial outlets expensive too. He fears the probable hike in prices of fuel and cars as well. Jaspreet said he paid Rs 31,000 towards tax this year.His father Preet says this budget would boost the inflation higher with food being more costly for the common man. If at all there would be any affect of this budget, it would raise our monthly expenditure by 10-15%. If we were spending Rs 5,000 per month on food till now, it would go up to Rs 5,500-6,000 now, adds Rajinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299576", "title": "Size batters: Sedans and SUVs to cost a lot more", "text": "Get ready to pay more for automobiles, especially if you are looking to upgrade to a sedan or buy an imported SUVs. There is an additonal burden on imported SUVs as the customs duty has been hiked from 60% to 75%. Excise duty on bigger bigger vehicles, or those with engines above 1500cc, has gone up by 5% to 27% from the existing 22%.Following the announcement, sedans are set to be dearer by upwards of Rs 11,000 (for cars like Honda City and Hyundai Verna) to Rs 80,000 for premium ones like the Honda Accord. Domestic SUVs like XUV500 will see an increment of Rs 35,000 on the top-end model while an entry-luxury car like Mercedes C-Class (now Rs 30 lakh) will be dearer by about Rs 1.5 lakh.But even smaller vehicles and two-wheelers will not get away as the excise duty has been increased from 10% to 12%. As a result, the entire spectrum of carmakers-from mainline companies like Maruti, Tata, Hyundai, Mahindra, GM, Ford and Toyota to the premium ones like BMW, Audi and Mercedes Benz-have been hit and will pass on the hike to consumers. The price increments come at a time when the industry is already facing a slowdown due to the high inflation and interest rates and general pessimistic economic situation.While small cars are likely to get dearer by between Rs 2,500 and Rs 8,000, two-wheeler prices are likely to move up by between Rs 500 and Rs 2,000. \"The increase in excise duty will hurt automobiles, especially when the industry is battling a slowdown,\" Shinzo Nakanishi, MD Maruti Suzuki, said.The Budget, however, spared a much-feared - but highly anticipated - additional duty on diesel vehicles which was being demanded by the green lobby as well as certain quarters in the government to ensure that the subsidy is not misused.While the 2% excise hike saw the overall duty on small cars like Maruti Alto, Hyundai i10, Ford Figo and Tata Indica go up from 10% to 12%, it were the bigger sedans and SUVs that came in for a steeper tax treatment.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300424", "title": "Prisoners go berserk in Mati jail over death of inmate", "text": "KANPUR: A number of 'bandi rakshaks' were injured in the Mati jail in Ramabai Nagar (Kanpur Dehat) on Friday when scores of prisoners, enraged over the mysterious death of a fellow inmate in the jail, came out of their barracks and attacked them with rods, sticks and brickbats. Senior district and police officials, who rushed to the jail along with heavy police force, later brought the situation under control.According to sources, as soon as the news of the mysterious death of 43-year-old jail inmate Ram Sharan Singh Bhadauria, who was serving life-term in connection with a murder case, spread in the jail, hundreds of prisoners forcibly came out of their barracks and attacked whoever came in their way.Bhadauria was sentenced for life on July 10, 2011, in connection with the murder of Aswhini Kumar Pandey on May 12, 2007, in Atiya Raipur village in Rasoolabad. The prisoners charged that some jail officials and 'bandi rakshaks' had beaten Bhadauria to death after he refused to cough up money to jail employees late on Thursday night. When the 'bandi rakshaks' caned a few rampaging prisoners, they attacked the security staff with brickbats and sticks.In the melee, many prisoners climbed on the roofs of the barracks, water-tank and watch-towers and attacked the exposed security staff with stones and brick-bats. Two jail security staffers, senior 'bandi rakshak' Brij Nandan Lal and Attar Singh, were critically injured in the attack. Three other jail security staff, Govind Yadav, Shiv Dayal and Arun Kumar, who were held captive by the prisoners, were also injured in the attack.Brij Nandan Lal and Attar Singh, who sustained serious injuries, have been admitted to the District Hospital.The situation was brought under control by senior district officials, including district magistrate Mayur Maheshwari and DIG (Prisons) Sharad Kulshreshta, who rushed to the spot along with a heavy contingent of police and PAC personnel.District magistrate Mayur Maheshwari told TOI that a magisterial probe would be conducted in this regard.Several rounds of talks were held between district officials and jail inmates. The jail inmates calmed down only after the authorities assured them of prompt action in the death of Bhadauria, including filing of FIR against the guilty jail employees and videography of the post-mortem of the deceased. The prisoners also apprised the district officials and senior jail authorities about the \"atrocities meted out to Bhadauria\" and some other prisoners.A senior police official said that a case under IPC 302 (murder) besides under some other sections of the IPC has been lodged against the jail superintendent, jailor and six jail warders with the Akabarpur police.Meanwhile, on the basis of a complaint by senior jail 'bandi rakshak' Brij Nandan Lal, an FIR has been lodged against nearly 56 prisoners of the Mati jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12303528", "title": "Budget 2012: PCs, mobiles &amp; laptops to cost more", "text": "NEW DELHI: Personal computing gadgets and accessories, including desktops, laptops, tablets, printers, UPS and mobile phones, will cost more thanks to a hike in excise duty from 10% to 12%.S Rajendran, chief marketing officer of Acer India , said: \"The prices of all our PCs will rise by 2%. A Rs 25,000 PC will now cost an extra Rs 500.\" Even imported products, which will now attract an additional 2% countervailing duty, will become more expensive.Sabyasachi Patra, executive director, MAIT, said the prices of services provided by hardware providers , such as maintenance, would go up. He said the hike in service tax could also increase the prices of personal software products.Vinay Deshpande, CEO of Encore Software , maker of products like the Simputer, said the removal of Customs duty on LCD panels would have a marginally positive impact, but that would be largely negated by the higher excise duty and service tax.For the much-vaunted IT services industry, the absence of any new tax-saving measures means the smaller companies among them will likely suffer a setback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12306906", "title": "More forest camps for animal protection in KNP", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam government has set up 152 forest camps inside the Kaziranga National Park (KNP) to increase protection for the highly endangered Great Indian One-horned Rhinoceros and other animals there from poachers.The camps set up recently will be manned by about six guards each armed with .303 and .305 rifles besides vigilance arrangements on elephant and on foot, forest department sources said.Apart from forest guards, 170 armed security guards have also been deployed inside the World Heritage Site park along with personnel from the Assam Forest Protection Force.The state home department had provided 200 additional .303 rifles, while permission has been granted for providing the guards with sophisticated weapons like AK-47 assault rifles to fight the poachers, who often have state-of-the-art firepower to target the animals , the sources said.Four engine boat-cum-floating camps have also been provided for vigilance along the Brahmaputra river which passes through the KNP.Meanwhile, vacant posts have been filled up in the Park - habitat of the rhinos. The fresh recruits include 117 forest guards, 34 foresters, eight mahouts, two boatmen and 35 `ghasis' (elephant grass cutters), the sources said.Committees such as Prevention of Rhino Poaching and Wildlife Crime Control of Golaghat and Sonitpur have been formed to boost conservation measures, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pranab mukherjee's budget is clear about one thing", "code": "12300897", "title": "Budget 2012: Not budgeting for snap polls", "text": "Pranab Mukherjee's Budget is clear about one thing: His government is intent on not facing Lok Sabha elections before they are due in 2014. For, this is not the kind of Budget to woo voters with.It must be the only Budget speech under the UPA that does not have a separate section dealing with minorities. Congress cannot be expected to be so casual if it were expecting to face elections immediately.Besides this significant omission, the Budget negates any prospect of the 2014 polls being brought forward also because of what it contains. Mukherjee had three options: Presenting a revenue budget, making use of the window he had before the 2014 polls; an expenditure budget in keeping with the pattern of schemes like NREGS which cost the exchequer a lot but whose contribution to the economy continues to be questioned, and an attempt to control expenditure.Mukherjee's Budget tilts towards being branded the first, with the finance minister opting to mop up approximately Rs 41,500 crore: Clearly not a prescription for those who have to hit the hustings soon. Measures designed for revenue generation, for instance service tax on passenger fares, cannot enhance popularity. However, the buffer generated through them will be helpful when the veteran finance minister has to step up expenditure ahead of the elections.The finance minister seems convinced that the GDP will grow at 7.5% this fiscal, giving him, along with the revenue mopping, the buoyancy to engage in profligacy ahead of elections. He vowed to fully provide for the implementation of the National Food Security Act, echoing the UPA's hope that the ambitious, if fund-guzzling scheme, will generate huge goodwill before the upcoming battle for Delhi.While the emphasis on villages has been par for UPA's course, the Budget is marked by a conspicuous effort to what Congress and its leaders privately dismissed as an elitist concern. For all its stubborn insistence that the anti-corruption movement was a foreign-funded/RSS-backed political conspiracy, measures to fight black money leap out of the Budget, perhaps betraying the concern that Anna Hazare and his team may have haemorrhaged Congress's goodwill in urban areas.However, Mukherjee's effort, on the whole, is a workman's budget despite the welcome, if belated, attention on highways - 8,800 km of which are to be laid before next elections are called - and the power sector. It is short on boldness that could have helped generate a positive buzz about the government.The diminished interest in NREGS which allowed the finance minister to reduce expenditure on the scheme underscored the need for the government to have a new narrative.Mukherjee seems resigned that it cannot have one, perhaps because the dependence on allies, be it Trinamool Congress or Samajwadi Party, during the rest of the UPA's term will keep the coalition hobbled. Therefore, he has decided to tax in order to be in a position to spend closer to 2014.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "12305395", "title": "Other side of farm suicides in Punjab: Book on women\u2019 misery in Punjabi by Orissa woman activist", "text": "SANGRUR: The debt ridden farm suicides in Punjab might be projected as disturbing trend pointing towards further aggravating agrarian scene at the place more known as birth of green revolution in India but till now not much has been written about the pitfalls of farm suicides on the familial front. Now a researcher and woman activist has come up with a book about how the women had to face the wrath of agrarian crisis in Punjab. Ranjana Padhi has documented the miseries of women facing farm suicides through her book 'Punjab de kheti sankat di kahani -auratan di aapni jubani'(The story of Punjab' agrarian crisis and women' agony). Interestingly despite her being of Orissa origin, she has liked the book to be translated first in Punjabi and will come out with English version later.Many documentaries, books have been written on agrarian crisis in Punjab, some of which by showcasing the real picture has taken the outer world by surprise. Only recently human rights activist Inderjit Singh Jaijee had come up with book 'Debt and death in rural India, The Punjab story' but was not entirely on women.Anti displacement activist Ranjana Padhi, who is actively working for women empowerment since late eighties through various NGOs of Saheli, Kashipur solidarity , has projected the condition of women as precarious after male member takes the extreme step. In most of the cases women had to turn as wage labourers or in menial jobs for survival. Padhi has based her assertion on the findings after extensive interactions with 136 families mainly women in Punjab' 8 districts of Malwa region, most affected on farmer-farm labourer count.\"During visits to Punjab in 2008-2010, I came across the condition of women belonging of farm and farm labourers families, where male members committed suicide, was very miserable. The women belonging to somewhat affluent families had to turn to wage labourers as raising children, feeding and educating them turned out to be herculean task for them in the absence of any financial support from any quarters\", said Padhi talking to Times of India over phone from Pune, where she is based.Ranjana, who is in late forties and works as technical editor with a firm after MA English is coming up with the English title 'Those who did not die: Impact of peasant suicides in Punjab'.It has been pointed out that debt on farm and farm labourers had been mounting due to expenses on dowry, drug addiction, to cure depression. There are numerous instances of women facing the heat after male members committed suicide as Jasbir Kaur of Mansa is passing through lean patch after losing out the land due to debt after husband committed suicide, Charanjit Kaur of Bathinda is facing it hard to run household. Says Charanjit it all started with amrican sundi(English worm)that eat up cotton crop leading to family' miseries.\"It is all due to lopsided policies and the trend of farm suicides and misery of women is here to stay till governments not comes up with remedial measures and finically bailing out the debt hit families\", said Buta Singh, who has translated the book in Punjabi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303505", "title": "Chennai party animals groove to David Guetta's music", "text": "The party animals in the city got to enjoy yet another cool night out at this down town hotspot.We spotted the ladies dressed in their prettiest best, after all it was the ladies' night and they got to enjoy a lot of freebies and pampering. While the DJs ensured that there was enough energy on the dancefloor as they spun the hottest tracks from the man of the moment, David Guetta , the girls also got to see many of the city's dapper boys come and woo them with their moves. With so many hot faces on the dance floor, the temperature plummeted even further as this turned out to be one amazing night for everyone present there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12304630", "title": "Obama plans to defeat al-Qaida, transfer security to Afghans", "text": "WASHINGTON: The plan of President Barack Obama in Afghanistan includes defeating al-Qaida, transfer security lead to the Afghan forces and withdrawal of American troops from the country, a top US official has said.\"The president's plan envisions an end to this war, and not just the hope for an end but the concrete measures that need to be taken to withdraw US forces, to transfer security lead over to Afghan forces, to give control of the country to Afghan forces so that our men and women can come home,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney said after Obama had a telephonic talk with his Afghan counterpart, Hamid Karzai .\"The two men very much share the goal of Afghanistan being able to be responsible for its own security, for Afghan forces to be able to do that and have the capacity to do that, and for mission to be successful, which is to further erode and ultimately defeat al-Qaida and allow Afghanistan to be stable enough so that it will not become a haven for al-Qaida in the future,\" Carney said.Obama and Karzai discussed the latter's concern about US forces in Afghan villages.Within the context of a discussion about the transition that is already underway and is taking place that will result in US forces turning over to Afghan forces greater and greater responsibility to the point where they have the combat lead by 2013 and full lead by 2014, the two leaders were very much on the same page, he added.However, he insisted the pace and scope of it would be determined based on ground realities.\"There have been ongoing changes in the disposition and location of US and ISAF forces for a long time now as we have begun this transition and begun to draw down US forces.That will continue. So there are places where US forces were more out in the field, if you will, and less now; and less before and more now. That's part of an overall strategy. But those kinds of on-the-ground decisions will be made within the framework of the overall strategy, but more at a ground level,\" he said.Carney said Obama and Karzai discussed a variety of issues with regards to the mission in Afghanistan.\"I think what is clear from the readout of the call is that the two leaders agree that within the context of the Lisbon framework, which will result in transfer of full responsibility for Afghan security to Afghan forces by the end of 2014, we will, as the president has said, reach a milestone at some point in 2013, where Afghans will take the lead in combat operations,\" he said.\"US forces will continue to partner with the Afghan forces but will be in a support mode. So this is all part of a gradual transition that results in the fulfillment of the Lisbon framework by the end of 2014,\" the White House spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299235", "title": "Pranab scripts happy Bollywood kahaani", "text": "Bollywood has something to cheer about in its centenary year, as finance minister Pranab Mukherjee proposed to exempt the industry ``from service tax on copyrights relating to recording of cinematographic films''.Mukherjee praised the industry for playing a pivotal role in unifying the country and said his announcement would add to Bollywood's spirit of celebration in his budget speech.The industry welcomed the move. Producer Mukesh Bhatt, who met Mukherjee recently seeking the exemption, said, \"It is the best gift he could give the industry in its centenary year...he has saved the industry from dying under taxation burden.''Indian Motion Pictures Distributors Association President Ramesh Sippy credited the industry's unity for the relief. \"The magic of the industry's unity has worked in its favour. FM has provided us the much required relief. The centenary celebrations can now be carried out with all gusto and spirit.''Producer Sajid Nadiadwala, whose Houseful 2 will be the first film to benefit from the exemption, said Bollywood is the only industry in the world that pays more than 50% in taxes. ``It is the first time the government has favoured us in a big way. Now the numbers in our business will change.''A filmmaker, who makes Rs 100 crore film, will now save Rs 10 crore in the taxes.Producers may be relieved, but paying service tax has become more complex for actors. The process for them involves a lot of paper work and they are supposed are file service tax by a certain day in a certain manner. Experts say it does not seem feasible as actors tend to travel a lot.Overall, actor Deepika Padukone praised the budget as ``extremely realistic and positive''.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12298792", "title": "Trio behind Rs 100 crore Angrau bonanza", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three alumni of the Acharya NG Ranga Agriculture University, now holding key positions, played a key role in the varsity being earmarked a whopping Rs 100 crore grant in the Budget presented by Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in Parliament on Friday.The three, principal secretary and Angrau vice-chancellor V Nagi Reddy, Warangal MP S Rajaiah and head of the varsity's school of agri-business management A Janaiah, succeeded in mustering the support of chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy, who are believed to have pulled the strings at Centre.For a university which has had no regular VC for the past one year, this is considered a significant achievement.Even though the initiative to win the favours of the mandarins of North Block was taken by Nagi Reddy, principal secretary, agriculture, who is also the acting VC of Angrau and Janaiah, the collective efforts of the state government and the MPs finally yielded the results, much to the envy of the other universities.Angrau had submitted its proposal to the Union finance ministry during the winter session of Parliament for allocation of Rs 100 crore for modernization and development of infrastructure.According to Janaiah, the strength of Angrau is that it has developed 380 high yielding varieties and hybrids of various crops in the past four decades with the help of its research efforts. \"All these crops are widely cultivated not only in Andhra Pradesh, but in other states also,\" Janaiah said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300808", "title": "Congress loses its Mulayam touch with minorities", "text": "It appears to be a telling political lesson from the just-concluded UP elections, with FM Pranab Mukherjee blanking out 'minority welfare' from his budget speech after having made it a focal point of his address in the past years.The minority affairs ministry lost out both in rhetoric and allocation, with barely 10% hike in funds. Observers saw the UP debacle as a cause of the downgrade. Congress ran a high-decibel campaign revolving around Muslim quota in the recent state election. But the Rahul Gandhi-led campaign failed to enthuse minority voters who instead flocked to Samajwadi Party ranks and swelled its tally.Observers attributed the omission of minority welfare to conclusions drawn from the UP drubbing. Incidentally, the ministry is headed by Salman Khurshid, who drew EC's ire over remarks on 'Muslim quota' and helped the opposition paint the Congress campaign as a poll gimmick.Congressmen said the campaign pitch polarized the election and the counter aggression from BJP pushed Muslims towards SP.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12298693", "title": "Liquor scam: 9 more excise men in ACB net", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Friday arrested nine more excise department officials, including an assistant commissioner at the department's Nampally office, in connection with the liquor scam.Among those arrested on Friday are YB Bhaskar Rao, the former excise superintendent at Kothagudem who is currently serving as assistant excise commissioner.On March 2, ACB booked criminal cases against Khammam district excise department officials for tampering with the 2010 liquor shop auction documents to hand over 16 liquor shops in the district to the syndicate led by Nunna Venkata Ramana who has already been arrested in the case along with four excise officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12308620", "title": "Four held for kidnapping Jorhat trader", "text": "JORHAT: Police on Saturday arrested four persons, including two women from the Atilagaon area in Jorhat town, on charges of kidnapping a businessman in the town. However, the trader is yet to be rescued.The arrested persons were identified as Subash Saikia, Abhisek Saikia, Pompi Saikia and Popy Saikia.The prime accused of the case, Panchi Gogoi alias Priyanka Dutta, is still on the run. Two other suspected accused, picked up by police, were later released on bail.Police said they were involved in the abduction of Kailash Ginoria, a businessman in Jorhat, and that they demanded Rs 20 lakh as ransom to set the man free.''Acting on a tip off, we picked up six persons, including two women, from Atilagaon area today. They were allegedly kidnapped by one businessman of the town and demanded Rs. 20 lakh as ransom from the trader's family,\" said OC of Jorhat sadar police station Bakul Gogoi.He also added that two persons, identified as Krishna Saikia and Bidyut Saikia, were later released on bail.\"We have got a complaint from the family members of Ginoria that he was missing since March 11 when he was on his way to Numaligarh that day. On receiving the complaint, we registered a missing case at Jorhat Sadar Police Station and our operation was on. Today, the family members of the victim lodged another complaint that some miscreants called them up and demanded money to set Ginoria free. So we launched another operation and arrested the accused,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300905", "title": "Trinamool calls budget tolerable", "text": "After asking for a rollback of the hike in passenger fares announced by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi, Trinamool Congress on Friday was relatively muted in its reaction to the budget presented by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, with Mamata Banerjee's party describing it as \"tolerable\".At a time when Banerjee is negotiating to replace Trivedi and also expects Mukherjee to work out special financial packages for the state, Trinamool parliamentary party leader Sudip Bandopadhyay called the general budget \"tolerable\" while adding that his party wanted the government to ensure that prices of fertilizers and kerosene were not raised.Trinamool Congress, Bandopadhyay said, would coordinate with MPs from Kerala and Punjab in Parliament to seek moratorium for three years on the debt to states, noting that West Bengal was paying Rs 22,000 crore on loan repayment.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12307061", "title": "Muslims to protest in Lucknow, Delhi against Kazmi's arrest", "text": "LUCKNOW: Terming Syed Mohd Ahmed Kazmi's arrest as the latest instance of innocent Muslims being held in terror cases, a noted Shia scholar today said members of the community will stage a march in Lucknow on March 23 and lay siege to Parliament on March 26 to protest the move.\"In protest against the arrest of the senior scribe, a protest march would be taken out from the Asifi imambara to the Shaheed Smarak here after the Friday prayers next week after which on March 26 Parliament would be gheraoed\", member of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board and noted Shia scholar Maulana Kalbe Jawwad told newspersons here.He alleged that Kazmi's arrest was the latest in the series of arrests of innocent Muslims in cases of terrorism which according to him had been going on in the country for the past 20 years.Kazmi was arrested by the Delhi Police in connection with the bomb attack on an Israeli embassy car in the national capital last month.Alleging that Delhi police chief Brijesh Kumar Gupta had been acting at the behest of Israeli intelligence agencies, Jawwad demanded CBI inquiry into his assets.Jamiyat Ulma-e-Hind, Jamat-e-Islami Hind and Maulana Azad Foundation among other Muslim organisation have protested the arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12299868", "title": "Russian national gets bail", "text": "PANAJI: A Russian national, Valenko Anatoly, who was arrested with live ammunition at the Goa international airport on January 13, was released on bail on Friday. The JMFC, Vasco, released Anatoly on a personal bond of 20,000 with a surety of the like amount to the satisfaction of the investigating officer and upon condition that the accused will not leave Goa or India without prior permission of the Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12299280", "title": "Affordable homes more difficult to buy", "text": "PUNE: City-based real estate sector players said the Budget had ignored the need to make homes affordable.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's leaving the cap on interest deduction of Rs 1.5 lakh untouched and retaining the limit on loan amount eligible for 1 per cent central interest subvention has disappointed many. Liberalizing both provisions would boost to buyer interest, they said.Lalit Kumar Jain, National President of Credai said the industry had expected a big boost from the budget for affordable housing through special schemes, an interest subvention of 5 to 7 % for LIG and economically weaker sections housing and promotion of rental housing through tax exemption.Rohit Gera, vice president of Credai Pune Metro, called the budget a no-show for real estate sector. Rise in excise duty and service tax favour neither the construction industry nor home buyers. The selling cost will increase leading to costlier homes. \"The Government has allowed external commercial borrowings for low- cost affordable housing projects. It can provide affordable housing. The service tax exemption on rental homes is a good move. Also, continuation of 1 % interest rate subsidy on loans of Rs 15 lakh for a house of Rs. 25 lakh is welcome.\"Anuj Puri, chairman and country head of real estate advisory Jones Lang LaSalle India, said Indian real estate sector does not have much to cheer about in this budget. \"Exempting proceeds from sale of residential property from capital gains tax if they are invested in equity or equipment of an SME provides home owners with more reinvestment options. Currently, the only route for exemption was purchase of another property or tax-saving bonds,\" he added.\"The budget has encouraged affordable housing sector in the form of enhanced budgetary support and institutional support by creating a Credit Guarantee Trust fund and allowance of ECB in affordable housing,\" Anurag Mathur, managing director, Cushman &amp; Wakefield India, said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12306842", "title": "'I am not bothered about rumours'", "text": "Actor Abigail Jain sure started her career at a very young age. The Ekta Kapoor find made her small screen debut with the show Kya Dill Mein Hai. Currently doing the youth show Humse Hai Life, Abigail is happy she is finally getting to play her age.Rumours say that Abigail is dating the male lead of the show - Himansh Kohli. She clears the air and says, \"I am not bothered about these rumours. I am in this profession where people are bound to talk about you. As long as my parents have the right perceptions about me, I don't care about what people say.\"Moving on to a lighter conversation, Abigail talks about her hobbies. \"When I am not working, I love to play my piano. I have been learning how to play since I was seven. Although I do not get much time now, it really helps to unwind after a hard days work. I also love to go out, eat and watch movies. Sometimes after work, I go watch movies to relax,\" she says.About her future plans in the industry, she says, \"I know it is not a good thing, but I do not plan my future. I take everyday as it comes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12299961", "title": "Residents of gutted building hope for fair deal on redevelopment", "text": "MUMBAI: The residents of Ganpat Wete Sadan, who lost their homes in a fire on Thursday in which one person was killed and 11 others injured, are now hoping they can manage to get a fair deal from the builders since the Tardeo building was due for redevelopment in May. The blaze, which gutted the three-storey building, before a part of it collapsed, has rendered the 32 families who stayed there homeless. Many of them spent Thursday night in the homes of relatives scattered across the city while others were forced to seek refuge in the temporary transit camp set up by Mhada on the 8th and 14th floors of the neighbouring German Darshan building.An official from the Mumbai Building Repairs and Reconstruction Board said that Mhada had offered the residents transit accommodation.Residents though are reluctant to take Mhada up on its offer as most of them would prefer accommodation close by. The building will be pulled down in the next few days by Mhada after which redevelopment work will commence.\"Out of the 11 victims who were admitted to Nair Hospital, one took discharge against medical advice while three others were discharged by Friday. Deepika Phansekar, the woman who threw her 11-month-old child from her third-floor flat to the crowd waiting down, is still in the trauma care unit of the hospital and a few others should be discharged in the next two days,\" said Dr M K Sanjana, acting dean of Nair Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12298328", "title": "Budget 2012: No booster shot for biotech", "text": "With each passing year the finance minister seems to be getting nowhere near addressing the wish list of the biotechnology sector that has been awaiting the booster shot year after year.This year, too, Pranab Mukherjee had nothing much to offer this critical sector that has been waiting with bated breath for sops and incentives.The only cause for some cheer was that the weighted deduction of 200% on expenditure on in-house R&D; facility has been extended for five years beyond March 31, 2012. Also, there is hope that his pronouncements on enhancing immunization coverage will boost government spending on vaccinations, bringing some gains for vaccine makers.\"The Budget is rhetoric rather than reformist in nature. Extending the weighted deduction benefit for 5 years is a welcome move but we were expecting R&D; sops and co-investment opportunities to drive innovation that didn't come through,\" said Biocon CMD Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw. Association of Biotechnology Led Enterprises executive co- uncil member and Kotak Private Equity CEO Nitin Deshmukh too was disappointed that there were no major announcements to spur innovation and growth of the sector. He, however, felt that small biotech firms starved of venture capital funding may benefit from the Rs 5,000 crore allocated to SIDBI for MSMEs even as the Rs 200 crore allocation for development of new technologies for seeds and plants and a Rs 350 grant for agri universities would provide some impetus.To add insult to injury, the hike in excise duty rates and service tax is expected to put pressure on the margins. \"It's disappointing because the excise duty is up from 1% to 2% and as we do not get Cenvat credit and raw material costs will go up,\" said K V Balasubramaniam, MD, Indian Immunologicals Ltd.\"There is no fresh proposal that will give an impetus to research and development in biotechnology. The government should remove taxes on intellectual property licensing. We are forced to rethink our strategy,\" said Villoo Morawala-Patell, CMD, Avesthagen.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12303831", "title": "Neil Nitin Mukesh is off to Goa", "text": "Neil Nitin Mukesh, who has been busy shooting for his film Shortcut Romeo with Puja Gupta , recently wrapped up the third schedule of the film. \"And it's a wrap for the day. Hectic day in Lokhandwala market where I was shooting all day for the third schedule of Shortcut Romeo! But fun,\" the actor tweeted recently.This also meant that the actor was allowed a break from shooting, which decided to use to spend with family. \"Taken an off from shoot for 5 days to spend with my nephews. Taking them to Goa. Haven't been on a family holiday in 3 years,\" he wrote on his micro-blogging page.But before going off on a relaxing holiday, the actor ensured that he took care of work-related stuff. Neil wrote that the day before his trip turned out to be quite eventful. \"Yesterday turned out to quite and eventful day. With 3 very imp meetings and then a launch and then time out with friends. I launched the Switzerland commercial. One hell of a commercial. Truly loved it. It showcases the country's beauty, food, culture and sense of humour,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299551", "title": "Life insurance no longer a savings grace", "text": "For those whose primary objective is to build a retirement fund, life insurance as a savings instrument will lose its sheen. However, purchasing health insurance will become cheaper as payments for pre-acceptance medical tests will now be eligible for tax breaks.The finance minister has doubled the minimum cover requirement under a life policy for it to be eligible for tax breaks. All forms of insurance - including life, health, motor and property - will also become more expensive because of the two percentage point increase in service tax.The new limits for tax exemption eligibility under section 80C and 10 (10D) of the Income Tax Act has been revised from the previous sum assured-to-premium multiple of five times to 10 times. This is consistent with the proposal under the Direct Tax Code (DTC) which seeks to have a higher level of insurance under life policies, but at 20 times.Until now, life insurance was an attractive avenue for accumulating savings for retirement. Now the gains will be vastly curtailed because a big chunk of the premium will go towards life cover. \"Compared to the DTC, the Budget proposal is a welcome move,\" said S B Mathur, secretary general of the Life Insurance Council.An LIC official said those in the higher age group will now find it more expensive to buy a life cover. According to Bhargav Dasgupta, MD, ICICI Lombard, the tax break of Rs 5,000 for preventive health check-ups will help in bringing a greater focus on preventive health care. General insurers say there's another indirect benefit - health checks will enable early detection of ailments.\"It may also result in product innovation in the health insurance industry,\" said Shashwat Sharma, partner, KPMG.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12306672", "title": "Biker gang robs bank manager of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "NOIDA: A government bank manager today was allegedly robbed of Rs 5 lakh by a biker gang in Sector 31 area here, police said.The man, identified as Dubriyal, is a manager at the Corporation Bank at the same sector.Dubriyal was taking the cash to the Corporation Bank's branch at Sector 35 this afternoon when the bike-borne gang overtook his car and forced him to halt.One of the robber then fired at the car and forced him to open the door. They then took away the cash bag containing the money.Police said an FIR has been lodged in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12300468", "title": "Not issued admit card, boy attempts suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A 16-year-old student who had not received his admit card for UP Board exams consumed poison at his house in the wee hours of Friday. He is now fighting for life in the ICU (Intensive Care Unit) of Ursula Horsman Hospital. Police are investigating the matter.According to reports, Alok Kumar alias Shubham, a resident of Bhawani Nagar, Chakeri, is a Class XII student of Vijay Public Inter College, Chakeri. He tried to end his life over apprehensions that he would not be allowed to appear in the Board exams that started on Friday in the absence of an admit card.On late Thursday night, he consumed poison and went to his room to sleep. After his condition deteriorated, he told his family members who rushed him to the UHM hospital.\"The student had filled the examination form long time back so he should have been issued the admit card for exams that started today (Friday). Prima-facie, it appears that he tried to end his life probably owing to this reason only. He has been making rounds of his college for the past few days to procure his admit card. On late Thursday night, he had also spoken to me over the issue to which I had asked him not to worry and further assured him that I will myself accompany him to the examination centre and talk to school authorities,\" said Rajendra Kumar , the maternal uncle of the boy. Kumar is into printing business and had adopted Alok and his younger brother after their father's death.A junior resident doctor at the ICU of the UHM described the boy's condition as stable. \"We are monitoring his condition,\" he said. The college authorities refused to comment on the matter. Police are waiting for the boy to regain consciousness to record statement.Sources stated that Alok was an average student and had secured second division marks in High School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12300754", "title": "Porbandar\u2013Kochuveli train will run via Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: The inaugural run of special train Porbandar-Kochuveli (No. 09262) is on Saturday. It will leave Porbandar on Saturday at 9.30am and reach Kochuveli at 12pm on March 19. In the return direction, Kochuveli-Porbandar special train (No. 09261) will leave Kochuveli at 4.10am on March 20, and reach Porbandar at 4am on March 22.The regular service of Porbandar--Kochuveli weekly express will commence from Porbandar on March 22 at 6.20pm and will reach Kochuveli at 3.30pm on March 24. In the return direction, Kochuveli-Porbandar will leave Kochuveli at 10.40am on March 25 and reach Porbandar at 10.30am on March 27. The trains will halt at Wansjaliya, Jamnagar, Hapa, Rajkot, Surendranagar, Viramgam, Ahmedabad, Anand, Vadodara, Ankleshwar, Surat, Vasai Road, Panvel, Ratnagiri, Madgaon, Karwar, Udupi, Mangalore Junction, Kasargod, Kannur, Kozhikode, Tirur, Shoranur, Thrissur, Ernakulam Jn, Alappuzha, Kayamkulam and Kollam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300392", "title": "Corporator owns 5 sites, reveals Lokayukta raid", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Friday raided the residence of Moodalapalya corporator N Shantakumari in Byraveshwaranagar, Nagarabhavi, and claimed to have found disproportionate assets worth over Rs 1.29 crore including five residential sites and cash Rs 20 lakh.Raids were also conducted at the residences of her two close relatives. The 30-member team which began the raid around 6 am, concluded it at 1 pm. \"She owns two sites in Yeshwantpur and one in Nagarabhavi.We have taken only registration value of them. The market price is over Rs 3 crore,\" Lokayukta police said. \"We were tipped off that Shantakumari had kept some cash and gold articles in her relatives' houses and they admitted to it,\" police claimed. Shantakumari is a second-time corporator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12298954", "title": "C-60 forces bust Naxal camp", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: C-60, special anti-Naxal force, in a fierce encounter with Maoists busted a Naxal camp ensconced in the hilly jungle of Yerragadda in Aheri tehsil on Friday morning. Naxal material in large quantity, arms and ammunition were recovered in the exchange of fire in which two security personnel were also injured.As per the details, anti-Naxal operations were underway in the jungle near Yerragadda under Jimalgatta police station since the morning. At around 11am the C-60 forces which were searching the hilly terrain were ambushed by the Naxalites which forced security forces to retaliate. Kanhaiyya Durgam (30) and Ramesh Gawde (32) sustained bullet injuries in their left legs.Gadhchiroli superintendent of police Viresh Prabhu said that both the injured Jawans were out of danger now. \"First they were rushed to Jimalgatta primary health centre and later shifted to Aheri rural hospital,\" he informed.Prabhu confirmed that a firearm, bullets, detonators and wire along with bulk of clothes, shoes, pittus (back packs), water bottles and Naxal literature were found. \"It suggests that Naxals might have been camping at the site,\" Prabhu said. Scattered blood stains on the site hint that a few Naxals might have been injured, police said.Prabhu dismissed earlier reports that Naxals had killed a villager residing under Jimalgatta police station by terming it a rumour. \"A police team searched the area but body of the said person was not found,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12308647", "title": "BIT student dies, friends smell foul play", "text": "RANCHI: A third-year engineering student of Birla Institute of Technology (BIT) Mesra died on way to Apollo Hospital on Saturday after he was reportedly administered an injection at the institute's dispensary.Arun Kumar, a resident of Hyderabad, was an asthma patient and had gone to the dispensary for treatment in the morning. \"The doctor administered him some injection after which he paled and started sinking. He was immediately rushed to hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said one of his classmates. He also alleged that the doctor on duty had administered some wrong medicine because when the medicine log book was checked after his death, the name of the medicine had been changed.\"The name of the medicine which was originally administered to Arun was scratched and some new name was written. We suspect some foul play in the matter and therefore we have taken the log book in our custody. We will hand over the log book to police at the time of investigation so that the truth comes to fore,\" said Arun's classmate, adding they would request for a thorough investigation and scrutiny of the medicine administered to the victim.Public Relation Officer of Apollo Hospital Javed Akhtar said the student was brought dead. \"The doctor of duty examined him and he was found brought dead. His body was handed over to police,\" said Akhtar. The institute's doctor was, however, not available.Dean, student welfare, Anand Kumar did not want to talk much on the matter. \"It is true that a student has died but it won't be correct to jump to any conclusion at the moment. Let police investigation be over. Everything will become clear after that,\" he said.He said the Arun's body would be handed over to the parents on Sunday after postmortem. \"The boy was fit till 11am when he attended practical classes in the laboratory. After returning form the laboratory, he went to the institute's dispensary. We expect that every thing will become clear after the postmortem report,\" he added.Sunit Kumar, the officer in charge of BIT Mesra police outpost, too, was not willing to disclose much about the incident as the matter was in the preliminary stage of investigation. \"We have registered a case of unnatural death and started investigation. It will take some time for us to complete the investigation,\" said the police officer adding the body had been sent for postmortem.In the meanwhile, the students have started protesting against the doctor and staff of the institute's dispensary where Arun was administered medicine. A large number of Arun's classmates staged a dharna outside the office of dean to press for their demand for immediate action against the doctor and para- medical staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12301034", "title": "McDonald's in China food safety scandal", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese state TV has accused McDonald's and French retailer Carrefour of selling expired chicken products in separate incidents amid public anxiety in China over food safety.State-run CCTV has put out a video report by its \"under cover Reporters\" selling food which under the rules, should've been thrown away.McDonald's Corp and Carrefour Inc issued public apologies and said they were probing the report.The report on Thursday said a McDonald's restaurant in Beijing sold chicken wings 90 minutes after they were cooked while the company's rules set a 30-minute limit. It said employees at a Carrefour store in the central city of Zhengzhou changed expiration dates on some chicken and sold regular chickens as more expensive free-range birds.Last year, American retailer Walmart Stores Inc was fined by authorities in the southwestern city and 13 stores were ordered to close for two weeks on charges of passing off regular pork as higher-priced organic meat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12299398", "title": "Violence marks bypoll campaign", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: The high-voltage campaign in Sankarankoil assembly segment ended on a violent note with at least three incidents of clashes reported between cadres of different political parties on Friday.In one of the incidents, DMK MP Helen Davidson sustained injury when she intervened to prevent a clash between DMK and AIADMK men at Thiru Vi Ka Nagar in the town. The incident sparked tension between the cadres of both the parties, but police said that the situation was brought under control. The day also saw political parties accusing the ruling AIADMK of distributing cash to voters and a case was registered against MDMK leader Vaiko's brother for allegedly assaulting a group of AIADMK men for bribing voters.Police said that a group of DMK men led by Davidson were canvassing for votes at Thiru Vi Ka Nagar when they received information that AIADMK men were distributing cash to all the households in the locality. The DMK functionaries rushed to the spot and picked up an argument with the group there. The argument turned into a quarrel and soon ended up in a clash between the cadres of both parties. Davidson, who intervened was caught in the melee and sustained an injury. She later received treatment at the government hospital here. Based on a complaint from V Ayyappan, AIADMK Perur panchayat vice-president from Kanyakumari, police registered cases on 20 AIADMK men. Three AIADMK men were also injured police said.At Kalingapatti, the native of MDMK leader Vaiko, the villagers nabbed nine men, who were allegedly distributing cash to voters on behalf of the AIADMK. The nine were beaten up by the villagers and a car was damaged. Police have registered cases against 120 villagers including Vaiko's brother Ravichandran. One of the nine men, Jaishankar, sustained severe injuries in the assault and is admitted to the government hospital.In another incident, Jacob of Chatrapatti lodged a complaint with the police that a group of men barged into his house with weapons and ransacked it after he refused to vote for a particular party.\"Though there were various complaints of poll code violation, this is the first time that cases of violence are being reported from Sankarankoil,\" said a police officer.Meanwhile, actor Vijayakanth who wound up his campaign with a public meeting in Sankarankoil town alleged that AIADMK men were bribing the voters across the constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300607", "title": "Budget 2012: Analyse your market wealth", "text": "Have you put your money in stocks and/or mutual funds? The Budget often impacts the bottomlines of industries and companies - and can make a difference to your investments. TOI commissioned CRISIL - India's leading ratings, research, risk and policy advisory company - to analyse how your market wealth could have been affected.AIRLINES State of the Industry During April-December 2011, domestic and international passenger traffic grew 15.4% and 7.2% year-on-year, respectively, due to aggressive pricing by Indian carriers. However, the industry's profitability has been under pressure as players have been unable to pass on the entire increase in fuel costs. EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) margins fell 17 percentage points year-on-year and stood at -4.8% during this period.Budget Impact The overall impact is expected to be neutral. Airline companies have been allowed to raise external commercial borrowings (ECBs) worth $1bn to fund their working capital needs. However, given the highly leveraged balance sheets and pressure on their margins, this move is not expected to have any significant impact. The proposal to reduce the rate of withholding tax on interest payments on ECBs to 5% from 20% for the next three years is expected to lower the cost of borrowings marginally for Indian carriers, which have raised funds through the ECB route.BANKING &amp; FINANCE State of the Industry Credit growth in the industry is expected to be flat at 17% in 2012-13 as interest rates soften, investment demand picks up and domestic debt replaces forex loans. Gross non-performing assets (GNPAs) rose to 2.8% of the total assets in December 2011 from 2.3% in March 2011.By March 2013, GNPAs are expected to increase further to 3.2% of the total assets.Budget Impact The overall impact is expected to be neutral. In 2012-13, public sector banks (PSBs) are expected to receive majority of the Rs 15,900 crore allocated for recapitalization of government financial institutions. Additionally, a financial holding company is proposed to be set up to raise funds for PSBs, which is a positive, given that they need significant capital to meet Basel III norms. However, the RBI's ability to cut interest rates would be impeded by high fiscal deficit levels. This could hit investments and credit growth in 2012-13. Rise in disposable incomes due to a favourable change in tax slabs and continuation of 1% interest rate subvention on home loans up to Rs 15 lakh (for houses below Rs 25 lakh) would benefit financiers.CEMENT State of the Industry Demand growth in the first 10 months of 2011-12 was a muted 6% year-on-year due to the slow pace of construction activity. Large capacity additions during the year are expected to further drag down operating rates to 74%. However, average pan-India cement prices rose by approximately 15% year-on-year. Price rise is expected to offset the pressure of rising input costs.Budget Impact The overall impact is expected to be neutral. The Budget has proposed to increase the ad valorem component of excise duty to 12% from 10% while reducing the specific duty component to Rs 120 per tonne for non-mini cement plants. This is likely to increase the effective excise duty by 1-1.5% for most companies. The proposal to exempt imported non-coking coal from basic customs duty (earlier at 5%) is expected to increase operating profit by 1-1.5% at the industry level. However, at the company level, the impact will vary based on its dependence on imported coal.INFRASTRUCTURE: ROADS State of the Industry Close to Rs 7 lakh crore investment is expected in roads and highways from 2011-12 to 2015-16 - more than double the amount pumped into the projects in the previous five-year period. Projects under National Highway Development Programme (NHDP) Phase I and II have largely been completed while awarding of projects under Phase III, IV and V is progressing at a brisk pace. Overall, approximately 40% of the total length under the NHDP is yet to be awarded.Budget Impact The overall impact is expected to be positive. National Highway Authority of India has been allowed to issue tax-free bonds totalling Rs 10,000 crore after last year's issue of Rs 10,000 crore was fully subscribed. This is expected to further support NHAI in its implementation of highway projects. At the corporate level, there has been a reduction in the withholding tax on interest payments of external commercial borrowings from 20% to 5%. This is expected to only marginally reduce the cost of borrowings of road developers since these companies' exposure to ECBs is limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12292698", "title": "I don\u2019t come cheap: Charmee", "text": "Following Kochi Times' reports that had stated that the producers of Malayalam film Tappana zeroed in on Charmee after they found other actresses like Ramya and Sameera Reddy too expensive for Mollywood, the actress in question points out that the role was offered to her in the first place.\"This role in Tappana came to me around five months back. And since the script is really good, I was very keen on doing it too.Unfortunately, at that point, I had no dates to give, so I had to opt out. But after checking in with a few other actresses, the production team approached me again. Because of their rescheduling, I was able to accommodate the new dates,\" says Charmee. But, she adds, \"That does not mean I am not expensive or come cheap. Yes, it is a smaller industry and one may not get offered the kind of money other industries offer, but I have earned this character. When you are talking about a role of a lifetime, it is silly to think of the money it is going to fetch you. And in any case, if I was so concerned about the money, I would have taken up a business instead. I am an artist and I am so because of the love and passion I have for cinema.\"The character Charmee is currently shooting for is that of a young married woman, who ends up serving a five-year sentence in jail for a crime. \"However, the role is not that of a 30 plus woman. If it was, they would not have cast me. I am only 23. I can't look 30 plus even if I wanted to.\"The actress also tells us that getting to work with Mammootty was another reason why she took up the role. \"I have worked with the biggest of stars in all the film industries -including Amitabh Bachchan . I do not want to miss out on working with 'the' superstar of Mollywood,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12307065", "title": "Must address \"difficult issues\" like Kashmir: Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Backing moves to open up Indo-Pak trade, Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari today said the two countries must also address &quot;difficult issues&quot; like the Kashmir dispute.Making history by becoming the first elected President to deliver a fifth address to a joint session of Parliament of a country that has been under military boots for most of its existence, Zardari faced a hostile House with the opposition booing and jeering to drown most of his epic address.Amidst a din, Zardari told lawmakers that \"important steps have been taken to open up trade between India and Pakistan\".\"But we must also address difficult issues, including that of the Jammu and Kashmir dispute,\" he said in a speech that outlined his government's policies, including foreign policy priorities, for the final year of its five-year term.In recent months, India and Pakistan have taken several steps to boost bilateral trade.The Pakistan government recently decided to switch over to a negative list regime for bilateral trade, paving the way for giving India Most Favoured Nation-status by the beginning of next year.The two countries have also agreed to increase trade to six billion dollars by 2014.Clad in a dark suit and standing beside a photo of his slain wife, former premier Benazir Bhutto , Zardari said that Islamabad was seeking a meaningful engagement with US and was awaiting parliament's nod.\"We seek to engage meaningfully with the US on the basis of mutual interest and mutual respect.\"We are looking forward to (parliament's) recommendations for re-engaging with the United States ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300445", "title": "Budget 2012: It\u2019s time to home in on that cheap loan", "text": "Home loans could get cheaper with the Budget proposing to undertake a number of measures to boost this sector. An insurance against defaults, additional refinance and an extension of interest subvention on low-cost homes are some of the measures that will drive home loans.\"The National Housing Bank (NHB) has been allowed to raise Rs 5,000 crore through tax free bonds. This is a positive for housing finance companies as the NHB provides us with refinance\" said V K Sharma, CEO, LIC Housing Finance. \"It is not clear whether housing finance firms would be eligible for external commercial borrowings, which have been allowed for low-cost housing but in either case it is a positive for the industry,\" he added.Announcing the measures for housing, Pranab Mukherjee said the government would set up a Credit Guarantee Trust Fund to ensure better flow of institutional credit for housing loans. The NHB had proposed a Trust Fund which would enable lenders to provide loans to low-income groups, including those in the unorganized sector.Besides this, the finance minister also extended the scheme whereby the government provides an interest subvention of 1% on housing loans up to Rs 15 lakh for purchase of homes with a value of up to Rs 25 lakh. While in the metros there are not many houses available for below Rs 25 lakh, banks said there was significant demand for loans under this scheme in smaller towns. It was widely expected that this scheme, part of the government's stimulus package after the financial crisis, would be rolled back in this budget.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12299212", "title": "Agarwal, four other SP leaders file Rajya Sabha nominations", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five Samajwadi Party candidates including SP leader and a known party hopper Naresh Agarwal filed their nominations on Friday for the biennial Rajya Sabha election due on March 30.Agarwal made his political debut as a Congress MLA. Later in the post Ayodhya demolition phase, he formed Loktantrik Congress and supported Kalyan Singh government in 1997. Thereafter, he joined the BJP, Samajwadi Party and BSP in the last one decade. Anticipating the decline of the BSP in the wake of its unpopularity in the state, he along with his son Nitin joined the Samajwadi Party just before the assembly poll. His political somersault has earned him goodwill from the SP, which gave ticket to his son from Hardoi.The other four candidates put up by the SP are: Darshan Singh , Kiranmay Nanda, a former West Bengal minister, Shradanand of Madhya Pradesh and Brijbhushan Tiwari. All of them filed their nominations in the presence of newly elected chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav and a host of senior SP functionaries.A cursory look at the affidavits filed by the SP candidates show that Naresh Agarwal has surprisingly a net worth of Rs 2.36 crore. This way he was just half of the total wealth of Congress nominee Rasheed Masood, who has total assets worth Rs 4 crore.With its strength of 226, the SP is able to win six out of total 10 RS seats, falling vacant on April 2. So, the party has decided to field Jaya Bachhan as its sixth candidate, who is all set to file her nomination on Saturday. She is expected to arrive here on Saturday along with her son and Bollywood star Abhishek Bachhan and daughter-in-law Aishwariya Rai to make the event even more colourful.With this, eight candidates have so far filed their nominations, for which the last date is March 19. The BSP has already put its two candidates earlier. They include party supremo Mayawati and Manquad Ali. The BJP has yet to decide its candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12299097", "title": "Student killed in accident on Bhandarkar Road", "text": "PUNE: A 20-year-old student of law died in an accident on Bhandarkar Road on late Thursday night.The deceased, Kunzang Youdol Skarma Paljor, hailed from Leh in Ladakh and lived at Shagun Apartments on the Law College Road. She was riding pillion on a motorcycle driven by her friend Nikhil Omprakash Yadav, 23, a resident of Bavdhan. Yadav suffered severe injuries and is undergoing treatment at a hospital in the city.Police sub-inspector of the Deccan Gymkhana police station V R Bhosale said that Yadav was on his way to drop Kunzang home around 11.45 pm. Their common friend, Aman Kesar, was behind them on another motorcycle. Yadav, who was at a high speed, did not notice the speed-breaker and bounced off the barrier. The motorcycle wobbled for about 60 feet and hit a roadside tree before crashing into the compound wall of the Shri Krishnakunj bungalow.Kesar took the help of local people to take both of them to a nearby hospital where Kunzang was declared dead. Yadav was later shifted to another private hospital.Yadav was pursuing higher studies while Kunzang had come to Pune in 2010. \"We have informed her parents. They will reach Pune by Friday night,\" Bhosale said. Yadav has been booked for rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299052", "title": "Budget 2012: A leader to rely on during tough times", "text": "It is always a huge challenge to present a budget that meets the expectations and aspirations of a continent-sized country. Pranab Mukherjee has shown pragmatism in presenting Budget 2012 by setting long-term development goals that will strengthen and sustain India's growth. He has struck a fine balance between fiscal consolidation and strengthening India's macro-economic fundamentals.The finance minister has to steer the country's economy in one of the most turbulent periods in the world's economic history. During this period beset by two global financial crises, India's average growth rate in the last five years has been over 7.9 %, something we should all be proud of. This is a result of outstanding economic leadership, strong macro-economic fundamentals and our resilience as a nation.India's growth rate of 7.6 %, anticipated in the year 2012-13, will be on par or even slightly ahead of China's-for the first time in almost three decades. This is a seminal achievement.The policy of the government in broadbasing growth to larger sections of the population through a slew of measures aimed at either improving livelihood opportunities or stepping up social welfare measures has been taken forward in this budget. It provides significant incentives for affordable housing that will fulfil the aspirations of millions of Indians. Incentives for increasing agricultural productivity and post-harvest facilities will provide additional growth impetus to this sector.The increased outlay to cover an additional 40 crore people from the current 20 crore-to a total of 60 crore-under UID-Aadhar is an important step in the government's decision to use this for a myriad of services.The finance minister clearly articulated the need for subsidies to be provided in a targeted manner. The mobile-based Fertiliser Management System being rolled out nationwide for end-to-end information on movement of fertilisers and subsidies is an important step in this direction.The global integration of our economy is clearly on a sustained growth path. Global trade today accounts for over 50% of our GDP, and our exports continue to grow at a healthy level. This is a testimony to the increased economic clout that our nation enjoys as well as the competitiveness of our businesses.All in all, this is a budget that will enhance, sustain and broadbase India's growth potential in the long term.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12300400", "title": "Leopard attacks security guard in Mysore, snared", "text": "MYSORE: After a seven-hour drama, forest department officials caught a leopard that attacked and injured a security guard at Adi Jambava Block locality in northeast Mysore on Friday.In the evening, forest officials released the big cat into the Anthara Santhe forest range in Nagarahole National Park, near HD Kote taluk, 50km from the city. It's perhaps the first time a leopard entered the city interiors. On earlier occasions, leopards were sighted only on the outskirts or at the foot of Chamundi Hills, where they are to found in fairly large numbers. Guard Abdul Rehman Pasha, 60, was attacked when he went to attend nature's call around 6am. The cat pounced on him, but Pasha escaped. It disappeared and was sighted again at midday.Officials tranquillized it around 1pm. Authorities suspect the four-year-old male leopard came from Chamundi Hills, 10 km from Adi Jambava Block, where hundreds of families of daily-wage workers live. Pasha has been a guard for eight years. Pasha's son Hussein says AJ Block is an unplanned locality. Almost everyone in the vicinity is poor.Residents said though forest officers reached the locality only around 7am. The officials left, only to return when the animal was spotted again at noon. Pasha, who is undergoing treatment at Krishna Rajendra Hospital, has injuries all over his body. His head is badly injured. Mysore sub-division Assistant Conservator of Forest CP Durgegowda said the forest department will bear all his medical expenses. He was surprised that no one had noticed the big cat passing through several localities or any attack on cattle had happened till late Thursday night. Forest vet Ramesh said the big cat was released into the forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300181", "title": "Budget 2012: It's time to wake up and smell the good brews", "text": "The coffee business will get an impetus from the reduction in basic customs duty from 7.5% to 5% on specified coffee plantation and processing machinery. Some say it could even encourage home-brewing of coffee.Coffee growers, brewers, grinders, roasters, processors, curers and retailers will now be able to import machinery and equipment at a lower cost. It will allow more farmers to import farming equipment like weed cutters, berry pluckers, grading and cleaning machines, sprayers and other plantation machinery. Coffee retailers may be able to import coffee dispensers, vendingmachines, blenders, shakers etc at a lower cost.Anil Bhandari, president of the India Coffee Trust, said most of these equipment are imported now and therefore the cut in import duty will give a boost to the coffee landscape in general.Marvin Rodrigues, chairman of Karnataka Planters' Association, said the reduction in import duty would complement Coffee Board's mechanization scheme. ``The board has been pushing for mechanization, taking cognizance of the acute labour shortage and wide-spread labour migration in the plantation industry. The only way to survive is to introduce mechanization,\" he said.Bose Mandanna, member of the Coffee Board and a large coffee planter from Coorg, said any reduction in import duty would benefit the entire coffee eco-system, be it growers, roasters, curers or retailers.The coffee culture in India is becoming stronger. The country's per capita coffee consumption now is 100 grams, up from just 60 grams three years ago. In England it is 9 kilograms, and in the US 5.5 kg.\"Coffee consumption is growing at 40% per annum in northern states, where it has not been the traditional beverage. The favorable duty structure will also help kick start a home-brewing culture. If coffee brewing machines are available in the Rs 5,000 to Rs 8,000 range, many households will be interested in them. Currently they are well over Rs 10,000,'' said Bhandari.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12299033", "title": "Question papers fall short on Day 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: Acute shortage of question papers and supplementary sheets gave students a tough time in many parts of the state on the first day of Board examinations. Even as officials remained tight-lipped over the issue, teachers association blamed their lack of planning and vision to conduct world's biggest exam. \"Education authorities proved the old proverb 'work in haste is waste' true,\" said R P Mishra, senior office-bearer of the UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh. More than 63 lakh student are expected to take the high school and intermediate examinations this time. In Lucknow, more than 1.15 lakh students are enrolled for board exams.On the first day, high school examinees appeared in Mathematics, Elementary Mathematics and Home science first paper in the morning session from 7.30 am to 10.45 am. On the other hand, Intermediate examinees appeared in Defense Science first paper in the morning shift and Physics, Business Organization and Home Science first paper in the afternoon shift. For differently-abled students 20 minutes extra time apart from the usual time slot would definitely go a long way in boosting the number of pass candidates from this category opined officials.Experience of students in different parts of the state proves what Mishra said. In Pioneer Montessori School for instance, over 500 students were to take the exam but less than 100 supplementary sheets available forcing the administration to use supplementary sheets meant for class XII students. Shortage of English version of the Mathematics paper in over a dozen city schools left students struggling. \"It is not easy to comprehend the question when there is a sudden switch over of language,\" said a parent who's child studies in Lucknow Public School, Jail road.Similar problems were heard from Bijnore, Farrukhabad, Mau and Hardoi. As per reports, students went on a rampage in Haldarpur police circle of Mau and the authorities were forced to cancel the exam in the second shift. Students of Rajkiya Balika Vidyalaya in Bijnore complained that they were being forced to pay a token amount to get their admit cards. In protest, students resorted to streets. The police in Farrukhabad was forced to cane-charge students who also protested lack of facilities during the exam.Six teenagers were injured in the incident.In Kanpur, a 16 year old Alok Kumar alias Shubham attempted suicide. His parents alleged that he had not received his admit card. Fearing that Shubham, a student of class XII in Vijay Public Inter School of Chakeri area, may not be able to take the exams, he consumed poisonous substance early on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12308629", "title": "Meghalaya govt eyeing IT hub status for state", "text": "SHILLONG: The state government has envisaged to make Meghalaya, which already has a comprehensive IT policy, the \"future IT destination\" of the eastern region of the country. \"The first step to towards this was taken in 2007-08 with the setting up of an IT park at Lumjingshai in Shillong with the help of the Software Technology Parks of India (STPI), Guwahati,\" an official in the IT department said. The second phase of the project has also been taken up, he added.In his address to the state assembly on the opening day of the ongoing budget session, governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary said, \"The vision of the state is to use information technology as a tool for the all-round development of the state with a focus on economic growth, wealth creation and employment generation.\"\"The projects of the State Wide Area Network (SWAN), State Data Centre (SDC) and Common Service Centers (CSCs) are all functioning in the state now and the department is in the process of horizontal expansion to reap the benefits of e-governance,\" an official of the IT department said. He added that the state service delivery gateway (SSDG) project is almost complete and the e-district project will soon be initiated in the state.\"The IT department has been providing support to all other departments in installation of hardware and software and this process will be continued in the next financial year,\" the official said. He said the IT department has provided desktops, laptops, UPS and printers as hardware support to the officers and staff in the state secretariat. \"We want to extend help to the district offices from the current year,\" he added.For capacity building, the department has entered into an agreement with Symantec as well as National Institute of Information Technology (NIIT) to increase the employment potential of the youth in the state, he said. \"The National Institute of Smart Governance has been conducting regular programmes to empower government employees with additional skills,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12300903", "title": "15-minute extra time to students now", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With a bonanza of 15 minutes additional time, the world's largest public school examinations conducted by UP Board for Secondary Education began on Friday amidst tight security and supervision of the district authorities.On the first day, high school examinees appeared in Mathematics, Elementary Mathematics and Home science first paper in the morning session from 7.30 am to 10.45 am. On the other hand, Intermediate examinees appeared in Defence Science first paper in the morning shift and Physics, Business Organisation and Home Science first paper in the afternoon shift. The examination was conducted peacefully and no untoward incident was reported from any centre, informed the DIOS, Rajendra Pratap.For differently-abled students 20 minutes extra time apart from the usual time slot would definitely go a long way in boosting the number of pass candidates from this category opined board officials.Relief from the burden of appearing in 3 papers in Mathematics and Hindi is also envisaged for Intermediate examinees given the fact that from this year onwards they would be appearing in two papers each in both the subjects.He said that this year a total of 3740585 and 2682790 students have registered themselves for high school and inter examination which means the total number of students who have registered this year stands at 6423375.Out of this 63 lakh are appearing in the examination this year. The number of examination centres in the state this year is 9884 whereas it was 9292 last year.A total of 75 collection centres have been set up in all districts and the board has already dispatched requisite number of answer sheets to different regions. This year also the board has identified 10 districts as sensitive where numbered answer books would be given to examinees.From Allahabad around 2,46,947 students are appearing in the board examinations out of which 1,37,809 are in high school while the remaining 109,138 in Intermediate.As a part of internal assessment under Continued and Comprehensive Evaluation( CCE) 30 marks were allloted in each subjecet for internal assessment of high school students at school level.Centre superintendants have also been armed with special powers as they would be acting as static magistrates in examinations to see that no unfair practices are adopted during examination at any level..For jail inmates 8 examination centres have been set up from where 157 high school and 117 intermediate examinees are appearing in the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12300449", "title": "Union Budget: Huge impetus for Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) project director P Sriram said the allocation of Rs 60 crore in the budget would fast track the Kochi Metro project. It is for the first time the Centre has made a major budget allocation for the project.Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) managing director Tom Jose said the move would give a huge impetus to the city`s dream project.However, experts monitoring the progress of Kochi Metro said the allocation of Rs 60 crore was insufficient for a project which is estimated to cost Rs 5146 crore. The project would still require external source of funding. The metro authorities had earlier stated that funds could be obtained from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to make the project become a reality. Tom Jose said the state government has taken all possible steps to get the administrative sanction for the project from the Union government which is expected to happen within 4-6 weeks` time.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12300390", "title": "Nothing to cheer here, says capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Friday, people across the city found little to cheer in the Budget and were feeling cheated. Sore over the marginal hike in income-tax exemption limit and disappointed by the 2% increase in service tax and excise duty, they said they were resigned to their fate. The PF interest cut they read about in the morning had been a bad omen.With summer at doorstep, the prices of air-conditioners and refrigerators will be going up besides phone bills and even eating out is set to become costlier. \"It's fine if airfare and price of luxury cars go up but this is too much. The marginal increase in the exemption limit for income tax will hardly make any difference,\" complained Gaurav Saxena, a real estate consultant.Many like Simmy Johney felt the hike in service tax across the board was unfair. \"A broad exemption slab for income-tax would have made a big difference for the middle class. I was expecting the exemption to go up to Rs 3 lakh. That's something that would have benefited me directly,\" said the research analyst. \"But the fact that cancer and HIV drugs have become more affordable is good,\" she said.Pankaj Agarwal, general secretary of Delhi Resident Welfare Association Joint Front, too felt disappointed at the marginal hike in income tax exemption. \"There are no tax reforms in this Budget either. As a citizen who has been paying taxes for the past 25 years, what social security do I have?\" he said.While some felt that the increase in excise duty and service tax was expected, most agreed that inflation will only go up. \" I had anticipated that service tax and excise duty would go up. The income-tax exemption up to Rs 2 lakh is a small relief. Almost all the airlines are suffering losses and hence increase in air fares was inevitable to bail them out,\" said Anand Prakash, manager (finance), at Glaxo SmithKline.Rakesh Shukla, a broadcast consultant, said the Budget was below his expectations. \"The government is thinking more from the market point of view and less about the common man. The tax exemption was a major disappointment. On a scale of 10, I would rate the budget 5.5,\" he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12299050", "title": "SP sacks 10 party workers for creating ruckus at swearing-in", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to send signals that no indiscipline by partymen would be tolerated at any cost, the Samajwadi Party on Friday expelled 10 persons for creating ruckus at the La Martiniere College ground, where Akhilesh took the chief minister's oath on Thursday. Two other SP workers were also expelled from the party on charges of indiscipline after they allegedly beat up an employment officer in Ghaziabad.On Thursday, soon after Akhilesh and his cabinet left the venue after taking their oath, an elated group of SP workers climbed on the stage and started raising slogans and tore off the decorative material. Some of them threw the microphones, leaving party top leadership red faced. On Friday, SP state president, Akhilesh Yadav expelled these workers after identifying them through the photographs published in different newspapers and news channels.Those suspended include Satish Kumar Sunny and Jalim Singh from Lucknow, Akmal, Naim, Rais and Ram Sahay Yadav from Agra and Sattar Yadav from Etawah. Likewise, Shiv Pujan Singh of Sultanpur and Babloo Ansari of Meerut were also shown the doors.The SP leadership was miffed with the indiscipline of the supporters. Party general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav said that the party would take action against those involved in misconduct and indiscipline. In another development, Akhilesh also expelled two SP workers -- Nahar Singh, an advocate and Ramesh Yadav -- who allegedly beat up an employment officer in Ghaziabad. The two had entered into a heated argument with the officer over registering a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12299035", "title": "Ex-army man killed by son over property", "text": "CHENNAI: A 74-year-old ex-serviceman was stabbed to death in Kodambakkam on Friday by his stepson, a taxi driver, allegedly over a property dispute.Police said Muthusamy, the retired army man, married a woman named Latha in 1994 after the death of his wife Santha due to cancer. Latha died of an illness in 2010 and her children - Srinivasan, Muthukumar and Geetha - began demanding a share of Muthusamy's property.On Friday, Srinivasan, a taxi driver, went to Muthusamy's house where he lay bedridden due to a hip injury. Muthusamy's niece Hemalatha who looked after him had left for the government hospital in Tambaram where she worked as a house-keeping supervisor.Srinivasan entered and demanded that Muthusamy register the property he owned at Thiruneermalai in his (Srinivasan's) name, police said. When the latter refused, Srinivasan stabbed him with a knife and fled. Neighbours rushed Muthusamy to the Government Hospital in Royapettah, where he was declared dead.The Kodambakkam police registered a case and nabbed Srinivasan at the Kodambakkam railway station while he was trying to flee. He was later remanded in judicial custody at the Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300073", "title": "PEC boy gets 2nd rank in GATE", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Prabhjot Singh Sahi of PEC University of Technology has secured an All-India second rank in Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) (mechanical specialization) after scoring a perfect 1,000 on 1,000 and beating 1,21,320 students from across the country.Sahi, a final-year student of mechanical engineering, now aspires to study space technology and join a leading space research organization.\"I believe that one must never stop dreaming and have faith in one's dreams. While preparing for the exam whenever I felt low, I would repeat American philosopher Willian James's quote - 'Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact,'\" he said.\"If given a chance, I would like to join ISRO, DRDO or Bhabha Atomic Research Centre after my BE (mechanical). Kalpana Chawla, who was also from PEC, is my icon,\" he smiled.Sahi believes in self-study, as he did not take any coaching to crack the GATE exam. \"Knowledge comes with passion and there is no substitute for it, but hard work. The credit for my success goes to my parents and teachers,\" he added. About the road ahead, he said, \"Engineers have to play an important role at a time when millions of dollars are being spent on importing high-tech aircrafts, tanks and other defense goods from developed countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12299448", "title": "FIIs not keen to take the Q from Pranab", "text": "The Budget turned out to be almost a non-event for foreign fund managers with barely any proposal in the finance minister's speech that was aimed at attracting foreign funds through the stock market route.Although the Budget proposed to allow qualified foreign investors (QFIs) to access the corporate bond market, people familiar with foreign investments said not many would be interested in tapping this route. The reason being that other avenues offer better tax treatment to their income in India.For foreign investors, the Budget has not signalled a turn, said Sampath Iyengar, MD, Ada Investments, a New York-based FII. \"India will still be viewed as the same emerging market with a steadily rising GDP, unable to fulfill its potential. Allocations to India will continue to be based on other factors as we have seen in early 2012.\"\"From here on, international events and their impact on India, and also the quarterly results, that will start coming from the second week of April, would be the focus,\" said Vikas Khemani, president &amp; head, wholesale capital market, Edelweiss Financial Services.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12308541", "title": "'Scientists should interact with people before enforcing new technology'", "text": "RANCHI: Green Revolution in India was not embraced readily as there was a community of environmentalist and ecologists who were sceptical about over usage of chemical fertilizer and pesticides still the revolution went through smoothly, said M S Swaminathan here on Saturday.The father of Green Revolution and Rajya Sabha member finds an urgent need of dialogue between scientific community and common people before any new technology is pushed into the society. Delivering the 2nd JRD Tata memorial lecture, \"Agriculture Food Security and a Happy India\", organized by XISS, he cited example of the Koodankulam project in Tamil Nadu. \"The project has been facing stiff resistance from the people because of lack of communication between the scientific community and people who fear the ill-effects of nuclear radiation,\" he said, stressing that the apprehensions are not unfound.Swaminathan also pointed to the debate on good and bad aspects of incorporation of biotechnology in food production. \"This is yet another aspect where people remain confused because of lack of scientific knowledge and proper study reports to convince them,\" he said.Describing JRD Tata as a visionary who believed in happy India instead of India as superpower he said that the JRD Tata Ecotechnology Centre is a perfect model for development in 21st century. \"It is a centre where there has been a marriage between traditional knowledge and formal technology so that while escalating heights of modern science the traditional knowledge bank is not ignored,\" he said, naming a few tribal women who have been champions of identifying plant genome. \"They may be illiterate but not ignorant,\" he said.Swaminathan stressed on the need for second green revolution or evergreen revolution to support the ever growing population. \"Life expectancy has increased from 29 years in 1947 to 64 years as of date and it's likely to go even further high and we would require more foodgrain per hectare of land and per unit of water available to feed them,\" he said.Swaminathan said that eastern India has the untapped potential of agriculture and by introduction of technology the yield could be increased. \"Food security bill pending with Parliament is all set to popularize nutritious cereals like ragi and millet because they are grown in toughest climatic condition and have the potential to feed population,\" he said.The memorial lecture was chaired by Birsa Agriculture University vice-chancellor M P Pandey whereas Anirudha Prasad, the professor of JRD Tata chair, gave a brief description about JRD Tata chair at XISS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300265", "title": "UT allocation lesser than 2011", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City Beautiful will not see many development works in the 2012-13 financial year as the UT administration has been allotted only Rs 75.34 crore (12%) more than last year in its plan budget. This is a sharp dip from the Rs 200.71 (47%) crore more that was allotted in 2011-12. UT had then gone to town taking credit for that hike.The UT has been allotted Rs 737 crore for plan budget, which is Rs 13 crore lesser than the proposed budget of Rs 750.70 crore. Under non-plan head, the UT has been allotted Rs 1,804 crore as against Rs 2,178.78 crore that it had asked for. The total increase, including both plan and non-plan budget, is Rs 110.99 crore. Whereas in the last financial year the increase was of 198.92 crore.Sources said though the detailed break-up of sanctions under various heads is yet to be compared with the budget estimates sent by the administration last month, the shortfall of nearly Rs 13 crore will certainly affect pace of certain projects.\"Metro Rail was not a part of the original budget estimate prepared by the finance department and the administration had to cull out provision for the Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) from other heads,\" said sources. Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300306", "title": "Flaunting brands will pinch youth", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Trend-conscious residents saw red on Friday as news of branded clothes getting costly got around. They said the hike in excise duty is too \"disappointing.\"However, mobile phones getting cheaper because of being exempted from basic customs duty, has brought some relief.\"With a substantial hike in excise duty, the worst part is that branded clothes will get even more expensive. Earlier, only eating out and paying for fuel was out of reach for youngsters, now even for branded clothes we will have to think hard,\" says Mohit, a final-year student of PEC University.Sonansh, a city resident who was shopping in sector 17 plaza, added, \"Although mobile phones getting cheaper is some relief, but branded clothes becoming more expensive is a disappointment.\" He added that although branded clothes would be out of reach for a segment of city residents, the indigenous industry is slated to benefit from it. \"The rates of branded clothes are too high as it is. For me, clothing is more about fashion and frequent change. Branded clothes are for select occasions, the price rise will force people to look for local options now,\" adds Sugandhi Goyal, an MBE student.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300820", "title": "A wag of Nandan Nilekani's tale: Aadhaar funds up", "text": "If there was a clear political winner in the budget, it was Nandan Nilekani. The finance minister peppered his budget speech with several references to how the corporate honcho-turned techno-politician's plans will become central to the subsidy schemes in the country and become the framework for payments under different schemes.\"I propose to allocate adequate funds to complete another 40 crore enrolments starting from April 1, 2012. The Aadhaar platform is now ready to support the payments of MGNREGA, old age, widow and disability pensions and scholarships directly to the beneficiary's accounts in selected areas,\" Pranab Mukherjee said.The allocation for Aadhaar was increased from the previous year's Rs 1,470 crore to Rs 1,758 crore for 2012-13.While Nilekani might still have to fight the battle of detail with the bureaucracy over his various plans, the signal from the top was clear. The recommendations of the task force headed by Nilekani on IT strategy for direct transfer of subsidy got the thumbs up from the finance minister. A mobile-based Fertilizer Management System (mFMS) along the lines that Nilekani had envisaged will be rolled out countrywide in 2012 to directly transfer subsidy to retailers in the first phase and then directly to the farmers.Mukherjee mentioned the successful pilots of transferring cash against purchase of LPG cylinders in Mysore, for kerosene in Alwar and validation of PDS beneficiaries in Jharkhand. \"It will be our endeavour to scale up and roll out these Aadhaar-enabled payments for various government schemes in at least 50 selected districts within the next six months,\" the FM said.Nilekani's UID plans had got locked in a turf war with the National Population Register which is overseen by the home ministry and his institutional framework for computerization of PDS had also not found favour with the food ministry. But Nilekani found support from the highest quarters of the government, the results of which were evident in the budget speech.Mukherjee also said, \"To ensure that the objectives of the National Food Security Bill are effectively realized, a Public Distribution System Network is being created using the Aadhaar platform. A National Information Utility for the computerization of PDS is being created. It will become operational by December 2012.\"Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12300062", "title": "Housewives say budget not good", "text": "PATNA: The intelligentsia and common people are disappointed with the Union budget. They described the budget as dull and disappointing for the salaried class.A senior teacher of B D College, U K Singh, said, \"There should have been an increase in the tax exemption limit up to Rs 3 lakh in general and up to Rs 5 lakh for senior citizens. Keeping in mind the hike in the salaries of teachers following implementation of the 6th pay commission recommendations, the hike in I-T exemption limit is quite disappointing,\" he said, adding teachers above 60 years in senior citizens category have not been any special treatment in the budget.Another teacher of Magadh University, R K Srivastava, said the Union budget disappointed not only the teachers but all those engaged in research and academic fields.Rita Sinha, Sulekha Kumari and Jyoti Sinha said the budget was not good for housewives as it proposed hike in prices of essential commodities. Besides, there was no need to hike the prices of jewellery, platinum items, other small household articles and telephone rates, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12300225", "title": "Advocates give deadline to govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The Advocates Association of Bangalore (AAB) on Friday decided to continue with their indefinite boycott while setting a March 19 deadline to the government to fulfil their demands in relation to the March 2 violence at the City Civil Court complex. The decision was taken at the general body meeting.\"We will undertake a mammoth Vidhana Soudha Chalo rally on March 20 if the government fails to meet the deadline. We will decide the future course of action on that day,'' said K N Subba Reddy, the association president. Interestingly, Subba Reddy conveyed the same to chief justice Vikramajit Sen. However, the chief justice observed: ``We are not involved in this. Nothing concerns us (in this).\"Reddy then requested the chief justice to give an audience to the office-bearers on Monday or Tuesday. The AAB is demanding among other things the transfer of DG&IG; Shankar Bidari (whose appointment has since been quashed by CAT) and police commissioner Jyothi Prakash Mirji alleging that they had failed to control the situation and were responsible for police excesses and intrusion of police inside court premises. They are also seeking for the resignation of the home and law ministers. While the high court functioned normally, the proceedings in the lower courts were affected due to the advocates' boycott.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300100", "title": "Hawara, Bheora produced in court amid tight security", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the ongoing trial of Beant Singh assassination case, Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) terrorists Jagtar Singh Hawara and Paramjit Singh Bheora were produced in a local court on Friday. In the absence of video-conferencing facility, they were brought here especially from Tihar jail in Delhi.Last November, breaching all security covers, activists of a radical Hindu group had attacked Hawara and Bheora inside the court complex. Therefore, this time police did not want to take any chance and tight security arrangements were made. Traffic movement was also restricted on the road facing the court and Sector 17 police station.Statements of UT Police inspector Deewan Singh and an official of electricity department Jagtar Singh were cross-examined in the court on Friday.\"Hawara and his accomplices had first failed the electricity supply of the Burail jail before escaping from there. At the time, Jagtar Singh and his team had examined the spot and made a report,\" said one of the prosecution lawyers. UT Police deputy superintendent of police Jagbir Singh was also expected to come to the court for cross examination, but did not come citing the reason of busy schedule. Defence lawyers also blamed the prosecution for delaying the case. \"There are 87 witnesses in the case and many of them do not turn up in the court on scheduled hearing dates for the cross examination of their statements. Prosecution is unnecessarily delaying the process,\" said Arvind Thakur, one of the defence lawyers.Next date of hearing is slated for April 19. Hawara and Bheora had dug a tunnel to run away from the Burail jail on the night of January 21, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12300978", "title": "Rise in service tax to make eating out a costly affair", "text": "MUMBAI: With service tax up by 2% in the Union Budget 2012 announced on Friday, eating out is set to get more expensive. Restaurateurs and hotel owners in the city are disappointed by this development and say this will adversely hit business as the tax burden would be passed on to customers. Many said it would lead to less footfalls and the flow of tourists to the city would slow to a trickle.Sudhakar Shetty, president of the Association of Hotels and Restaurants (AHAR), which covers 7,500 small and mediumsized eateries in the city, said AHAR had petitioned the Centre for a rollback in the existing 10% service tax and was shocked by the increase. \"Business is down and we will be forced to shift the burden of the additional tax to our customers,\" said Shetty.His concerns were echoed by Kamlesh Barot, president of the Federation of Hotels and Restaurants Association of India, who said room and food charges in the hospitality industry would go up for domestic as well as international tourists.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300968", "title": "Fails to lift flagging spirit: BJP", "text": "BJP on Friday questioned the budget's maths, insisting that the fiscal deficit target of 5.1% of GDP camouflaged the real revenue-expenditure gap and slammed the exercise as inflationary and lacking a big picture.Former finance minister Yashwant Sinha said the budget merely tinkered with schemes and did not contain any confidence building measures like a minimal dose of reforms to convince investors that India's growth story was not flagging. \"The budget ails to lift the sentiment of the economy,\" Sinha said.\"Higher taxes and expenditure coupled with inflation and high interest rates will make the Indian economy sluggish and place a burden on the common man,\" Sinha said, arguing that the budget exercise was a patchy job.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12299822", "title": "Iffi from Nov 20 to 30, will not clash with SFX feast: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Fulfilling an important demand of the Christian community in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced that henceforth the International Film Festival of India (Iffi), for which Goa is a permanent venue, will not clash with the feast of St Francis Xavier.Parrikar said that the directorate of film festivals in New Delhi has confirmed that the Iffi will now be preponed and held from November 20 to 30.\"This means there will be a clear three-day gap between the Iffi closing ceremony and the feast of St Francis Xavier , which is held on December 3,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12300108", "title": "Leopard on runway defeats wildlife department", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT forests and wildlife department is fast running out of ideas and time as the leopard marooned under the IAF runway passed its fifth day without food while suffering from extreme stress due to the disturbance of IAF aircraft and lorries.The next 24-48 hours will be critical for the big cat's survival. UT officials have adopted a \"wait and watch\" policy as the leopard is refusing to exit the cable-carrying pipe and step into the cage carrying live baits. Though the UT personnel have withdrawn from the vicinity of the cage, the chances of the leopard coming out are bleak. The cage, which shuts automatically, suffered damage on Thursday and was repaired at the IAF workshop. The situation is compounded by the fact that this is the first incident when UT officials are dealing with a trapped leopard.Wild animals usually die of hunger rather than coming out in the open to risk human confrontation. The department hasn't paid any heed to wildlife biologist Vidya Athreya's suggestion to let the leopard free by opening up the pipe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12298759", "title": "Emaar scam accused Acharya walks out of jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Nampally special court here on Friday set free IAS officer B P Acharya in the Emaar scam case. The court said the case filed by CBI against Acharya and another IAS officer LV Subrahmanyam in the Emaar case was not sustainable. Acharya was named accused number one while Subramanyam was accused number 10. After the papers from the court reached the Chanchalguda jail, Acharya who had been lodged there since February 2, walked out at 4.45 pm.However, the court took cognizance of the chargesheet the CBI filed against former IAS officer K V Rao, accused number 11, and others. The CBI immediately moved a petition asking the court to suspend the Acharya bail for a week to challenge the validity of the order in the AP High Court. But the court dismissed the plea. Citing the CBI's failure to secure the mandatory sanction from the Centre to prosecute officials under the Prevention of Corruption Act, special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma said that keeping the officer in judicial remand or extending it was improper.The judge ordered release of Acharya with conditions that he should surrender his passport and furnish a surety of Rs 25,000 and that he should not leave Hyderabad. He was also directed to appear before the court on April 30. Acharya's IAS officer wife Ranjeeva Acharya furnished the required surety. Meanwhile, the court said Centre's sanction was not needed to prosecute K V Rao as he was no more in service and took cognizance of the chargesheet against him.Today's relief for Acharya and Subrahmanyam is purely technical and it is not a statement on the merits of the case filed against them by the CBI.Since the CBI has not been able to secure the Centre's sanction with regard to any of the arrested or chargesheeted IAS officers in various cases it is probing, there are bright chances for Y Srilakshmi, another IAS officer who was arrested in the illegal mining case, to walk free.The judge extended the judicial remand of Koneru till March 30 in the Emaar case while reserving his orders on the bail plea of N Sunil Reddy, another accused in the case, to March 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12300886", "title": "Budding engineers share ideas on new avenues", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The IEEE Student Branch, Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad completed its first year and this occasion is being commemorated by organizing a conference to motivate student scholars who are working in the area of Engineering and Systems.The three day conference which began on Friday has been arranged to provide a platform for research students to present their original work. This convention has the tagline \"Inspiring Engineering and Systems for Sustainable Development\".The very first day of this three day event led to sharing of knowledge at a highly technical platform.The conference witnessed the participation of student researchers and academicians from various national institutes like, IITs, NITs, IT-BHU, ISM Dhanbad, State Engineering Colleges, National Universities and institutes from other countries. This conference has delivered a glimpse of research and development in various facets of science and technology.The enthusiastic response sent substantive feelers for the promotion of technological growth as per current need. It also provided a common platform for the exchange of ideas, sharing of knowledge and experience among the participants and experts from academia and industries, to benefit the budding engineers and researchers.Paulson Samuel, Conference chair welcome the guests. Prof. Vineeta Agarwal, Chair Technical Committee, given the technical report of the conference. Chief Guest Hirdesh Kulshreshtha, Unit M. D. ALSTOM, Naini Allahabad, inaugurated the event and boosted the listeners with his stirring speech. He delivered the inaugural talk on the topic \"Alstom's presence in T &amp; D Sector\".The Director, MNNIT Allahabad, Prof. P. Chakrabarti commended the faculty as well as the students for their distinctive quest in arranging this platform. He delivered the plenary talk on the theme \"New Avenues Leading to Next Generation Electronics\". Amongst the prominent speakers were Dr. R. Rahiya from CMM, ITALY.He delivered the keynote speech on the topic, \"Multifunctional Bendable Electronic Systems\". The other prominent keynote speakers included Prof. R. K. Singh, Head EED MNNIT who delivered the talk on the topic, \"Distributed Generation\", and Dr. R. Tripathi, Head ECED MNNIT delivered talk on \"Unanswered MAC layer and routing issues of vehicular AD-hoc Networks\".Total 7-technical sessions were conducted on the first day.The vote of thanks was expressed by Dr. Rajesh Gupta, Organizing Chair of the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12298702", "title": "Azad killed in genuine encounter: CBI to Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday put a lid on civil rights groups' protests over the killing of CPI (Maoist) leader Cherukuri Rajkumar alias Azad and journalist Hemchandra Pandey by filing a final probe report before the Supreme Court terming the encounter as genuine and giving a clean chit to Andhra Pradesh police.Pandey's widow Bineeta had sought an independent probe into the encounter killing of her husband along with Azad and her counsel Prashant Bhushan sought a copy of the CBI's probe report, but both additional solicitor general Harin Raval and AP counsel, senior advocate Altaf Ahmed, opposed it.Social activist Swami Agnivesh had also moved the SC doubting the AP police version of the encounter killing of Azad, on whose capture or killing the state government had put a reward of Rs 12 lakh. A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai told Bhushan, \"The CBI appears to have done a thorough, painstaking job and the investigation report does not bear out your apprehensions.\"The encounter took place in Adilabad district on July 1, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12300861", "title": "Small is social: Micro units get some credit", "text": "The budget has announced a Rs 5,000 crore venture fund for micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) with SIDBI to enhance availability of equity to these units.In his budget, the FM tried to address the problems of access to affordable credit to the MSME sector as a majority of the units are unorganized and financial institutions are reluctant to lend to it in the absence of collaterals.Two SME exchanges have been launched in Mumbai recently to enable these enterprises greater access to finance.Saying that MSMEs are the building blocks of the country's economy, the FM admitted that these units rely primarily on loans from banks and informal sources to raise capital.The government has approved a policy which requires ministries and central PSUs to make a minimum of 20% of their annual purchases from MSEs with the aim to promote market access to the sector, which is a major employer in the country. Of this, 4% will be earmarked for procurement from MSMEs owned by SC/ST entrepreneurs.Among other measures, the turnover limit for compulsory tax audit of accounts as well as for presumptive taxation is proposed to be raised from Rs 60 lakh to Rs 1 crore for MSMEs.The FM also proposed to exempt capital gains tax on sale of a residential property, if the sale consideration is used for subscription in equity of a manufacturing MSME company for purchase of new plant and machinery.Mukherjee said the MSME sector is a fertile ground for production of low-cost medical devices and reduced basic customs duty to 2.5% with concessional CVD of 6% on specified parts, components and raw materials for the manufacture of some disposables and instruments. The full exemption from basic customs duty and CVD was extended to specified raw materials for manufacture of coronary stents and heart valves. But these concessions would be subject to actual user condition.Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12298865", "title": "Hyderabad cheers, half-heartedly", "text": "HYDERABAD: For Hyderabadis, the few things good about the Budget were laced with something bad. If the young were happy about mobile phones and television sets becoming cheaper, they rued the rise in service tax, which would make eating out very expensive.Salaried employees said they were glad that there was no additional direct tax burden, but at the same time rued the insignificant rise in the tax exemption limit. The T-hit realty sector hoped that there could be some movement in the affordable housing sector, but said that the rise in steel and cement prices was a dampener.Film enthusiasts and filmmakers were happy that service tax would not be imposed on the industry but across sectors Hyderabadis admitted that evading tax is not going to be easy anymore.\"The Budget has been very disappointing given the blanket rise in excise duty of all commodities, right from soaps to clothes,\" rued Abhay Jain, a city chartered accountant.The worst hit with the high service tax are students and young professionals. \"Eating out is already very expensive here and we will be unable to afford it now,\" said Gurtejbir Sandhu, a B.Com student.\"The hike in service tax actually means we will have to pay more not just at restaurants, but also for other services like cabs or at beauty parlours,\" said Karthika Anagha, student, St Francis College for Women Begumpet.But for those who have just started working the tax exemption from Rs 1.8 lakh to Rs 2 lakh was a welcome announcement.\"Most of us earn around Rs 15,000 to Rs 16,000 and so we can indeed enjoy the improved tax exemption limit,\" said Archana Gangadharan, who started working last October.The city's real estate and film industry sectors welcomed the budget, the former with some reservations though.\"With a service tax exemption on affordable housing (no service tax up to 60 sq m), we can expect to see more small-scale projects in the city that have been missing from the topography so far. Also welcome has been the move to exempt rental housing from the service tax bracket.\"However, what could adversely affect the industry is a further rise in price of steel and cement. Even transportation I believe is likely to be costlier now,\" said C Sekhar Reddy, president, CREDAI (AP). But filmmakers were gung ho about the service tax exemption.\"That is the best thing that could have happened to the film industry. If the government went ahead and imposed service tax as it had planned to, the film industry would have got badly affected.\"I would say, it would have got finished off but now the industry will survive,\" said D Suresh Babu, president A P Film Chamber of Commerce.But many Hyderabadis, however, were counting something else on Friday - Sachin Tendulkar's much awaited ton, and chose to remain oblivious to the Budget that they knew would not have anything substantial for the middle class.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-17"}
