{"city": "None", "code": "16779816", "title": "Manni Sandhu presents Balle Balle", "text": "Made up primarily the footage filmed over the last 3 years, the video takes us on a tour of the journey Manni has encountered whilst working on his album and provides an insight into what he has been doing since the late February release.The finale of the video takes viewers through a high-speed voyage of Manni's musical career; from releasing his first mixtape on the internet at the youthful age of 13 to releasing his first official debut album almost 10 years later in 2012.\"My aim was to bring to light the journey I've been on to the younger generation of bedroom producers and musicians. It shows that through hard work, training and dedication, anything is possible, and they can indeed live their dream like I am able to do today,\" Manni.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16777003", "title": "Chief Justice warns judges against corruption", "text": "CHENNAI: Madras high court Chief Justice M Y Eqbal on Thursday warned subordinate judicial officers in Tamil Nadu that corruption allegations against them would be viewed seriously, and pointed out that the high court is probing about 500 petitions against judges.\"If we consider that some complaints are frivolous, or even if some complaints are made about procedural irregularities, we may take a lenient view. But in serious matters like corruption allegations, the high court will not compromise. At present there are about 500 petitions under the scrutiny of the high court, and there are about 900 judicial officers in the state,\" Justice Eqbal said, while addressing a function organised to formally induct 167 civil judges (junior division) here.The chief justice said he was forced to use \"harsh words\" because \"nowadays the common opinion of the general public is not appreciative. Judicial officers also are equally blamed along with any other government solutions.\"Reassuring the young inductees that drastic action such as suspension or removal from service will not be taken, the Chief Justice, however, said: \"We will be keeping a watch on all the petitions received. If we receive petitions continuously, then we will be compelled to take the drastic action of suspending judicial officers.\" In this context, he pointed out that only last week the district judge of Ramanathapuram was suspended on corruption charges.Justice Eqbal said the newly selected judicial officers must be conscious of their position and conduct themselves accordingly. \"This is something like adopting a disciple to a mutt or ashram,\" he said, adding: \"Though your freedom is not totally curtailed, you have to avoid other social gatherings in order to avoid criticism.\"Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, in his speech, said sheer quantum of justice without quality would be disastrous. \"The elements of judiciousness, fairness, equality and compassion cannot be allowed to be sacrificed at the altar of expeditious disposal,\" he said. \"Be bold to be honest and be honest to be bold\" -- this was his message to the inductees. As a measure of caution, he said: \"Try to be an asset to the institution and not a headache. Do not think that I am warning you all. Take it in right spirit since my only endeavour is to impress upon you all to uphold the majesty of justice at all times\". The chief justice later administered oath of office to the new subordinate judicial officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16776886", "title": "Minister promises more facilities to sportspersons in Dharwad", "text": "DHARWAD: The indoor stadium in Dharwad, which is now accessible to sports buffs paying the prescribed fees, is likely to be made available to select band of sportspersons free of cost.The sportspersons who have made a mark in the district/state/national level will be permitted to practice at the stadium free of charges, if minister for youth services and sports Appachu Ranjan has his way.The minister, who visited the indoor stadium and R N Shetty stadium in Dharwad on Wednesday, said he had received petitions from sportspersons that they are made to pay heavy fee to practice at the stadium and he would soon issue orders making the facility available. He said there were complaints that only officers are allowed to play at the stadium which has badminton courts. \"I will ask the administration to fix separate timing for the officers to play,\" Ranjan said. On improving infrastructure at R N Shetty stadium in Dharwad and other sports arena in the district, Ranjan said he would arrange to sanction Rs 2.5 crore for Dharwad district and it would be left for the district administration to decide how the funds should be utilized.He also promised to revamp the stadium committee headed by the deputy commissioner. The committee will have legislators, representatives of sports associations and select sportspersons. The committee will take decisions regarding the improvement and maintenance of the stadium complex.Reservation in govt jobsRanjan said the government is mulling over giving reservation for sportspersons in government jobs. On the Karnataka Youth Policy, Ranjan said the draft policy would be given a final shape before being presented in the assembly, he said, and added that the government was planning to name it after Swami Vivekananda. He admitted that the sports department was facing shortage of coaches and said recruitment of coaches would begin in a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16777798", "title": "Special neonatal ambulance launched in Madurai district", "text": "MADURAI: Aiming to reduce the neonatal mortality rate in the city, an ambulance equipped with all the facilities to ferry newborns to emergency care was launched by the Emergency Management Research Institute in Madurai on Thursday.The ambulance is provided with state-of-the-art equipment like a transport incubator, ventilator, pulseoxymeter, suction apparatus, transilluminator and advanced life-saving medications like surfactants, fresh frozen plasma etc. Besides, a Neonatal Emergency Medical Technician (NEMT) will be present in the vehicle to attend to the infants.Two such ambulances were launched in Chennai in June 2011 and there are three ambulances operating in Chennai, 108 sources said. Another neonatal ambulance was in operation in Chengelpet and Kancheepuram district while one more was introduced in Dharmapuri district recently. \"This will be the fifth ambulance and the first of its kind in southern Tamil Nadu,\" said G Thanigaivel Murugan, district manager of 108 services. The ambulance will cover the entire district of Madurai and the government has proposed to equip each district with two ambulances in future, he stated.Explaining the method of operation, Murugan said that the neonatal ambulance would attend to emergency neonatal cases and during instances when it was unavailable due to some reason, the newborn babies would be rushed by an ordinary 108 ambulances to nearby hospitals where neonatal care facilities are available in Madurai district like the Government Hospitals in Melur, Usilampatti and Thirumangalam. \"After stabilising the baby, we will use this special neonatal ambulance to transfer the infant to the Government Rajaji Hospital for further treatment,\" he stated. The new ambulance will be stationed at the ESI Hospital premises in Madurai, he added.District collector, Anshul Mishra inaugurated the service and the 108 staff explained the advance equipments available in the ambulance. Thanigaivel Murugan said that they received around 80 calls in a month pertaining to neonatal emergencies like respiratory problems, complications after birth etc. The Institute of Child Health and Research Centre in Madurai receives nearly 300 such cases every month. Hence, such an exclusive vehicle would be a great help, he said.Special neonatal ambulance launched in Madurai district", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16777105", "title": "Mysore Against Corruption to hold RTI Fest", "text": "MYSORE: Here's an opportunity to know how to write applications for RTI and seek information under the \"most-powerful act\". Mysore Against Corruption (MAC), which has been in the forefront in education people on RTI through several programmes, is planning to take its activities one level further by organizing RTI Fest on October 14.According to MAC members, many people are unaware of RTI, despite after eight years of its enforcement. MAC member and RTI activist G R Vidyaranya said there is lack of awareness about RTI among people. \"They do not know its importance in eradicating corruption,\" he added.MAC has been highlighting the importance of RTI by visiting colleges and interacting with students or conducting seminars and lecture series. Under RTI Fest, MAC wil conduct different programmes for different set of people: RTI for beginners, RTI for serious applicants and Sakala. Swami Vivekananda Youth Movement founder and MAC member Dr R Balasubramaniam will address and interact on 'RTI for serious applicants. RTI activist G R Vidyaranaya will speak and interact on Sakala - Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act (2011).Speaking to TOI about their programmes, MAC member M S Vinod said that they will screen RTI-related video clippings and short movies. Attending the programme for even an hour will enlighten the participants about RTI, he added.'Beru', a video of a street play on RTI directed by T N Seetharam on government work culture, and 'Jaan-ne Ka Haq', a Hindi video song on RTI, will also be screened. While the interaction programmes and video screenings are on, SVYM volunteers will guide people on filing RTI applications. They will write a draft RTI application and guide on submitting the same at government offices. \"But they have to come with the relevant documents,\" Vidyaranya added.RTI-realted case studies, serious templates and success stories will be discussed on the occasion. Vinod said youths have the power to bring positive changes in the country. To reach out to students, he has visited different colleges in the city and keeps in touch with them on networking sites.MAC will also conduct a cycle rally on October 13 to inform people about RTI Fest. A group of 20 members will start the rally at the open-air theatre and pedal through major areas in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16776746", "title": "Coimbatore businessman held for drunken driving", "text": "COIMBATORE: A prominent businessman in the city was arrested on Thursday for drunken driving. According to police, the businessman engaged in rash driving and damaged barricades near Eachanari early Thursday morning. As he continued driving even after damaging the check post, police chased and nabbed him. He was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where a test revealed that he was under the influence of alcohol.Police said, R Bhavani Shankar, 46 from Race Course in the city was engaged in the cotton yarn business. On Thursday around 2.30 am, Podanur special sub-inspector of police Gandhi and sub-inspector Krishnaleela conducted a vehicle check near Eachanari temple. A speeding Mercedes Benz rammed into the barricades. When police asked him to stop, he refused to do so. Consequently, he was chased and nabbed. On interrogation, police found that Bhavani Shankar was at the wheel and he was drunk. Initially, he told police that his driver escaped after he rammed the car into the barricades. But they did not believe him. Bhavani Shankar then threatened the police saying he was from a royal family and thus they should not book him.Police then took Bhavani Shankar to CMCH to determine whether his alcohol level exceeded the permissible limit when at the wheel. When the test revealed that he was driving under the influence of alcohol, police registered a case against him under section 185 (drunken driving) of Motor Vehicle Act, 279 (rash driver or riding on a public way), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 3 of public property damage act.The businessman was produced before the Judicial Magistrate Court -VII and the court remanded him to judicial custody for 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16774833", "title": "Most rapes in Haryana consensual: Congress leader", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the Haryana government continues to scramble to handle the surging rape cases in the state, a Haryana Pardesh Congress committee (HPCC) member Dharamvir Goyat on Thursday brought up fresh embarrassment for the government by terming \"majority of rapes in the state as consensual\".Goyat made this comment while interacting with mediapersons at Hisar.\"If we go into the details of rape cases and abductions, it is found that victims and accused in 90% of cases are runaway couples. So the cases are consensual\" he said.His comments drew immediate flak from the National Commission for Women chairperson Mamata Sharma. She launched a scathing attack on Goyat asking him to \"respect women before making tardy assessments of such a heinous crime\".\"Rape is a reproach on Haryana. Rather than suggesting measures to control and set his government's house in order, he's inciting more such cases\" Sharma told TOI over phone. She said that Haryana remains the only state that has been grappling with two rising social crimes against women - female feticide and rape.Goyat's comment come close on the heels of the Opposition leader INLD chief Om Parkash Chautala's endorsement of the Khap panchayat, seeking lowering of women's age to marry to prevent rape cases. His comments had created a nationwide stir on Wednesday. Citing marriages in Mughal era, Chautala had said that \"people would marry girls early during those days to prevent cases of rapes\"Chautala, however was forced to take back his comments, after the issue drew ire of several women activist groups.The Congress is already under fire after the party-ruled Haryana state has reported 17 rape cases in the past one month. Congress chief and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi had on Tuesday visited Jind where a Dalit teenager had committed suicide after being gangraped by a group of men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16776984", "title": "Congress slams Nagaland govt over lost arms", "text": "DIMAPUR: The opposition Congress on Thursday slammed the Nagaland government over the number of lost arms and ammunition from 1998 to 2012, terming it 'anti-national'.On September 21, state home minister Imkong L Imchen had disclosed that 153 arms and 44,550 rounds of ammunition were lost in the time period.The Congress, training its guns on the NPF-led Democratic Alliance of Nagaland (DAN) government said of this disclosed number, only 22 arms and 6,480 rounds of ammunitions were lost between 1998 to 2002, clearly indicating that most weapons were lost during the DAN rule.The party said between 2003 to 2012, 46 .303 rifles, 35 SLRs, 15 sten guns, nine AK rifles, seven 9mm carbines, five 9mm pistols, four .38 revolvers, one .22 rifle and one 7.62 LMG were lost. In 2012, 42 .303 rifles, 21 SLRs and 23,218 rounds of ammunitions were lost under the Zunheboto police unit alone.The opposition said the losses were unprecedented and added that except three occasions, all other arms and ammunitions were lost by police personnel.On April 21 this year, Assam Rifles and Dimapur police had busted NSCN(IM)'s ammunition dump in the Sukhovi area during an operation. Four persons were arrested, of which one was identified as constable armourer Enyimi Chakhesang of Nagaland Police. He confessed of having links with the rebel group for the past seven years.Congress said the arrested constable's posting was at the police headquarters in Kohima but was attached with the police central store at Chumukedima in Dimapur. This exposed the presence of insider anti-establishment operatives working in a well organized network, the party added.Following the incident, the government instituted a committee to verify the stocks of arms and ammunition in all units. The exercise, however, was futile as the public came to know that arms and ammunition were shifted from one unit to another to make up the lost quantities, the Congress alleged.\"The fact that huge quantity of arms and ammunitions were lost in 2012 alone prove that the losses were well-orchestrated and channelized to anti-national elements with an intention to use it during the coming election,\" it said.\"The experiences in 2003 and 2008 elections were living proof. With huge quantities of arms and ammunition on the loose, no free and fair election can be expected in 2013 assembly election,\" the party added.The NPCC demanded immediate dismissal of the DAN government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774599", "title": "'India committed to taking biodiversity agenda forward'", "text": "HYDERABAD: India has a budget allocation of Rs 11,000 crore for biodiversity which clearly underlines the country's commitment to this issue, MF Farooqui, the special secretary to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) said on Thursday. Farooqui was addressing the media on the fourth day of the Conference of Parties (CoP -11) on biological diversity being held in the city.Speaking about the progress made at the meet so far, the special secretary said that there was large-scale consensus among parties on most matters including resource mobilisation, which has been at the focal point of all deliberations. \"As the president of the convention, India is working towards taking the agenda of biodiversity forward and persuading members to reach common ground,\" Farooqui added. The three primary areas being discussed as part of the international conference are conservation, access and benefit sharing and sustainable development. Efforts were also being made by participating delegates, Farooqui said, to establish close links between biodiversity and livelihoods.Indian authorities were doing all they could for capacity-building and spreading awareness about the need to protect the biological wealth of the country. When asked to comment on the contentious issue of the national investment board that has been proposed by the centre recently but met with stiff opposition from MoEF minister Jayanthi Natarajan , Farooqui said, \"I would rather focus only on biodiversity and not other issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16777017", "title": "Three students feared drowned", "text": "SHILLONG: Three Class XI students of BSF Higher Secondary School are feared to have been drowned by the waters of the Spread Eagles falls in the city on Thursday. \"Three of our friends drowned,\" one of the pupils, who was a witness to the incident, said.The pupils had gone for bathing at the falls, which was in full gush following torrential rain. The incident occurred at 1 pm. A search operation is on to locate the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16777074", "title": "Graphic designer found with throat slit in T Nagar office", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old graphic designer was found murdered, with her throat slit, in her office on Varadharajan Street in T Nagar on Thursday. Police said 2.5 sovereigns of gold jewellery that she was wearing had apparently been taken by her assailants.Jothilakshmi had been working for Future Line magazine for four years. The owner of the publication, Sri Kumar, found Jothilakshmi's body when he arrived at the office at 6pm.Investigators said Jothilakshmi's attackers appear to have stolen the gold chain and two rings that she was wearing, but did not take other jewellery.Joint commissioner of police (south) K P Shanmugarajeshwaran said the woman's attackers may have targeted her for the gold, but investigators have not ruled out other motives for the crime. \"Her earrings and nose stud were intact and there was no sign of a struggle,\" he said.The single-room office is isolated from the main building, with its doors facing away from residential houses in the two-storey structure.Sri Kumar, who has been bringing out the magazine for more than five years, found the main door of the office locked from outside. \"When he entered the office, he discovered Jothilakshmi's body, covered in blood. He informed her husband, Muthupandi, about what had happened before alerting police,\" an investigating officer.Jothilakshmi and Muthupandi have a six-year-old child.People living in the vicinity of the office told investigators that they did not see strangers in the locality or hear Jothilakshmi cry for help. \"They said Jothilakshmi did not speak to anyone outside the office,\" the officer said. \"They saw her only when she arrived at the office in the morning and when she went home for lunch.\"Jothilakshmi's house is just two streets away from the office. \"She usually came home for lunch at 3 pm, but failed to turn up today,\" a neighbour said.Police questioned Sri Kumar in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777278", "title": "Man stabbed to death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 42-year-old man was stabbed to death in Rakhial on Wednesday. Police are yet to know the reason for the crime or identity of the assailants.Police identified the deceased as Afsar Khan Pathan, 42, a resident of Jethalal ni Chali, Rakhial. The incident occurred when Pathan was walking near Dinosaur circle at 2.45 pm. At that time, three youths arrived in an autorickshaw and stabbed him repeatedly in the stomach and back.\"The assailants fled from the spot. Pathan staggered towards a nearby shop and collapsed on the spot. He was rushed to Shardaben Hospital in EMRI 108 ambulance. He died before we could record his statement at 7.15 pm,\" said Rakhial police station inspector M P Patel.Police said Pathan used to work as a clerk at a fair price shop and had no enemies. \"Soon after the attack, Pathan told his relatives that he didn't know the assailants,\" Patel said. Siraz Khan Pathan, the deceased's brother, has filed a complaint for murder in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776749", "title": "15-year-old girl gang-raped", "text": "KOCHI: The Ernakulam rural police on Thursday launched a probe into the complaint lodged by the parents of a 15-year-old girl. Her parents complained that their daughter had been allegedly raped by a group of people at Kothamangalam. Police said that they had begun a probe into the complaint and have identified the suspects in the case. The parents complained that around 15 people allegedly took the girl to various places and raped her.\"The girl is in our custody. We have taken her statements. The accused will be taken into custody in the coming days. We are looking at her mobile phone records,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16774598", "title": "Stallions restore some pride with 6-wicket win over Hampshire", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Sialkot Stallions will go back home with some pride as they pipped Hampshire by six wickets in their inconsequential Pool 1 qualifying match of the Champions League Twenty20 tournament on Thursday.ScorecardIt was a dead rubber since both the teams have already been eliminated. Auckland Aces had qualified for the main draw from Pool 1 after defeating both Hampshire and Sialkot in the earlier matches.Stallions did a good job by restricting Hampshire to 143 for eight after electing to bowl and then overcame a poor start to overhaul the target with five balls to spare.Left-handed batsman Haris Sohail played a vital unbeaten knock of 63 runs and raised a 96-run match-winning partnership with skipper Shoaib Malik (39) for the fourth wicket in Stallions' win.The Pakistan domestic T20 champions were playing in the CLT20 tournament first time but could not qualify for the main competition.It was Glenn Maxwell's quick-fire 42 off 29 balls and his 56-run partnership with Shahid Afiridi (14) that had lifted the English County team to a decent total from a miserable 66 for four in 11 overs.Hampshire bowlers raised hopes of win by getting three quick wickets, reducing the rivals to 28 for three in seven overs but Malik and Sohail responded to the SOS call well.They took time to settle down as the ball was doing a bit for the bowlers and gradually shaped and paced the innings.Stallions had lost both the openers -- Imran Nazir (0) and Shakeel Ansar (15) inside fifth over. Nazir was castled by spinner Liam Dawson in the very first over while Ansar was scalped by David Griffiths .Shahid Yousuf (3) was brilliantly caught by Maxwell at point off Chris Wood and Stallions were struggling at 28 for three in seven overs.Malik together with Sohail repaired the innings well before being stumped off Afridi at the start of the 18th over. Sohail, whose knock came off 57 balls with eight fours and a six, though completed the job by staying till the end.Earlier, the pitch had both bounce and turn and the Pakistani bowlers made life tough for the English County side.Opener James Vince (18) looked in good touch as he hit Asif for three consecutive boundaries in the second over but the flourishing start was squandered since a terrible mix up with Michael Carberry (11) resulted in his run out.Malik (1/15) then removed Carberry, whose miscued shot landed in the hands of short fine-leg fielder. Malik could have got a second wicket but he dropped Sean Ervine (then on 7) in his follow through.Ervine, though could not cash in on that dropped chance and he too became a run out victim when he went for a non-existent second in Malik's next over.It was second direct hit by the Pakistani fielders, resulting in run out.The pitch had both bounce and turn and Sarfraz Ahmed and Naved-ul-Hasan bowled a very hostile spells of fast bowling as Hampshire managed just 59 runs on board at half-way mark.Out of frustration, Adams (14) went for an extravagant shot, a reverse sweep off spinner Raza Hasan , but missed the lined completely and was adjudged leg-before.Maxwell took on the left-arm paceman Ahmed, lofting him for a six and a four in the 12th over and then launched Naved for two consecutive sixes, lifting the gloom.However, he and Afridi could not provide the finishing touches to their innings.The two batsmen departed in successive balls in the 16th over while launching into paceman Umaid Asif.Asif was the most expensive bowler, leaking 42 runs in his four overs but others were economical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16777389", "title": "Mumbai local accident: Student was on way to SSC re-exam when he fell off train", "text": "MUMBAI: Satish Meravala (16) was full of determination for writing a good exam on Thursday when he left home early in the morning. But destiny had other plans.Satish, an SSC student, had failed his board exams in March and was to appear for re-exams from Thursday. He left a few overcrowded local trains before finally boarding one from Sion. But even before the train reached Dadar, Satish fell on the tracks along with four others from his compartment. Satish fell on his head and the others tumbled on him, so he suffered grievous head and facial injuries. He was rushed to Sion Hospital, but succumbed to his injuries by 12.30pm.\"We had planned to return to our native village in Chittoor earlier this year. But Satish insisted he will return only after finishing his SSC. We stayed back in the city only so he could study,\" said his father Kupayya, still unable to believe his son was no more. Kupayya, originally a farmer from Andhra Pradesh, is a daily wage construction worker in Mumbai.Kedar Yadav (33), a dailywage mason at Grant Road, who allegedly fell on Satish and succumbed to his injuries later in the day, was working to sustain a family in Jharkhand. \"His wife and three children are in Jharkhand and he regularly sent them money. We don't know how they will survive now,\" said Ashok Yadav, Kedar's neighbour in a Sion Koliwada slum.Doctors at Sion Hospital said the four injured were brought by 9am and were immediately attended to, but their injuries were quite grievous. \"Both Satish and Kedar suffered from severe head injuries and polytrauma. Kedar in fact, also had fractured ribs. Both were put on ventilator and saline, but died within hours of admission,\" said Dr Suleman Merchant, dean of Sion Hospital.The families of the two injured, Zia Rasool (26) and Uday Prakash Sharma (31), are still hopeful, waiting for them to regain consciousness. Mumbra resident Zia works as an electrician at Dadar. He was on his way to work and allegedly inched towards the compartment door to get down, when he allegedly lost balance, suffering head injuries and a fracture in his left leg. \"He is in the trauma care ward and is still unconscious,\" said Atay Rasool, Zia's elder brother. Zia lives with his four brothers, parents and a sister-in-law.Uday, who is a security guard at Andheri, was to switch trains from Central Railway to Western Railway at Dadar. His pelvic area was completely squashed because of the impact with a concrete slab on the tracks. \"We had to conduct a surgery to clean his wounds. His pelvic area had become completely mangled as he suffered from degloving injuries. He is still unconscious and his condition is serious. We will just have to wait and watch,\" said Dr Merchant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16777663", "title": "Demand for anti-rabies vaccine shoots up", "text": "KANPUR: The health department officials on Thursday were sent into a tizzy by a complaint registered on the government's toll-free helpline wherein it was alleged that patients were being charged for anti-rabies vaccines (ARVs) at various CHCs of the district.In fact, the complainant alleged that despite paying Rs 50 for ARV at CHCs in Billhaur and Bidhnoo, the locals were still not being administered the vaccine due to a shortage. Addressing the complaint, the chief medical officer Dr RP Yadav called up the CHC Billhaur authorities who denied any such mismanagement. CHC sources said the doctors have started charging for the ARVs as the villagers are demanding it in large numbers, that too without being bitten by a rabies infected animal.When health officers tried to ascertain the exact reason behind the sudden rise in demand for ARV, especially in rural and semi-urban pockets, they were surprised to note that people wanted the same as a precautionary measure. \"We first counseled them about circumstances in which the vaccine is needed. Those who were convinced were sent back to home and those who stuck to their demand were asked for 50 rupees as user charges,\" informed a CHC official, requesting anonymity.Putting two and two together, the authorities are of the view that increasing population of stray animals is the prime factor behind this surge in demand of the vaccine. At least 20-30 cases of dog bites are reported at all primary and community health centres and district hospital every day.Cow rescued from open manhole: A cow fell into an open manhole and got trapped in it in Shivkatra area of the city on Wednesday. The animal received severe injuries and remained stuck in the manhole till locals helped corporator Manoj Yadav and fire tenders rescued it.Soon after the cow fell in, eye-witnesses called for help. Locals gathered at the spot and tried saving the animal but when they could not bring the cow out of the manhole, they called fire brigade for rescue. TNNFiremen Mahesh, Amar Singh, Sabajeet and Vijay Kumar along with the locals of Shivkatra tied the cow with a rope and brought it out of the manhole. Locals said this was not the first time any animal or person had fallen into the manhole. Several such incidents have taken place in the past but despite repeated complaints to Kanpur Nagar Nigam, none of the officials has paid heed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776389", "title": "School to go all out against illegal paan shop on playground", "text": "NAGPUR: Bishop Cotton High School (BCS) has been fighting a frustrating battle against an encroacher on its playground. Principal Manjusha Stephenson has been seeking help from authorities since last year but without any luck.\"On June 15 last year I wrote to the civic authorities and traffic police to help evict the encroachment, but till date we have not received any response. We will now consult our legal team to ensure that a stronger legal action can be taken against the encroacher,\" she told TOI.TOI had reported on Thursday about a paan shop that is illegally operating out of BCS playground. The shop's original owner, Roman Francis, started with a temporary structure at the same location almost 15 years ago. After Roman passed away a couple of years ago, his son Robert took over the business. Now Robert has converted the place into a permanent structure complete with electricity and water connections.The school's plea for help to civic authorities could very well have been lost in the bureaucratic maze, as their locality was this year shifted to Dharampeth zone's management. The school had written to the earlier supervising authority - Mangalwari zone.Pragati Patil, who is the local corporator, said that she will now follow up the matter to its logical conclusion. \"I will coordinate between the school and the civic authorities and provide all assistance possible. I will ensure that no tobacco products are sold within their property,\" said Patil.Shop owner Robert on the other hand claims that last year he had pleaded his case before higher authorities of Nagpur Diocese and they had agreed to let him stay. Nagpur Diocese is the supreme administrative authority of all Churches of North India property (BCS being one of them) in Vidarbha. Its secretary Rachna Singh however denies Robert's claims.\"We have taken strong exception to the illegal occupation of our property. He did not speak with any higher ups and no one has given him permission. Also he has named his shop 'Christ Paan' which hurts people's sentiments. Now we will aggressively pursue this matter with the authorities and remove the illegal structure from the playground,\" said Singh.She also denied that BCS had tied up with any private contractor for its upkeep.\"A private hospitality company had conducted an exhibition on the ground but the school has not entered into any contract with him, or anybody else. The playground remains totally under the school management,\" Singh added.Principal Stephenson says the school's ground had been lying neglected for too long leading to many problems. \"Our boundaries were not secure and many trespassers used to misuse the ground during night time. Filth would be spread around and also encroachers, like this paan shop, had started to take control. Since last year we have started to crackdown on the encroachers and now the ground is managed by us professionally. All that is remaining is to move out this illegal paan shop from our property and use the space for sporting activities,\" said Stephenson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16777321", "title": "Big Birthday: Fans go all out", "text": "LUDHIANA: City flaunted its unique \"eshtyle\" while celebrating Amitabh Bachchan's 70th birthday on Thursday by organizing community meals, dance parties and cake-cutting ceremonies to wish their favourite hero a long and happy life.Sixty-two-year-old Manjeet Singh, who is a property consultant and also runs a business, is a big-time AB fan. Adding an auspicious touch to the day, he put together a \"karhi chawal langar\" on Thursday. \"I have been celebrating his birthday in the same way for the last five years and it gives me a lot of pleasure. My 32-year-old son Charan Kawal, 28-year-old nephew Tejinderpal Singh and friend Jagdish joined me in these festivities,\" the Dugri Phase-I resident smiled.Grooving to Big B's famous tunes, a bunch of enthusiasts in Model Town \u2014 led by Gautam Sharma \u2014 made sure the actor's signature moves were celebrated with full enthusiasm. The dancers also cut a cake, apart from putting on the actor's hit songs for a full blast party.\"Apni to jaise taise\", \"Khaike paan Benaras wala\" and \"Chali chali fir hawa chali\" were some of the songs that were played on loop.Sanya Gupta, a dentist from Model Town, Bhoomika, a student from Sarabha Nagar, Damanpreet, an engineer from Dugri and Pradeep Verma, a businessman from Old City, enjoyed every bit of the birthday bash. \"I really enjoyed myself and Big B continues to be a big sensation among people of all age groups. May he live a long and healthy life,\" said Sanya.Basant Avenue resident Jatinder Sahni, a businessman, treated his friends Vineet Khanijo, Jatinpreet, Ganagandeep Kaur and Atik Khan to a delicious cake to celebrate the birthday of his 'icon'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776338", "title": "NGO helps youths from suicide belt attain goals", "text": "NAGPUR: Nikhil Nirmugde's dream to become an engineer was nearly shattered when his father Diliprao, a debt-ridden farm labourer, committed suicide. Distressed over his inability to repay loans, Diliprao ended his life after he found it impossible to meet the household expenses of his family which comprised of his wife, two daughters and son Nikhil.Nikhil didn't allow this set back to snuff out the spark within him and continued his studies. In 2011, he scored 50% in the Std X board exam but he could not pursue higher studies owing to the financial crisis that his family was facing. So in order to help his family he too started working as a daily wage labourer.Like Nikhil, Shrikant Wankhede of Temba village, a sleepy outpost in Amravati district, too nursed similar aspirations achieving big goals. After his debt-ridden father committed suicide, Shrikant was not sure if he would ever be able to continue his studies. He appeared for the Std X examination and scored 65%.Gajanan Thakre, 23-year-old youth from Saora village in Dhamangao, wanted to do ITI course from government institute. Three years ago, his debt-ridden elder brother - a marginal farmer - committed suicide. \"After my brother committed suicide, I was not sure if I would be able to continue studies,\" said Gajanand. All this hardships didn't make him falter from his goal and so he began working to make ends meet.These three youngsters, who were helped by Prakriti - a city based NGO which has played a major role in mobilizing support and services for distressed farmer families. It also works for their social and psychological rehabilitation.The dreams of these children's came true when Prakriti's volunteers visited their village and expressed willingness to help them complete their higher education.Prakriti has been working with 250 suicide affected farmers' families since 2009. \"We started work on the issue after conducting a study of the suicide affected farmers' families in 2008 in Amravati and Akola districts,\" Prakriti's programme director Suvarna Damle said. With support from Sir Dorabji Tata Trust, Prakriti is working with the most poor and vulnerable suicide affected farmers' families in six blocks of Akola and Amravati.In an effort to help children like Nikhil, Shrikant and Gajanan, Prakriti under its programme to rehabilitate the families of distressed farmers selected 10 such students, all boys, to pursue their higher education.Subsequently, all the children got admission in ITI in Ballarshah near Chandrapur. Interestingly, not only these children passed with flying colours but also got selected for apprenticeship programmes in automobile unit 'Mahindra and Mahindra' in Hingna, said Damle.\"Under our project to rehabilitate the family members of farmers, who had committed suicide, we selected these children in 2011,\" she said. Their results make us feel proud, she added.\"As they know farming, we explained to them the importance of other vocational courses like ITI as it may help their families to live a better life. Initially, we faced hardships in convincing their families as all these children were grown ups and sparing them for higher studies meant affecting their livelihood. However, after counselling, the families agreed to allowed them to go for studies and now they too are feeling proud. It is our endeavour to reach out to as many distressed farmer families as possible and we hope that the project will provide a good opportunity to the children.\"This year too under this project, the NGO has selected another batch of seven students. Besides this, the NGO is providing annual scholarships of Rs1,000 to 24 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16774970", "title": "HC seeks govt response to PIL against Robert Vadra", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court on Thursday gave three weeks to the Central government to state its objections to a PIL against alleged Robert Vadra-DLF link-up by a social activist. The court will decide on whether or not to admit the PIL on the basis of the Centre's reply.The PIL was lodged on the basis of allegations made by India Against Corruption (IAC) leader Arvind Kejriwal and Supreme Court advocate Prashant Bhushan last week. Kejriwal and Bhushan have charged that Vadra was favoured by DLF, an allegation denied by both Vadra and DLF. Kejriwal has claimed Vadra bought property worth crores of rupees between 2007-10 with an unsecured interest-free loan of Rs 65 crore given by DLF.A division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice V K Dixit heard the petition filed by a social activist, Nutan Thakur, who has sought that the Prime Minister's Office inquire into these allegations against Vadra. The court also heard additional solicitor general Ashok Nigam representing the Central government, who strongly opposed the petition saying it was based on hearsay and not maintainable. The court then asked Nigam to place the objections on record for which he sought three weeks. The next hearing is on November 21.Nutan Thakur said she had sent a representation to the Prime Minister enclosing IAC's charges. She said that despite specific denials by DLF and Vadra, some basic questions remain. One was how could a company with an initial investment of Rs 50 lakh become worth Rs 500 crore within the span of two or three years. She said the government must direct the departments of Income Tax, Enforcement Directorate and other authorities to investigate the Vadra-DLF linkage.Thakur's petition names the government of India including home secretary, finance secretary and CBI as respondents in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775833", "title": "BJP launches 'Oust Congress' campaign", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party marked the birth anniversary of socialist leader Jai Prakash Narayan by launching a countrywide \"Oust Congress\" campaign by administering oath to party leaders and workers on Thursday. In Lucknow, the three-point oath - save the nation from Congress' corrupt government and price hike, democratic demonstration and making 21th century as that of India - was administered by veteran BJP leader and MP from Varanasi Dr Murli Manohar Joshi.FDI in multi-brand retail, scams and price rise during the UPA II government will be cited by BJP to launch protest and demonstration beginning today and extending till November 20. Along with around 200 party leaders and workers, also present on the occasion were state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi and MP from Lucknow Lalji Tandon.Speaking on the occasion, Joshi said, \"The situation is pretty much similar as it was then with price rise and degradation of morality in politics plaguing the country, when JP called for total revolution.\" And added that a number of scams, continuous price rise and out-of-control economic situation are staring the nation.Rupee has become weaker, production has fallen, food and fuel prices have risen manifold and on top of it prime minister gives a statement that negativity is creeping with the way corruption issues are being raised by adopting irrational methodology, Joshi said.\"Moral values have degraded to the extent that the Centre is directly and indirectly supporting corruption. I really wonder, who gave such advice to the prime minister that he came out with such a statement,\" Joshi said expressing surprise.On the recent statement of the prime minister in which he had said that institutions like CAG should know their judicious limit and nothing should be done which could harm the image of the nation, Joshi said, \"I don't understand the problem when such institution work on documents available with them and then CAG gives opportunity to clarify on any inquiry more than once and then it comes to Public Accounts Committee(PAC) of Parliament. Such statements reflect that government doesn't want to eradicate graft.\"Lashing out at UPA-II on the issue of FDI in retail , Joshi said, \"I am unable to understand the basis that how foreign investment will help reducing the fiscal deficit in the country.\"It is because of wrong export-import policy that the country has suffered, Joshi further said and added that Wal-Mart has a turnover of $420 billion and has employed 25 lakh people throughout the world, while India's retail market is worth Rs 400 crore and gives employment to 5 crore people. How will Wal-Mart then help the people of the country, he quipped. On top of it, Wal-Mart buys 80% of 80,000 products from China, the former HRD minister said.He also slammed the Centre for policy-less distribution of LPG and added that it seemed the government wants the people to go on diet control. \"Na rahegi gas, na pakega khana,\" is what the Congress wants, Joshi said amidst laughter from the party leaders.Today's pledge is a preparation for a long-term demonstrations and protests ahead, Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774619", "title": "Power plant shock to fish bowl of India", "text": "HYDERABAD: As against fish and corals, it's thermal plants and chemical industries that are fighting for space in the Gulf of Mannar these days.Once India's most prominent marine biodiversity site, this southern tip of the country is now infested with polluting `agents' that seem to be rapidly growing in size with time. And the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP) standing tall on the shores of Tirunelveli (one of the four prominent districts around the gulf) is only the latest in the long list of assaults unleashed on this 'fish bowl' over the past one decade.In fact, participants at the biodiversity convention said here on Thursday said that 17 thermal plants have recently been given the nod to set shop in Tuticorin, another district from this cluster that already has several such plants operating on its premises. Not surprising then that the total count of the 3,600 species of flora and fauna (source: Indian Coast Guard report) found in the gulf area until a decade or two ago has almost halved by now. Comprising this `gulf zone' is also Ramanathapuram and Kankyakumari that too are crowded with gas power stations and other industrial irritants, which have not just posed a serious threat to the wealth of this `biosphere reserve' (declared by the government in 1989 owing to the gulf's biodiversity population) but also affected the livelihoods of the 50,000-strong fisher-folk community residing in the 300 villages of these districts. But the fishers are not alone. Even the indigenous sea weed collectors and shell divers of this area are now living in fear of losing their only source of earning to big-ticket developmental projects. \"Apart from the nuclear plant, Kudankulam is also crowded with mining operations that has displaced local communities,\" said J Spartegus, a research associate with the Ramanathapuram fishers' trade union working closely with locals living around the Gulf of Mannar.'Govt blamed for loss of livelihoods'In the city for the ongoing international biodiversity meet, Spartegus spoke of how, since 2002 , the ambitious 'management plans' of the government to 'protect' marine life around the gulf had only adversely impacted the locals. \"They (government authorities) have pushed them away from the islands and shores and dumped on them alternative livelihoods like goat-rearing and mat-making which they have never practiced in their lives. In the name of compensation, they have given these people a measly Rs 5,000 which they have to pay back with interest,\" he added. That this displacement of the poor has been replaced with multi-crore industrial ventures and environment polluting power and nuclear plants is another story. \"The torture is unbearable now. Apart from being routinely asked to give up our work, we are also constantly abused and tortured by the local authorities. Our several generations' old trade has suddenly become 'illegal' for the world,\" rued M Lakshmi, a sea weed collector from the area.Groups fighting a fierce battle for the protection of such people condemn the indifference of the Indian government to the plight of these communities. They also point out how India's talk about conservation of biodiversity is absolutely hollow, considering how it has done everything to destroy its resources. \"It is about time we looked at developing and implementing effective conservation measures with the participation of communities,\" said Ramya Rajagopalan, member of the international collective in support of fisherfolk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16777533", "title": "Janakiya Samithi flays CM\u2019s remark", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Vilappilsala Janakiya Samithi leaders on Thursday alleged that they suspect a conspiracy within the state government to sabotage the indefinite protest programme launched by the people of Vilappilsala against the garbage treatment plant there.Addressing a news conference here, G R Subhash, vice-president of the samithi, said the statement made by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Wednesday after the cabinet meeting that the government was under severe criticism of the high court regarding the issue was false.Actually, the HC had acknowledged the affidavit filed by the state government in which they mentioned about the urgent steps they have undertaken in solving the garbage crisis in the city.\"The high court, after acknowledging the affidavit, had also directed the government to complete the works they have undertaken in this regard without any delay and posted the next hearing of the case on November 19,\" he said.The HC has not made any remark or pronounced an order with regard to resuming the transportation of garbage to Vilappilsala or installing the leachate treatment plant there, as implied in the CM's words.This being the truth, the chief minister should not have made such unnecessary remarks, which would adversely affect the people's protest. His remark is suspected to be the result of a conspiracy within the state administrative level to sabotage the people's movement at Vilappilsala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775173", "title": "Murdered guard's colleagues held", "text": "BANGALORE: Adugodi police have solved the murder of a security guard at the National Dairy Research Institute (NDRI), Hosur Road, late on Tue8sday by arresting three of his colleagues.Munna alias Munna Bavudi, 30; Rato alias Ranto Das, 32; Muniram, 55, all natives of Assam and residents of NDRI quarters, were drinking with the victim, Nelson Naronha, 63, on NDRI campus.Security supervisor Munna allegedly kis8sed on Nelson's cheek around 11pm on Monday night.\"An upset Nelson allegedly scolded Munna. Munna and the two others then allegedly beat up Nelson and later crushed his head with a boulder,\" said DCP Sidramappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775305", "title": "Versova death mystery: Proof of poisoning may not affect homoeopath", "text": "MUMBAI: The revelation that Versova youth Rameez Chougle died of phosphine poisoning was unlikely to have any adverse effect on homoeopath Abdullah Momin, who had declared his death as natural. The doctor might be let off with a warning by the homoeopathic council early in November.While the Versova police have not filed any case against Momin, the Maharashtra Council of Homoeopathy is only inquiring if he was eligible to issue a death certificate (DC).Homoeopathic council chairman Bahubali Shah said, \"The police have not asked us to examine the merits of the death certificate or whether Rameez's death was natural or unnatural. All that DCP Pratap Dighavkar wanted to know was whether the doctor was eligible to issue a DC despite the fact that Rameez was not admitted under his care for 24 hours or as an OPD patient for 72 hours. Momin presented an elaborate defence, which we have placed before our legal team.\"\"The council will announce its decision in the first week of November. Under the circumstances, we may let him off with a warning,\" Dr Shah added. \"If the viscera report has revealed new facts to the police, they can approach us with a supplementary questionnaire. Until then we cannot conduct a parallel inquiry.\"Momin had told TOI on July 7 that he was eligible to issue DCs and been doing so for the Versova police for the past 20 years. On July 4, Momin\u2014 the Chougles' family doctor\u2014wrote a death certificate for Rameez citing \"natural death by gastroenteritis and severe dehydration\". As a result, the body was buried without a post-mortem. Rameez's corpse was exhumed on September 17 and the viscera revealed traces of aluminum phosphide, the same poison that killed his sister, Rehab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16774883", "title": "Imran\u2019s father alleges they have been framed", "text": "AURANGABAD: \"My son is a family man and could never be involved in such heinous crimes,\" said Wajed Ali Khan, the father of Imran, who is among the three alleged Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives arrested by the Delhi Police's special cell for their involvement in the August 1 Pune blasts. The men had also planned to carry out similar blasts in Delhi.Claiming that his son and the other suspect, Asad Khan Jamshed Khan, could never be involved in any anti-national activity or engineer blasts, Khan said the two have been framed. The special cell on Thursday announced that they had busted an IM module with roots in Maharashtra and recovered explosives, detonators and other incriminating material from them. The police said the module played a part in planting bombs on Jangli Maharaj Road in Pune, which resulted in low-intensity blasts.Khan, a retired Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation official based in Peer Burhannagar, Nanded, said Imran and Asad were business partners who were involved in land dealings and conducted Haj and Umrah tours to holy places in Saudi Arabia.\"Asad Khan's father Jamshed had shifted to Aurangabad from Latur five to six years ago, where they bought and developed properties. We are shocked to hear Delhi Police say these youths were involved in the Pune blasts and other conspiracies,\" he said.Khan said he had lodged a missing complaint with the Bhagyanagar police in Nanded on Thursday morning after Imran failed to return home. \"He was into land dealings involving investment of crores of rupees and could have enemies. Since Imran and Asad were also conducting tours to Saudi Arabia, they visited the country for Haj and Umrah,\" he said.Imran has two sons, aged three and one-and a-half, and a four-month-old daughter. He had left Nanded on September 4 saying he would be away on work for a travel company as well as for some land dealings, his father said. \"Imran had told us he would be back by September 28 or 29. He had talked to his wife over the phone. However, she did not receive a call from him since September 17 or 18 and got worried. We decided to lodge a missing complaint. We had gone to the police station on Wednesday evening, but were told to come on Thursday morning,\" Khan told TOI.Asad's father Jamshed has been on ventilator support for the last three-and-a-half years at his home in Naigaon, about 15km from the city. \"Asad's is a religious family, but they are not fundamentalists. Asad's elder brother, Farooq, had gone for jamat (spiritual reformation, where people keep away from family and dedicate themselves to prayers). He does not know what has happened to his brother. Asad's two siblings are minors,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777180", "title": "Cong urges CEC to review recent police transfer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A delegation of senior Congress leaders recently met the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC), V S Sampath, and appealed that the recent transfer of top police officials across Gujarat should be reviewed. The Congress leaders claimed that the state government had transferred the cops to get political benefits.The Congress delegation included minister of state for railways, Bharatsinh Solanki, Shankarsinh Vaghela, Arjun Modhwadia and Shatisinh Gohil. The delegation pointed out to the commissioner that the transfers made recently are similar to police transfers made during 2002 and 2007 assembly elections and in 2009 Parliamentary polls. The Congress leaders alleged that a selected group of top cops had been posted in exactly the same places they have now been shifted to. According to Congress leaders, soon a team of CEC will reach Gujarat to verify the truth behind the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775591", "title": "Vidyarthi Mitras take to streets", "text": "JAIPUR: Demanding regularization of the posts, members of the Vidyarthi Mitra on Thursday staged a protest at Sahakar Marg and gheraoed the Assembly. The traffic at Bais Godam and Sahakar Marg was disturbed for a while due to the demonstration.Around 1,000 Vidyarthi Mitra under the banner of Rajasthan Vidyarthi Mitra Shikshak Sangh gathered at Sahakar Marg and later marched toward the Assembly. There they were joined by around 10,000 more protesters all shouting slogans against the government's delay in meeting their demands. The gathering was addressed by their president, Ashok Sihag, who asked the mitras to get ready for the more intensified stirs.\"We have been giving a good performance but the government is not paying any cognizance. The government has also not come with any clear policy on the issue and every time what we are getting is empty promise only. If our demands are not met, then government will face its consequences in next assembly elections,\" Sihag warned.Apart from regularization, the Vidyarthi Mitras are demanding reservation of posts in government schools, salaries for both winter and summer breaks, withdrawing the cases registered against them for their past protests and providing facility to avail leaves for 15 days in case of any emergency.During the time of their agitation, the traffic from Bais Godam to Rambagh Circle got off track. Vehicles from Civil Lines to Ramabagh Circle were lined up bumper to bumper and police had to face difficulties in controlling the situation. However, it was normal after some time as their protest was brief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774910", "title": "Mature Rashid builds 5-stroke lead at BILT Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Young Rashid Khan has not quite met expectations but he would like to think he's getting there. Having stepped into adulthood this season in both body and mind, he has aimed to prove it to the doubters. And the signs were good.At 13-under par, he begins the reckoning rounds at the Rs 1-crore BILT Open with a five-stroke advantage over overnight leader Shamim Khan, who parred all 18 holes in Round Two.Having notched up under-par scores on the opening two days at Delhi Golf Club for the first time as a pro, Rashid was happy with his progress. \"I won at Coimbatore in August, lost in a playoff last week, and had seven top ten finishes. And here, it's so far so good,\" he said, while fiddling with his cell phone. He was allowed a little distraction after a fine round of 6-under 66.The round did start with a blip - he missed a four-foot birdie putt on the first hole. But he took a deep breath and proceeded to improve the score on the 2nd, 3rd and 5th. There was a mild setback on the 9th when he found the bushes but that did not shake his confidence. There were more smiles to come on the 11th, 13th, 14th and 18th.The year did not start on a strong note for the 21-year-old DGC pro. But the epiphany was to come on the Asian Tour, more specifically at the green paradise called Royale Jakarta Golf Club. On the final day of the Indonesian Masters in April, he brought in an under-par card to great satisfaction. \"Something dawned on me that day. I was struggling with mental issues but I felt I was stronger after that weekend.\"As a promising amateur, he relied on aggression to break records and he was touted as the 'next big thing'. Now, he has learnt to curb his enthusiasm. \"On this circuit, I had to change my game altogether. You have to assess your options according to the situation. There is so much more competition, so much more at stake,\" he said.At stake here is a first prize purse of more than Rs 16 lakh, and a ticket to the big-money Singapore Open. The rest won't let him rest easy unlike Thursday, when the contenders failed to make their moves.Leading 2nd round scores: 131 (13-under)- Rashid Khan 65-66; 136-Shamim Khan 64-72; 139-Gulfam 68-71, Abhinav Lohan 69-70; Shankar Das 69-70; Ashok Kumar 72-67; 140-Manav Jaini 69-71; 141-Ranjit Singh Rathore 69-72, Md Islam 67-74, Jyoti Randhawa 69-72, Arshpreet Thind 68-73.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16777503", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram to host higher education councils\u2019 meet tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The capital city will host a round table conference of state panels of higher education councils on Saturday.The conference is being hosted by the Kerala State Higher Education Council (KSHEC) on the occasion of the first anniversary of the reconstituted executive council of the KSHEC.\"The idea has been floating around for sometime now. The higher education councils were asked to be constituted by the UGC. But since the pattern of work in each state differs, it is essential to know as to how the councils of other states work,\" KSHEC vice chairman T P Sreenivasan said.The meeting will have participation from councils of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal. \"Though the UGC had asked all the states to constitute the higher education councils, none of the states other than Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal have formally created an independent body. So we have participants from all the states that have constituted higher education councils,\" Sreenivasan said.The councils of AP, Karnataka, TN and West Bengal will be represented by P Sathi Reddy, member secretary, K M Kaveriappa, executive director and member secretary, Sindya Pandian, vice chairperson and Subrata Ghosh, member secretary, respectively. Each representative will make presentations on the work of his respective council and hold extensive discussions. The participants will also call on chief minister Oommen Chandy prior to the conference.\"The idea is to discuss the activities of the bodies of each of the states and share the best practices. The interaction will be a continuous process hereafter,\" Sreenivasan said.The members of the executive council of KSHEC, R Jayaprkash, Lopus Mathew, C I Abdul Rahiman, N Veeramanikandan, Ramachandran Thekkedath, K M Abraham (principal secretary, higher education) will participate in the conference as special invitees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16774830", "title": "It's a mixed bag on Day 1 of CAT", "text": "BANGALORE: The Common Admission Test (CAT) 2012 started without any hitch on Thursday across the country. While the test holding the key to the prestigious IIMs entered the fourth year of its online avatar , as many as 4,429 students appeared on day one at 61 centres across 36 cities.It was a mixed bag on offer for aspirants. While section one that includes Quantitative Ability (QA) and Data Interpretation (DI) gave them a tough time, section two containing Verbal Ability and Logical Reasoning proved to be a smooth sail.According to Krishna Kumar, who appeared for CAT 2012 at IFIM Business School in Electronic City, 70 minutes given for section one was not enough looking at the difficulty level. \"Although I am satisfied with my performance, I would have been able to solve 2-3 more questions from section one if it was even of moderate difficulty level. But the questions were tough with complicated calculation and I did not want to do any guess work. Some questions had two to three charts to interpret at one go,\" said Krishna, a BBM student, who has been working in an IT firm since seven years.Agreed Saumya Natraj, another aspirant, who appeared for CAT on Thursday. \"Section one was tough and the difficulty level increased this year. But section two was easy and it compensated well for the difficulty level of section one,\" said Saumya.According to Prometric which administers the test, both sessions concluded without any major hitches and all candidates who started their tests completed it successfully. \"We are pleased that the first day of testing has ended smoothly, and will continue to stay focused on providing candidates with the best possible experience,\" said Soumitra Roy, managing director, Prometric India.Reacting to the experience of the students, Arkss Srinivas, CEO, Vistamind, said: \"Over the past few years, there has been talk about QA in CAT becoming quite simple. We have always held that this is a fallacy and that students need strong preparation in the QA side. Reports from students indicate quite a few tough and very tough questions from the QA side. There has also been a gradual shift away from arithmetic to algebra, geometry and some higher math. Areas like geometry, numbers, logs, P&C;, functions etc where students find it tough require extra effort,\" said Srinivas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16776317", "title": "Teachers protest against transfers, raise slogans", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Women teachers protested against the inter-district transfers at the BSA office on Thursday. About 200 teachers reached the BSA office and raised slogans against the BSA.The main contention of the female teachers is that they have been transferred in rural areas which are located far off and it is not possible to make daily movements to these far off places. This is the sheer harassment of the BSA towards the teachers. They also alleged that these transfers are whimsical and the interests of the female teachers have been ignored.One of the female teacher Rashmi said\"The female teachers are facing lots of problems owing to transfer to far-off places. I have been transferred from Aligarh to a school which is located very far from Allahabad.\"Later, the agitating teachers marched to the Subhash crossing in the Civil Lines and also raised slogans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16776103", "title": "'Monsoon to retreat from parts of state'", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon is likely to retreat from some parts of the state in the next 24 hours, the India Meteorological Department has forecast.\"The atmosphere has dried up in the northern parts of the state that includes north central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik and Ahmednagar, and parts of Konkan and Vidarbha regions. We expect the withdrawal to commence from these areas,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting, Medha Khole, told TOI on Thursday.The normal date for commencement of monsoon withdrawal from parts of Maharashtra is October 1. This is the sixth year in succession when there has been a delayed withdrawal of monsoon. In fact, the withdrawal process started from the extreme parts of west Rajasthan on September 24, over three weeks after the normal date of September 1.Khole said, \"The possibility of monsoon retreat from Pune, Mumbai and adjoining parts is largely dependent on the penetration of dry atmospheric conditions into the southern parts of the country. As of now, we cannot say whether monsoon will withdraw from Pune. It can happen at a stretch too, provided there is a greater penetration of dry conditions into southern India.\"\"As predicted, the rainfall activity in the state has gone down drastically, both in terms of intensity and distribution, since October 10. Vidarbha region has remained mainly dry while rainfall has been reported from isolated parts of central Maharashtra and Marathwada regions. Konkan and Goa region has recorded scattered rainfall with lesser intensity,\" she added.The IMD declares withdrawal of monsoon in phases subject to three criteria viz. five days of continuous dry spell in a given area, reduction in moisture content as shown by the satellite water colour imagery and a change in the wind pattern. Till September 26, the monsoon had retreated from the north and northwestern states and the process was stalled thereafter for 12 days owing to the development of a low pressure area in the west central Bay of Bengal and adjoining coast of Andhra Pradesh. This had resulted in increased rainfall activity in the peninsular India, especially interior Karnataka, Konkan and Goa, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh , and in the northeastern states. The withdrawal line then passed through parts of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.On October 8, the monsoon made a further retreat from the remaining parts of Uttar Pradesh, some more parts of Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh and some parts of Bihar.The IMD's all-India weather bulletin stated on Thursday that conditions were favourable for further withdrawal of the monsoon from some more parts of Bihar , remaining parts of Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat, some parts of Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand and the north Arabian sea in the next 24 hours. For now, the withdrawal line passes through Raxaul, Varanasi, Jabalpur, Hoshangabad, Vadodara and Porbandar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774403", "title": "Court hears plea on including Bihar CM in fodder scam case", "text": "RANCHI: Special CBI court heard the petition filed for inclusion of Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and JD(U) MP Shivanand Tiwari's names in the ongoing fodder scam cases. At the behest of the counsel of petitioner, Mithilesh Singh, who has been banking on the statement of Umesh Kumar, recorded in earlier cases of fodder scam, the court agreed to hear the issue first.The petitioner who has requested inclusion of both political stalwarts from Bihar in the case, claimed that he had collected evidences against both Kumar and Tiwari that they accepted bribe of Rs 1 crore and Rs 60 lakh respectively from the then regional director of the animal husbandry department and key accused in the fodder scam SB Sinha.CBI counsel Shiv Kumar Kaka argued that Umesh Kumar's statements were recorded in connection with other cases of fodder scam and that those cases have already been disposed \"The records are with the Jharkhand high court and has no relevance with the fresh petition,\" he argued.Arguing the case, petitioners counsel underlined theimportance of Umesh Kumar's statement seeking directive of the court for production of his statements recorded in earlier cases, responding to which the court of judge P K Sinha fixed October 20 as the next date of hearing to decide whether the records need to be produced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412226", "title": "Working in a cramped office", "text": "Here's a guide to working in a cramped office without inadvertently stepping on toesSkyrocketing commercial real estate costs in the Indian metros have resulted in extremely compact work stations in an openoffice format. The cubicle is quickly emerging as a home away from your real home as you spend more and more time in office[sic].According to the survey done of 13,000 office-goers by Justin Mardex, Department of Design and Environmental Analysis, Cornel University , the 'ability to do distraction-free solo work' was rated as the most effective workplace attribute.Follow these rules to ensure that you are a good neighbour in this fishbowl existence:Rule# 1 : Cut the noiseIn a national survey conducted by the American Society of Interior Designers(ASID), more than 70 per cent of respondents in open offices indicated that their productivity would improve if their workplaces were less noisy, while only 19 per cent of corporate executives in cabins felt the same way, clearly showing that noise is a major pollutant at work.Indian offices are extremely noisy-colleagues chatting with each other, talking loudly on telephones, cell phones ringing incessantly with Bollywood ring tones, poor acoustics, cramped work stations-the list is endless...Noise is a leading cause of reduced concentration levels, and subsequently reduced productivity. Some simple tips to reduce noise pollution:1. Speak softly using your 'library voice' while on the phone or with your fellow employees.2. Contact your neighbour by walking up to them, sending them an email or calling them on the telephone. Yelling from your desk, 'Radhika, is that report done?' is nerve-wracking and jarring3. Answer your desk phone on the first ring, preferably. Keep the ringer at the lowest volume, as a ringing phone is a sure shot way to kill concentration among those within hearing distance. Don't activate your speaker phone when you are at your desk, forcing your cube mates to hear both sides of the conversation, including the loud music when on hold.4. Keep your mobile phone on the silent or vibrating mode. As we keep our cell phones handy at all times, ringing is not required to inform us about an incoming call. Also, carry your mobile phone with you when you leave your work station. Frequently, I see colleagues frantically looking for the owner of the ringing phone-they are not bring helpful; instead they are trying to find a quick way to put an end to that irritating ring tone!5. When leaving your desk, activate your voicemail, thus ensuring that your colleagues don't have to run around answering your landline phone. 6 Invest in headsets if your job requires you to spend long hours on the phone or if you enjoy listening to music. 7 Munching chips and chewing gum noisily are weekend activitiesRule# 2 : Respect privacyTo become a better colleague, we need to strike a fine balance between respecting the privacy of others and allowing accessibility at the same time.Follow these simple tips:1. Seek permission before visiting a colleague by calling on your colleague's extension, knocking on the cubicle partition or establishing eye contact before entering their cubicle.2. Respect the privacy of your coworkers by resisting the urge to eavesdrop on their conversations or trying to read their computer screens/papers scattered on their table.3. Use non-verbal signs to politely get rid of 'intruders'. Signals like continuing to stand while chatting, walking to the entrance of your cubicle, looking distracted or answering in monosyllables all make you appear a bit rushed. I have noticed that facing your desk away from the cubicle opening, making it difficult for colleagues to establish eye contact, helps to keep intruders at bay.4. No borrowing or lending! As cubes have no doors, we tend to get extra comfortable and start borrowing things, especially stationery, from our neighbours. While the 'no borrowing no lending rule' reminds us of our strict teachers in school, it's a good practice as it creates healthy working relationships. So if you have lost your stapler, place an order for another one instead of helping yourself to your neighbour's!5. Keep your desk locked when away for meetings/lunch, as missing items can lead to unnecessary stress and even workplace fights.Rule# 3 : Improve your communication skillsOften, we are silent listeners to conversation where a colleague gets upset with her spouse or another one discusses medical symptoms in minute details with the doctor! While we are all allowed to err once in a while, if you're a habitual offender, you are committing professional suicide.Flimsy wood separators, going up to the height of 7 feet or less, cannot offer any privacy, especially with sounds. While communicating with your business associates, follow these tips:1. Use the privacy of a conference/meeting room for all meetings with clients and vendors, instead of your cubicle. This offers privacy, especially when negotiating or giving honest feedback.2. When reprimanding a junior or handing out ink slips, use the privacy of a meeting room, making it less embarrassing for the other person. A junior wopuld mind it less if shouted at by the boss in the privacy of a cabin, than even a mild remark in front of his peers.3. If you happen to overhear confidential information, pretend you haven't and show maturity by not spreading it in office.4. If a co-worker is caught 'staring into space', give him the benefit of the doubt, as he could, be using this much-needed break to strategize, meditate or recharge his batteries and is not to be treated as a soft target for some impromptu entertainment.From Book excerpt business etiquette A Guide to The Indian professional , Publisher : HarperCollins, Author : Shital Kakkar Mehra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776549", "title": "Barge owners petition labour board over crew's salaries", "text": "PANAJI: The All-Goa Barge Owners' Association (AGBOA) members have asked the Goa Labour Welfare Board to formulate a scheme whereby a sustenance allowance is provided to them to pay the salaries of the barge crew, till mining operations in the state resume.Stating that they don't have money to pay the crew as they have to pay installments and interest to the bank, AGBOA president Atul Jadav said, \"The barge industry employs 6,000 people, who have been affected by the stoppage of work. Barge owners have been contributing to the Goa welfare fund. We therefore want a scheme to be formulated where a sustenance allowance is given to the crew, on the lines of relief given to retrenched workmen,\" the application moved by AGBOA read.Around 20 barge owners have moved an application before the captain of ports (CoP) seeking a non-objection certificate (NOC) to allow barges to move out of the state as mining operations have been stopped. Jadav said that 10 small barges with a capacity of around 1,000 tonnes are heading tgo the Reddy port in Maharahtra and eight barges with a capacity of around 2,000 tonnes are going towards Mumbai and Gujarat to venture into coal transportation. Two barges have been sold to a Gujarat-based party. Goa has around 400 barges involved in the transportation of iron ore across the state to the Mormugao Port Trust and Goa Port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774734", "title": "'Rules bent to give NOC to Cong MP's multiplex'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the allotment of land to Tollywood personalities for starting production houses is mired in controversy, the Kiran Kumar Reddy government has given the go-ahead for a five-screen multiplex at Kacheguda crossroads to begin operations despite several violations by the latter. The multiplex belongs to M/s Gayatri Hotels and Theatres Private Limited and has come up on the premises of the erstwhile Maheshwari and Parameshwari theatres at Kacheguda crossroads. A well-known Congress MP's family has interests in Gayatri Hotels and Theatres Private Limited.While the multiplex management has secured permission from various authorities and agencies, what is glaring is that it is all set to begin screening films without obtaining a no objection certification (NOC) from the Hyderabad police commissioner. This has been pointed out in GO Ms No.169 of the home (General A.1) department issued on October 9, 2012.In addition to the provisions laid down in GO Ms No. 486, MA&UD; (M1) department dated July 7, 2007, the applicant was required to follow the procedure laid down in AP Cinemas (Regulation) Rules, 1970 under Rule-8 &amp; 9) and seek NOC/permission from the commissioner of police. \"The management has violated the government orders and rules specified under AP Cinemas (Regulation) Rules, 1970,\" the commissioner of police said in a letter to the government.The commissioner has also requested the government to examine the case and issue a clarification on what action needs to be taken or penalty imposed against the management of M/s Gayatri Hotels and Theatres Pvt Ltd.The government also chose to ignore certain violations in setbacks in the multiplex. In the setbacks from ground floor to first floor in the east (front), there is a shortfall of two metres in the open space required as per national building code norms. While 12 metres is what is required, only 10 metres has been provided.Similarly, there were violations in the setbacks from the second floor also. In the north, west and south side, the open space required as per NBC is 10 metres but what has been provided is eight metres only which is two metres less. In the east (front), though as per NBC norms, the required open space is 12 metres, the open space that has been provided is eight metres, which is four metres less.The government, however, decided to overlook this. According to the GO, the applicant had agreed to surrender 714.80 sq metres of area in the proposed 80 feet and 100 feet wide road widening at free cost and 'therefore the government has decided to accept the shortfall in setbacks'. This relaxation was given under section 12 of AP Cinemas (Regulation) Act 1955 by relaxing rule 6(A)(iii) of GO Ms No. 486 MA&UD; (M1) department dated 07.07.2007.Gayatri Hotels and Theatres Pvt Ltd has been accorded permission by the government to screen five shows a day in the five screens which will have a total seating capacity of 1021. However, though the management asked for an admission fee of Rs 200 for a show and Rs 300 for 3D movies, this was not entertained. Instead, the permission has been given for an admission fee of Rs 150 and for a 3D movie Rs 200. Gayatri Hotels and Theatres Pvt Ltd has given the right to M/s Inox Leisure Limited to operate the multiplex theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16775399", "title": "Channelize excess party food to feed poor", "text": "The next time you savour a wedding feast, spare a thought for the masses which go without two square meals a day. Especially children. At Indian weddings, where guests are plied with good food, there's always excess. This can be channelized to feed the poor, as some NGOs are already doing. Which goes to show there's enough to go around. India produces enough for its people, but the bulk of the food reaches those with purchasing power. It is the economics which needs to be balanced.Related story:  Wedding food worth Rs 339 crore goes waste", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandrapir", "code": "16775893", "title": "'MPs from Mah better than those from other states'", "text": "CHANDRAPIR: K Srinivasan, founder and president oMaharashtra based NGO Prime Point Foundation (PPF), said Members of Parliament from Maharashtra are better performers as compared to their colleagues from other states.Based on official data published by the Secretariat from time to time, PPF monitors the performance of parliamentarians based on their basic duties like consistency in raising questions, participating in debates, taking initiatives in introducing private bills and attendance.PPF has rated BJP MP from Chandrapur, Hansraj Ahir as best parliamentarian for introduction of 24 private bills in the 15th Lok Sabha.Srinivasan was in the city on Wednesday to felicitate Ahir with 'Sansad Ratna' award for his outstanding performance in Lok Sabha.Interacting with reporters on Wednesday evening, Srinivasan said, \"It is indeed an amazing achievement on the part of Ahir. He has contributed a major share of 24 bills out of a total of 288 bills that were introduced so far in 15th Lok Sabha\" he said.Srinivasan went on to say that the average performance rating for the MPs across the country for their performance as per the data is 244 for the 15th Lok Sabha. However, the 42 MPs from Maharashtra have registered an average of 378.3 points which makes them top performers in the house, he added.He pointed out that people take utmost care in selecting a school for their wards and keep inquiring of their progress every now and then. \"Similarly, we take great care in selecting servants for our household work. It however appears ridiculous that we are least careful while electing our representatives at Lok Sabha and state assemblies,\" he said.\"There are black sheep in every field and politics is perceived as a bad field for gentlemen. But there are good persons in every field and Prime Point Foundation is keen to highlight the positive side of so called bad field that is politics\" said Srinivasan.He also informed that parliamentarians had raised as many as 83,000 questions during 14th Lok Sabha. The number of questions raised during 3 years of 15th Lok Sabha has already reached 1,02,817 as per the data released by the secretariat, which is encouraging, he opined.While Ahir has topped for the consecutive third year, other MPs who made it to the top spot this year include Shiv Sena MP from Amravati (Maharashtra) Anand Adsul for maximum questions, BJP MP from Rajasthan, Arjun Meghwal for his participation in maximum number of debates and Congress MP from Tamil Nadu Ram Subbu for his overall performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16775718", "title": "HC steps in for seniors, sends notice to 2 states, UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Concerned over the increasing number of cases where children are not taking care of their aged and ailing parents, Punjab and Haryana high court has issued notices to states of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh administration seeking their replies on the strict implementation of Maintenance of and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizen Act.A notice has been issued by Justice Rajesh Bindal of the HC after taking cognizance of some media reports about such case from Chandigarh wherein a 85-year-old woman was turned out to live at the mercy of others even though she had eight children - five sons and three daughters. In that case, the local police had to come to her rescue and send her to old age home.\"The children are becoming more insensitive, irresponsible and selfish and parliament had to step in by enacting the Maintenance of and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizen Act,\" observed justice Bindal.He further said, \"In my opinion matter needs to be treated a public interest litigation (PIL) so that the real object for which the act was created can be achieved, as the implementing agencies in the government are not sensitive enough to realize the need and purpose for which this step was taken.\"Justice Bindal has also suggested that services of state legal service authorities can also be sensitize and educate the masses about the mandate of the act and consequences of its violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "16774808", "title": "Bhiwandi\u2019s rogue monkey that attacked 24 captured", "text": "BHIWANDI: A monkey that had terrorized residents of Vadpe village and adjoining areas in Bhiwandi over the last week was captured on Thursday. The monkey had attacked 24 people, including seven children.On Wednesday, after villagers submitted written complaints, a special team from Borivli national park launched a hunt for the monkey.On Tuesday morning, the monkey attacked three of a family, who were sitting outside their home. \"The monkey came from behind and bit my hand. It also attacked my relatives, who tried to help me,\" said Khandu Khadke .Suresh Gaikwad (39), a victim, said, \"On Monday, I found the monkey near the door of my house. It bit me on the leg and fled.\" Another victim, Sajjan Pandya Chorge (22), said, \"On Saturday, I was on my bike, it jumped on me and snatched the bike keys.\" Chorge had to be administered six stitches on his leg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16776125", "title": "Woman comes to the rescue of accident victims", "text": "KOLKATA: Had it not been for a 46-year-old widow, two young men would have perhaps bled to death at Bansdroni on NSC Bose Road late on Wednesday night.She was the only one who responded to their pleas for help after the bikers ran headlong into a bus and were dragged 150 metres under a truck with their T-shirts entangled in its front tyres. It is a miracle that they survived long enough to get to hospital.The duo was riding pillion on a motorcycle with a friend. Headed for Tollygunge, the bike driver tried to overtake a truck and ran into a Naktala-Howrah minibus coming from the opposite direction. The pillion riders were thrown under the truck and were dragged along the road.Maheshwari Debnath was about to close her paan shop in front of Masterda Surya Sen Metro station when she heard the screams. She ran to help them but a dozen or so people on the road refused to budge.The minibus went roaring by. Some bystanders calmly walked past as if they had seen nothing. The truck had come to a halt by then and the injured youths were crying for help. Maheshwari tried her best but it was impossible for her to single-handedly pull out two men from under the wheels.A few minutes later, a rickshaw puller came to her aid. They tried to stop an autorickshaw, but it dodged them and sped away. She literally blocked the path of another auto driver and persuaded him to take the victims to MR Bangur Hospital.Police said the victims - Shayan Banerjee and Gour Das - are in a critical condition. The bike driver is yet to be found.Two people were killed in other accidents in the city on Thursday. Around 6am, Raidighi resident was run over on EM Bypass and died on the way to hospital. A 25-year-old pedestrian was run over by a minibus in Kidderpore around 10:30am. He was declared dead on arrival at SSKM hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775062", "title": "Pune cycle blasts linked to jail murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Pune serial blasts on August 1 this year would not have taken place had Indian Mujahideen terrorist Qateel Siddiqui not boasted of his plans to attack Pune's Dagdusheth Halwai temple after coming out of jail before two inmates - Sharad Mohol and Ashok Bhalerao. Mohol and Bhalerao killed him inside Yerwada Jail on June 8. Pakistan-based IM leaders Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal then worked out plans to avenge Qateel's killing. He was said to be very close to them and had met them once in Pakistan.Lashkar and IM began plotting how they could get Mohol and Bhalerao. Special Cell DCP Sanjeev Yadav said: \"Initially, the plan was to plant a bomb in Yerwada Jail or in a Pune court. But due to tight security at both places, this plan was shelved.\"\"They had also planned to kill the family members of Mohol and Bhalerao but couldn't identify their relatives. The Bhatkal brothers finally settled on bomb attacks in Mumbai or Pune,\" said Delhi Police commisioner Neeraj Kumar.Sources say a reccee was conducted in Mumbai and Pune and Riyaz chose Pune for the attack.He and Kagzi had finalized five bombers - Asad Khan, Shaqir, Imran, Sayed Feroz and Ahmed, besides a few others. In early July, they met in Asad Khan's tour and travel office at Katkat Gate in Aurangabad. They were asked by the Bhatkals to set up base in Pune.\"In mid-July, Feroz booked a flat in Kasarwadi in Pune, and a few days later, two other IM operatives (suspected to be Shaqir and Ahmed), who are yet to be arrested, joined them. These two brought explosives and other material with them. Feroz accompanied them to the electronic market in Budhwarpeth in Pune for purchasing circuit boards, digital watches and other items for making bombs,\" said an officer. Imran brought ball bearings from Nanded (Maharashtra).On August 1, Shaqir, Ahmed and Feroz went to Phadke Howd in Pune for buying three bicycles. These were taken to the Deccan bus stand by them and parked at a cycle stand there. In the evening, they left the flat. They were carrying rucksacks containing the IEDs. On reaching the bus stand, the three placed the IEDs in the bicycles and left them along Junglee Maharaj Road. Some more IEDs were also planted in the same area. The job done, they left.The module received around Rs 3 lakh through hawala transactions for the Pune blast. During the blast, Asad and Feroz were reportedly making regular calls to Saudi Arabia and Pakistan on mobile phones.The investigators said that the accused fled to Roorkee and came to Delhi from there on September 20 after being asked to carry out attacks in the capital. They had 5 kg of explosives, reportedly ammonium nitrate, 10 detonators, 9-volt batteries, circuits, ball bearings, nails, shrapnels and other material. They were arrested on September 26 and October 1 and will be in police custody till October 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16777421", "title": "Memories of don \u2018homing\u2019 in and a success tip", "text": "LUDHIANA: On Amitabh Bachchan's birthday (October 11), a city-based family can't help but remember fondly the time they got to spend with him. \"Don ko pakadna mushkil hi nahi na munkin hai...\" chorus the Dhillons, who live in Sector 9 here, while adding triumphantly, \"But we caught the 'Don'.\" It was during his shooting for the shooting of his film, \"Ab Tumhare Hawale Watan Saathiyo\" in March 2004 that Amitabh was in the city and some scenes were shot in the Dhillons' house.Though the shooting was held on the outskirts of the city, some indoor scenes were shot in businessman Kewal Dhillon's house. Despite the passage of eight years, the memories spent with Big B are still fresh in the minds of the Dhillon family.Kewal revealed that the superstar shot for seven days at their home. \"I am a big fan of his and had not thought even in my wildest dreams that Amitabh will shoot in my house,\" adds Kewal. \"Whenever he got free from his shoot he used to interact with his fans and never once did he tell them that he wanted to rest. Many times the shooting continued till 1am but, his zeal remained the same,\" he said.Kewals' wife Manjit Kaur recounted that when she asked Amitabh about his favourite food, he humbly said that he wanted food with a Punjabi \"tadka.\" So she offered him \"chole bhature\" and after having it he told her though his roots are from Punjab, he hadn't had such delicious food in ages. Kewal's elder son Kanwar Dhillon said that during his conversation with Bachchan he had asked him many questions but Big B had answered them all patiently. \"He told me that \"Saat Hindustani\" was his debut movie but his journey in the industry started in 1969 as a film narrator for \"Bhuvan Shome\".\"\"Amitabh, who had worn a turban in the film looked like a Sikh and he even asked me if he looked like one, to which I had replied in the affirmative,\" said Kanwar. Kewal's younger son Karan said that when he first saw this 6 feet 3 inches tall persona shooting for the film in his house he just could not able believe his eyes. \"In the first meeting I was too awestruck to be able to ask him anything but in my second meeting I asked him about his success mantra to which he had replied that he just believed that if one does work with utmost sincerity, success comes his way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16777336", "title": "Dismissed cop arrested for extortion bid", "text": "LUDHIANA: The police on Thursday morning arrested a dismissed constable for threatening to kill a local builder's son if he failed to give him Rs 1 crore.Tavinder Singh Maggo, 61, a resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"I had received an SMS at 2pm on Monday. My wife Mohinder Kaur and I were horrified when we read. It said: 'If you want to see your family safe, keep Rs 1 crore ready at 7pm tomorrow... else we will kill your younger son. We will collect the money from your house. Don't dare to inform anyone about it.'\"\"But I decided to approach the cops and apprised the commissioner of police of the matter. After some time, we were provided security and cops visited our place to lodge a complaint,\" he added.Tavinder has two married daughters and a son. One of his daughters stays in the city and the second one is in Chicago, United States of America. His son, Harsimran, 16, lives with him.\"I was shaken after receiving the message. Though a PCR van, cops on motorcycle and a gunman were deployed outside my house, we were scared to the bone. My daughter, Jyoti, called us and asked us to join her in America. For two days we did not step out. Our fears ended on Thursday morning when the accused was arrested,\" he said.Assistant commissioner of police Alam Vijay said, \"A case under Section 387 of the IPC (putting person in fear of death or of grievous hurt in order to commit extortion) has been registered against Balwinder Singh, a former constable who was dismissed in 1994. He has also been arrested.\"Sources in police said the accused has a criminal background and was wanted in many cases, including a Mohali kidnapping one, registered in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16776237", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation land transfer to NMC deferred", "text": "NASHIK: A proposal to transfer a plot of land belonging to Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) to Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for a housing project, was debated in the NMC standing committee on Thursday, but kept in abeyance, after some members demanded action against the agency that conducted the survey of the land.The land measuring 9,700 sq m in Anandvalli area , is being used by the NMC for a housing project under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The survey agency that had been appointed to identify land for the project had selected plots at various places, including Anandvalli. It was presumed that the land belonged to the NMC, but later it was discovered that it belonged to the MIDC.The NMC has got the approval from the central government under the JNNURM to build 16,000 houses for slum-dwellers and poor people. But, the NMC has set the target of building 11,200 houses as per the land availability. Construction of 9,890 houses has commenced at different locations in the city.The proposal to pay Rs 1 crore to MIDC and transfer the ownership to NMC was tabled at the meeting. Chairman Uddhav Nimse adjourned the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775245", "title": "Allocation of resources fertile ground for corruption: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI director A P Singh on Thursday said allocation of natural resources was becoming a \"fertile ground for corrupt practices\". The agency is probing a number of corruption cases related to exploitation of natural resources like iron ore, coal, off-shore minerals and spectrum, among others.Singh, who was summing up the two-day annual conference of CBI and state anti-corruption bureaus, cautioned that allocation of precious natural resources was attracting attention for being a fertile ground for corruption. \"The conference deliberated upon the issue of allocation of precious natural resources and policy challenges. The allocation of iron, coal, spectrum, land and other such resources have also attracted lot of attention as being a fertile ground for corrupt practices. The issue has taken centrestage in the debate on corruption,\" he said.The director said the conference also looked at the legal issues involved in the allocation of natural resources. \"One crucial aspect which emerged is the role of unaccounted money (mostly in cash transactions) in plundering of natural resources as it seems to be the cause as well as effect of organized acts of corruption. This is surely a challenge before all of us, both at policy formulation and implementation level to find right approach and tools to deal with it,\" he said.Singh said there was no doubt that bonafide decisions going wrong was distinct from an act of corruption and the agency would keep that in mind during investigations. \"The perception of policy paralysis in government as a result of investigation by agencies into cases of corruption also came up in discussion during the conference,\" he said.Summing up the deliberations of the conference, the CBI director said it had recommended that state anti-corruption bureaus should be asked to develop a system of identifying middlemen indulging in corrupt practices and for monitoring their activities as a measure of preventive vigilance. The CBI chief also sought powers for himself and state anti-corruption bureau heads to appoint experts and professionals on contractual basis for the probe of complex cases among other demands.On the issue of jurisdiction to probe corruption in schemes funded by central government, Singh said, \"The central government is spending Rs 99,000 crore in various rural development schemes but for looking into complaints of corruption, it has to depend mainly on the state governments who are implementing the scheme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774502", "title": "Railway minister slashes funds for Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two months after former railway minister Mukul Roy slashed nearly Rs 110 crore from the budgetary allocation for Odisha, his successor C P Joshi has given fresh jolt to the state by curtailing another Rs 6 crore in September.The reduction axe fell during reassessment of the progress of the projects under East Coast Railway (ECoR) jurisdiction. While nearly Rs 6 crore was reduced from different railway projects in Odisha, a total of Rs 34.62 crore was slashed from several projects under the ECoR, which has geographical jurisdiction over three states encompassing almost all parts of Odisha along with parts of Srikakulam, Vizainagaram and Visakhapatnam districts of North-Eastern Andhra Pradesh , and Bastar and Dantewada districts in Chhattisgarh.\"The ministry has reduced Rs 2 crore each from the budgetary provisions of Khurda Road-Balangir new line, Lanjigarh-Junagarh new line and Talcher-Bimlagarh new line,\" a senior railway officer told TOI requesting anonymity. \"This will certainly impede the construction works,\" he said.While Rs 40 crore was allocated for construction of Khurda Road-Balangir newline in the 2012-13 budget, the amount has been pulled down to Rs 38 crore. Similarly, the reassessed funds for Lanjigarh-Junagarh newline now stands at Rs 10 crore as against the original Rs 12 crore and revised budget for Talcher-Bimlagarh newline came down to Rs 28 crore from Rs 30 crore.Sources said the Railways cut down Rs 23 crore from maintenance and Rs 1 crore from passenger amenities components under the entire ECoR limit. But it is not yet confirmed exactly how much amount has been reduced from those two heads for Odisha.Railway officials here attributed the slash to funds crunch. But they could not confirm whether funds have been flushed out from other railway zones in the country.Earlier, chief minister Naveen Patnaik had lodged a protest with the Centre over the Rs 110-crore reduction in the budgetary allocation in the first assessment in July and demanded its restoration.\"The state government had projected a demand of Rs 2345 for different railway projects in 2012-13, but the railway budget made a very small allocation of nearly Rs 714 crore. Now suddenly again the railways have announced this reduction which will go against the interests of Odisha,\" Naveen had then reacted. Some BJD leaders had then raised question mark on the functioning of Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL), an enterprise created to undertake railway engineering works, for its alleged poor show in Odisha.The latest curtailment is likely to come as a shot in the arm of the ruling party to nail the Centre, which has been accused of showing step-motherly attitude to Odisha in terms of giving facelift to railway infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775637", "title": "No special status granted to state, confirms Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Thursday confirmed that the Centre has turned down the state's request for a special status on the basis of the severe water crisis here. Admitting that the Centre had rejected the state's request, Gehlot, while addressing the House after the opposition demanded that the government push for it, said despite a recommendation from the Prime Minister, the planning commission had turned down the request as there are no provisions for it.\"However, the planning commission has in-principal agreed for a special package looking at the severe water crisis in the desert state,'' said Gehlot, who addressed the House following the opposition lashing out at the government over distribution of impure drinking water.The reply came on query was raised by senior BJP legislator Rao Rajendra Singh during the question hour. Singh pushed for a special status for the state. \"All of us fight for reservations but this is a far more critical issue. All of us together - cutting across the lines of political colours, caste, creed and religion, need to fight for a special status for safe drinking water,'' he said.The legislator had earlier quoted a Central government report on a survey about the quality of drinking water in the state. \"Of the 1808 samples collected, only 479 were found usable; not drinkable but usable,'' the BJP legislator informed. He pointed out that though the state government claimed to supply chlorinated water, the electro chlorinators at most pumping houses, including that at the Civil Lines are not functional.\"PHED officials are supplying slow poison. The meters are not working and the officials manually add chlorine without bothering to follow the norms on quantity. Not just drinking water loaded with chlorine but using it for bathing too causes cancer,'' said Rajendra Singh, who found support from several legislators of his party, including Radheshyam Ganganagar and Devi Singh Bhati, on the issue. Contradicting the claims of the PHED minister Dr Jitendra Singh on the efforts made to purify water, the BJP MLA insisted on a \"concrete remedy, for which the minister has to agree\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774343", "title": "Rehabilitation policy for people affected by irrigation projects", "text": "RANCHI: With an objective to revive the age-old irrigation projects in the state, some of which have been pending for more than three decades, the government is coming up with a rehabilitation and resettlement policy for the displaced people affected by irrigation projects by next week. Addressing mediapersons at his residence, for the first time since he recovered from injuries due to helicopter crash, Munda said that as many as nine big irrigation projects have been pending in the state since a long time. Expressing concern over the poor irrigation infrastructure in the state, Munda said that several thousand hectares of land will come under irrigation once these projects are completed. \"We are not talking about completing the projects on paper, instead water should reach the farmers' fields by 2017,\" he said.Even as the announcement was made by Munda, the leg work and blue print for the proposed policy was prepared by deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato who has been touring some of the villages that have been affected by irrigation projects. The draft proposal for the rehabilitation and resettlement of irrigation project affected people was handed over to the chief minister couple of weeks ago. Close aide of Mahato said that the process of consultation with villagers to adopt a comprehensive policy was on for more than a year.Announcing his \"Johar\" yatra from first day of Sharadiya Navratra on October 16, Munda said that he wanted to meet the people of his state because it was for their good wishes that he survived a helicopter crash.While Munda announced to link all schemes of social sector with computerisation in a time-bound manner, he gave special emphasis on strengthening public distribution system. \"Government is offering food grains at Rs 1 per kg to the BPL families but it hardly reaches the target group. So by 2014, the entire PDS system will be computerised to an extent that from loading of grains to delivery at the door step, everything will be monitored by the CM's office online,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777120", "title": "Urban women more prone to breast cancer", "text": "INDORE: Urban women are more prone to breast cancer, which is of late affecting women in the age group of 30 and above. As the world observes cancer awareness month in October, doctors stress on a healthy lifestyle for women, timely marriage and pregnancy and more breastfeed to babies to avoid risk of developing the disease and recommends annual mammography after the age of 35, particularly if any symptoms occur.Cancer specialist, Dr Manish Siddha said, \"It is being witnessed that urban population is developing breast cancer more than its rural counterpart. Lifestyle including food, mental health , and hormonal imbalance has to be corrected to avoid such risks. Marriage at the right age and timely pregnancies also minimise risk of developing the disease.\"On the rising number of patients, Dr Siddha said that almost one patient of breast cancer was diagnosed. \"10 years back, most of the women, both in urban and rural, had complications of cervix cancer but now breast cancer is becoming more common. I see almost 5-7 patients a week. Out of 15, 13 are women living in urban areas,\" said Dr Siddha.According to a city-based government cancer hospital, an average of 250-300 patients (old and new) approached for breast cancer treatment last year. Dr Fakruddin, superintendent, cancer hospital, said, \"Number of patients may be increasing but it is due to awareness about the disease that patients are coming for treatment.\" He said that cancer is curable if detected early and in terminal stages - it is the quality and not the quantity of life that really matters. He stressed on the need of self-breast examination for women to detect cancer at an early stage or reporting any changes in breast.According to doctors, urban women are at a five times higher risk for breast cancer than rural women because of their sedentary lifestyle, food habits and stress level. Regular exercise reduces the risk of breast cancer. \"If a woman has a breast lump, pain, discharge or skin irritation, she must consult a doctor immediately,\" said Dr Fakruddin.According to a report published in the British medical journal 'The Lancet', breast cancer is set to overtake cervical cancer as the most common cancer among women in India in 2020. Already, one in 20 urban women is diagnosed with it annually, while in rural India, the figure is one in 80. \"Urban Indian women have fewer children and breastfeed them less than their rural counterparts, all of which increases their exposure to oestrogen, and therefore their risk of developing the cancer, over their lifetime,\" said the report. A World Health Organization (WHO) study predicts that by 2020, one in eight urban Indian women will develop breast cancer in her lifetime. Worryingly, Indian women seek treatment very late - around 65% are already in stage 3 or 4 when diagnosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16776995", "title": "CCTV cameras for Guwahati Durga Puja pandals", "text": "GUWAHATI: With inputs of possible terror strikes and ethnic tension ahead of Durga Puja, city police have beefed up security in Durga Puja pandals this time to prevent any untoward incident during the festival. They have asked all puja pandals to install CCTV cameras and have also sought additional security forces to maintain order.\"All Puja pandals have been instructed to install CCTV cameras. Police even provided special training to Puja committee volunteers under community policing activities. Provisions for barricades, watch tower and separate queues for men and women will also be in place in the pandals,\" said city SSP AP Tiwari.The SSP added, \"We hope to get additional forces during the festival. There will be more forces to maintain order this year than the previous year.\" Last year, there were an additional 500 security personnel deployed in the city during Durga Puja and Navratri celebration. The puja committees have also been instructed to use proper lighting inside and outside the pandals.\"Some insurgent groups and miscreants may try to create tension during the festival. The state has seen a lot of violence in the recent past and we don't want it to hamper the puja season for the people,\" said a senior police officer here.The puja committees are also not taking any chances as they have already started making arrangements to ensure safety during pujas. \"We have planned to install six CCTVs strategically. One control room will monitor the output of the cameras regularly. Moreover, we will put four fire extinguishers in the pandal. We have also decided to deploy 25 private security guards and at least 40 trained volunteers,\" said Tapash Naha, secretary of Rest Camp Kalibari Durgotsav Committee.Similarly, the Newfield Durga Puja Committee of Paltan Bazar too is geared up to provide a safe puja. \"Our idol will adorn original gold jewellery. So we have decided to install five CCTV cameras and hired private security guards to avert any kind of untoward incident,\" said Manas Nandi, secretary of the puja committee.The Newfield Durga Puja Committee is located close to the area, where the Ulfa hardliner faction lobbed a grenade in September and killed a CRPF jawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774410", "title": "Unicef swaps posters for direct communication", "text": "RANCHI: The infant mortality rate of the state, 40 per 1000 live births, is a major cause for concern. Lack of awareness about healthcare among people can be blamed to a great extent for the high rate of mortality.The awareness campaigns, of both the government and non-government organizations (NGO's), about maternal and child health are usually restricted to the use of posters and banners. This, however, does not seem to have much impact in rural areas. As an alternative, Unicef has come up with a programme that will make a switch from poster-based communications to direct communication.Communication for development specialist of Unicef in New Delhi Mario Mosquera said, \"Providing information to people is not adequate, they need support for changing behavior, practices and attitudes. There is a need to shift the focus from poster-based communication to behaviour-change communication which would require social mobilization, advocacy and attitudinal change.\"UNICEF launched a two-day training programme for officials of three government departments, drinking water and sanitation, social welfare and health and family welfare department and for the NGOs involved in spreading awareness.At the inaugural function, the principle secretary of health and family welfare department, K Vidya Sagar said, \"We need to engage with traditional institutions and traditional folk dances to communicate with people. We also need to use the platforms of local fairs, jatras, drama, football and hockey matches, where people assemble in large number, to disseminate the message of maternal and child health. We should respect and understand local customs and beliefs to gain the confidence of people and communities for outreaching better health facilities,\" he said.As a part of the change in the format of spreading awareness, and on the occasion of the launch of hygiene campaign of Unicef, celebrity UNICEF supporter and world's second best archer, Deepika Kumari interacted with the students of Delhi Public School, Ranchi.\"A dirty hand has about one crore viruses and 10 lakh disease carrying pathogens. Washing hands with water alone is not sufficient. Your hands will be clean only when you wash them with soap. Clean hands prevent diseases and save lives,\" said Deepika to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774805", "title": "President's visit to Belgaum raises Shiv Sena hackles", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena on Thursday observed a bandh in the Satara-Sangli-Kolhapur belt after President Pranab Mukherjee visited Belgaum to inaugurate the newly constructed Karnataka Vidhan Sabha.\"We had appealed to the President not to go to Belgaum, which is disputed as Marathis there want to join Maharashtra,\" said Sena MP Sanjay Raut. \"He has hurt the sentiments of Marathis,\" Raut said, warning that Sena may intensify its stir. \"The bandh was near-total,\" said a Sena worker.By once again taking up the Maharashtra-Karnataka border dispute, the Shiv Sena is all set to consolidate its electoral base in western Maharashtra, which has been a Congress-NCP stronghold.Interestingly, the Congress-NCP combine too has begun to sing the Sena tune. Political observers say that the BJP government in Karnataka isn't paying heed to the Sena's demand indicates that the two are not on the same page on the border dispute issue.A functionary of Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti (MES), an outfit agitating for the inclusion of Marathi-speaking villages into Maharashtra, Kiran Thakur threatened to file a PIL against the President for visiting Belgaum when the matter is pending in the SC.Meanwhile, NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal blamed the Karnataka government. He said, \" It has done nothing to resolve the crisis.\" MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre echoed the same views. He said the Karnataka government was trying break the \"unity\" of Marathis along the border villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777214", "title": "Another blow for IT Park\u2019s image", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The report of a special audit by MHA into land acquisition at IT Park was put up before Supreme Court by the land owners, who have been opposing the acquisition for Phase III.The image of IT Park took a beating with allegations of land being given at low rates and the special audit observing that the administration had made attempts to bypass budgetary process by keeping receipts out of government accounts. For this, the audit report stated, the Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB) had been used as an instrument and there had been several cases of direct allotment at very low prices, violation of tender clauses and irregular appointments of consultants to supervize the bidding process.More controversyThe audit had raised objections on allotment of a hotel site at IT Park. It pointed out that the business hotel site land measuring 3.94 acres without permissible ground coverage of 40% was to be auctioned on December 3, 2005. The auction could not be conducted due to non-competitive rates as only one bidder turned up.Dream shatteredThe litigation over Phase III and controversy over land allotment in the first two phases has badly hit RGCTP's prospects to attract more companies. Between 2007 and 2010, only four companies started operations from the park, which was once touted as the next big Tier II destination to benefit from the spillover from Tier I cities. The handful of companies that RGCTP boasts of include Infosys, Wipro, Bharti Airtel, Tech Mahindra and DLF.Already floppedThe ambitious Prideasia Habitat project in the existing IT Park too has failed after a large number of buyers turned away due to a dispute between UT and Parsvnath Developers. Parsvnath was given land to establish 1,431 dwelling units and a commercial complex at RGCTP. CHB, a partner in the joint venture, was to use the bid amount for constructing 25,000 flats for the rehabilitated colony residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "manchu vishnu-starrer denikaina ready has wrapped up its entire shooting part on thursday. the unit, which has been filming patch work scenes on brahmanandam and other support artistes for the past few days in hyderabad, has wrapped up the shooting part. \"today is the last day of shoot 4 dhenikaina ready.going 2 miss this wonderful team ", "code": "16780179", "title": "Vishnu\u2019s Denikaina Ready wrapped up", "text": "Manchu Vishnu-starrer Denikaina Ready has wrapped up its entire shooting part on Thursday. The unit, which has been filming patch work scenes on Brahmanandam and other support artistes for the past few days in Hyderabad, has wrapped up the shooting part. \"Today is the last day of shoot 4 Dhenikaina Ready.Going 2 miss this wonderful team :( Had one of the best times in my life shooting wit them,\" (sic) Vishnu posted on his micro blogging site.Co-starring Hansika Motwani, the film is being directed by G Nageshwara Reddy and produced by 24 Frames Factory. Denikaina Ready is nearing all the post production formalities and is gearing for release in October 24. Chakri and Yuvan Shankar Raja have scored the music for this film, which will also release in Malayalam (dubbed version).Denikaina Ready has story and screenplay by BVS Ravi, Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan. Cinematography is handled by Siddharth. Suddala Ashok Teja, Bhaskarabhatla and Rajajogaiah Sastry are the lyricists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777095", "title": "No quick end to rough ride on potholed roads", "text": "BHOPAL: There is no early end to rough ride in sight for commuters in Arera Colony, Minal Residency, Ashoka Garden and MP Nagar. Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has confirmed that the repair work of damaged roads will be completed only by the end of December.\"We have asked contractors to reconstruct the damaged roads soon, but the work is expected to be completed only by December this year,\" said BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.The residents are still facing inconvenience to drive on the potholed roads of Arera Colony from E-1 to E-8 extension. The roads require immediate attention of the corporation, residents say.Despite written and verbal complaints to the corporation and the government, residents of Minal Residency are facing trouble commuting on JK road, which is in a real bad shape.The residents and shopkeepers of Ashoka Garden staged various demonstrations demanding repairing of the Raisen road, but in vain.\"The corporation has used bad material to construct the roads here, due to which the roads are not able to bear heavy traffic,\" said N T Vyas, retired chief engineer, Public Works Department (PWD).However, requesting anonymity, BMC officials said, \"It is clearly mentioned in the contract that the contractors will repair the roads which were made before monsoon and were damaged during heavy rains. The agreement says if anything goes wrong with the roads in three years of construction, the respective contractor will repair it, failing which action will be taken against the contractors.\"\"However, contractors are unwilling to take up the work as they have not received their due payments on time by the corporation,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16774428", "title": "Kandhamal riots probe panel likely to seek extension", "text": "Berhampur: The Justice Basudev Panigrahi commission inquiring into the 2007 communal riots in Kandhamal district is likely to seek more time to submit its final report. \"I will examine around 100 more people. Several of them are government employees. Moreover, I will take at least six months to write the final report before submitting it to the government,\" retired high court judge Justice Panigrahi said here on Thursday. \"I will need at least one more year to prepare the report,\" he added. The inquiry commission was here to conduct a sitting, where at least six persons have deposed since Tuesday.The commission was set up by the state government to inquire into the riots which had erupted on December 24, 2007. The government notification was issued in January 2008. The commission was expected to submit its report in four months initially. The commission had submitted its interim report in April 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777288", "title": "Suspected polio case tests negative", "text": "PATNA: After remaining polio-free for around 21 months, the country reported its first suspected polio case in Darbhanga district on Thursday. However, Unicef , India denied it to be a polio case.State chief of Unicef, Yameen Mazumder said, \"Although, a case of wild poliovirus type 3 (WPV3) was reported at Darbhanga, the test was negative.\"Sources said an 18-month-old child at Darbhanga was suspected of carrying P3 polio virus though he was earlier vaccinated against polio. Sources said the child is reported to have nutrition deficiency. The stool test conducted at ERC Mumbai laboratory was found negative, Mazumder said.Surprisingly, state health minister Ashwini kumar Choubey was not aware of the case. When contacted, he said, \"I have no knowledge of any such case.\"Meanwhile, the union health ministry, in a statement issued on Thursday, said immunization drive would be launched in 28 districts of Bihar from next week as a precautionary measure.Notably, Bihar has not reported a single wild poliovirus type 3 (WPV3) case since January 2010. As per WHO norms, if there is no polio case for three consecutive years then only India would be declared polio-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16774438", "title": "Formulate law to protect water bodies: HC to state", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Thursday directed the state government to formulate a law to protect water bodies in the state within two years.Taking serious note of the dying water bodies in the state, especially ponds and historical tanks, a division bench of B P Das and M M Das also directed the state government to ensure that the existing ponds did not fall prey to land grabbers.The high court gave the direction while adjudicating a PIL on depleting water bodies in Cuttack. The PIL had raised the point that the city, which once had more than 1,400 tanks and water bodies, was hardly left with 200 now. The court observed that protection of natural water bodies and ponds is akin to honouring the most basic of fundamental rights, the right to life, which is guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution.In order to put a check on the illegal conversion of Jalasaya kisam land into homestead land, the high court has directed the state government to form a seven-member committee under the leadership of revenue divisional commissioner, Cuttack, which will scrutinize the applications seeking conversion of Jalasaya kisam land into homestead land.\"Earlier, tehsildars were permitted to clear such applications for conversion of Jalasaya kisam land. In order to check illegal conversions, the high court has directed the state government to form a seven-member committee consisting of environmentalist, district collector and other district officials. The committee will thoroughly scrutinize applications seeking conversion of Jalasaya kisam land to homestead purposes before giving its nod,\" said Pravat Das, amicus curie in the case.He further said the committee would also conduct a survey as how many unauthorized buildings or structures in the city have been constructed over Jalasaya kisam land and would take stringent action against the violators. The committee would also ensure measures for renovation and restoration of the ponds, said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16777438", "title": "Women seeking prohibition storm collectorate", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: A mob of women clamouring for total prohibition of liquor in Muzaffarpur district stormed into Muzaffarpur collectorate on Thursday by breaking the main gate of the collectorate campus. They also attacked and assaulted a police officer of Motipur police station who, they alleged, was conniving with a liquor mafia of Panapur belt.The women were angry over allowing liquor shops near girls' schools and near temples. They cited an example of such a licensed liquor shop running by the side of a girls' school at Patahi Chowk. Another middle school and a temple were also adjacent to the shop, they said.Muzaffarpur DM S K Mall said he had directed the excise superintendent to immediately inspect the site and report to him. If the norms for the location of the liquor shop had been violated there, it would be definitely shifted to some other place, he said. As regards the demand for total prohibition, he said the issue was beyond his jurisdiction and the state government alone could take a decision on it.It may be mentioned here that a school student had come with her bicycle to request CM Nitish Kumar to take away her cycle and in return withdraw all liquor shops from her neighbourhood. An elderly woman, Nirmala Devi, of Majhaulia village under Mushahari PS claimed that her only son, Ajit, was on death bed for the last 24 hours after consuming liquor from a shop. Devi said she was unable to tolerate the existence of any liquor shop in her vicinity. Chanda Devi of Dumri village under the same police station claimed that a liquor shop was running on the premises of a Hanuman temple.While women had gathered at the main gate of the collectorate, an ASI of Motipur PS Ashok Das incidentally reached there. One of the women demonstrators recognized him and started slapping him and hitting him with their fists. All others in the mob followed her. The ASI tried to escape but he was dragged to Senior SP's office and handed over to the DSP, West. The women said it was this officer who had booked three women opposing liquor shops in police cases for attacking a spurious liquor shop under Panapur police outpost area a month back. Preparation was on to lodge an FIR against three or four women attackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16776105", "title": "'Chavan's clean image not enough to fight corruption'", "text": "PUNE: State BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar on Thursday said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's clean image alone cannot rid the state of corruption.Speaking to reporters at the BJP's city office, Mungantiwar said, \"If the CM really wants to crack down on corruption, then he should form an SIT headed by a high court judge for probing the irrigation scam in the state and nab the culprits who have siphoned public money\".Mungantiwar said the state government should not whitewash the irrigation irregularities by publishing an inapt and incomplete white paper.\"If the government's white paper turns out to be a whitewash, the BJP will publish a black paper giving details of the corruption. The state government has ordered a probe into the role of state irrigation officials in the scam. But that is not enough. The real culprits should be identified and punished,\" he said.Mungantiwar said the BJP has started a state-wide campaign against the NCP-Congress government in the state. \"We will organise public rallies to inform people about the corruption. The entire state machinery is paralyzed and the government and its ministers are busy in corruption,\" he alleged.'Sena should introspect'Sudhir Mungantiwar said the Shiv Sena should introspect about its decision to support the Congress's presidential candidates during the last two elections.\"The Sena supported Pratibha Patil , but she never accepted its demand to hang Afzal Guru . Recently, the Sena requested President Pranab Mukherjee not to accept Karnataka's invitation to inaugurate Suvarna Vidhana Soudha, the second legislature complex built at the border city of Belgaum. He still went ahead and inaugurated it,\" Mungantiwar said, adding that the Sena should have supported BJP-led NDA's candidate in presidential elections as the Congress candidates have never respected their sentiments.Commenting on the gagging of Marathi media during the inaugural function in Belgaum, Mungantiwar said, \"Though Karnataka is ruled by BJP-led government, we, as Maharashtra BJP, denounce the incident\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16777079", "title": "Paralympics hero H N Girisha to open Mysore Dasara sporting events", "text": "MYSORE: Here is a good news for sportspersons participating in Dasara sporting events. Those making record-breaking feat in any of the 20 listed events will get Rs 10,000 as prize.Briefing reporters here on Thursday, Dasara sports sub-committee said it is, for the first time, will organize a Dasara torch relay on the lines of queen's baton relay to mark the beginning of the four-day Dasara sports meet. India's only paralympics hero H N Girisha will inaugurate the event after participating in a procession along with Olympian Vikas Gowda and dignitaries on October 14.Committee president M A Mohan said the Dasara torch relay will commence from Chamundi Hills and pass through about 88 different places of the city, covering 32km in eight hours. The relay, which starts at 8am on October 14, will conclude at Nimbujamba Temple in Nazarbad the same evening. A procession will be organized from there to Chamundi Vihar stadium -- the venue for the inauguration of sporting events.Mohan said national athletes Prajna, Prathik, Kruthika, Nisha Joseph and Bibi Sumaya will participate in the event.The committee has also planned to conduct half-marathon and bi-cycle competitions during October 20-22. The list is being finalized.The panel chief said about 2,300 men and women will participate in 20 different sporting events which will be held at different venues. The government has earmarked Rs 22 lakh for cash prizes and winners in individual category will be given Rs 5,000 (I place), Rs 3,000 (II) and Rs 1,500 (III), while winners of group events will be awarded Rs 2,000 (I), Rs 1,500 (II) and Rs 1,000 (III). The state has sanctioned Rs 45 lakh to the committee, and DULT is sponsoring Rs 4-5 lakh, said Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774732", "title": "Mega project gets Chavan\u2019s FSI push", "text": "MUMBAI: In what is perhaps the highest FSI granted so far beyond city limits, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has agreed to provide 1.5 FSI on a 50-acre plot to be developed for an exhibition-cum-convention (ECC) centre at Shendra in Aurangabad.The ECC has been proposed as part of the ambitious Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) project, which is being pushed by the Centre as its own mega investment project.According to the decision taken by the CM on Wednesday, the 1.5 FSI would be global in nature, meaning it would apply to the entire plot. This means that construction up to 1.5 times the total plot area will be possible.The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), which owns the land, is the nodal agency for DMIC's implementation in the state. It had sought an FSI of 2 for the plot's developable portion for ECC, which will be taken up on built-operate-and-transfer basis, sources said.Chavan held a meeting with DMIC CEO Amitabh Kant on Wednesday. Senior officials were present at the meeting. Following Chavan's agreement, the MIDC, in consultation with DMIC, will issue tenders for the ECC, sources said. A proposal for amendment in town planning norms will be moved too.At the meeting, Chavan asked officials to ensure that the state support agreement (SSA) is signed with DMIC for the project work within the next week. MIDC and the government asserted that the state's equity in the project must be 51%. The DMIC is pushing for a shareholder agreement with a 50-50 equity ratio. A special purpose vehicle for the project will soon be formed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "16775738", "title": "Teen booked for raping 30-year-old in Haryana", "text": "SIRSA: Rapes continue to shock the people in Haryana as 30-year-old married woman was sexually assaulted by a man in Jalalana village of Sirsa district on Wednesday. Both the accused and victim belong to scheduled caste community. No arrest has been made so far.According to police complaint, \"Victim was alone in the house when accused, identified as Jaskaran Singh, 19, raped her. The accused fled from the spot when she started shouting.\"Victim's husband said, \"When I returned home, my wife told me about it.\"Odhan Station House Officer (SHO) Bhartender said, \"A case of rape under 376 of the IPC have been registered against Jaskaran. A man hunt has been launched and we will nab the accused soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775449", "title": "Extra land for Rajiv Gandhi Technology Park cancelled", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court cancelled acquisition of huge tracts of land by Chandigarh Administration for expansion of the Rajiv Gandhi Technology Park saying the process of acquisition was illegal. It also faulted the authorities for the brazen manner in which they diverted the acquired land to favour private builders.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya was at pains to point out how officers succumbed to pressure from the then administrator of the Union Territory and acted as rubber stamps to breach mandatory provisions of the Land Acquisition Act while allowing acquisition of land for the technology park in the name of the late PM and then permitting it to be diverted to real estate developers.The court said, \"Though the ostensible object of transferring land to the Chandigarh Housing Board was development of residential and other infrastructure facilities in the IT Park, the real purpose was to benefit private developers and this became evident from the decision taken in the meeting of the officers of the Chandigarh Administration held on March 30, 2006.\"In furtherance of the aforesaid decision, the Board invited bids for disposal of the land. Parsvnath Developers Limited, who gave the bid of Rs 821.21 crore, was allotted 123.79 acres land. However, after issuing a glamorous advertisement with the title 'Parsvnath - Pride Asia, Chandigarh (an address for aristocratic living)' to attract prospective buyers of residential and commercial properties, Parsvnath Developers appears to have abandoned the project and raised certain disputes which are pending before the arbitrator.\"Going through the voluminous records relating to the land acquisition, the court found that the land acquisition officer (LAO) did not even care to consider objections of the land owners. Though the court faulted him for not following the law and procedure, it sympathized with him.\"If he had shown the courage of acting independently and made recommendation against acquisition of land, he would surely have been shifted from that post and his career would have been jeopardized,\" said Justice Singhvi, who authored the judgment.\"In the system of governance, which we have today, junior officers in the administration cannot even think of, what to say of acting against the wishes/dictates of their superiors. One who violates this unwritten code of conduct does so at his own peril and is described as foolhardy,\" the court said.Even the superior officers were no better. The bench said, \"Even those constituting higher strata of services follow the path of least resistance and find it most convenient to toe the line of the superiors. Therefore, the LAO cannot be blamed for having acted as an obedient subordinate of the superior authorities, including the administrator.\"The casual manner in which senior officers of the Chandigarh Administration dealt with the serious issue of acquisition of land of citizens signifies their total lack of respect for the constitutional provision contained in Article 300A, the law enacted by Parliament, that is the Land Acquisition Act and interpretations thereof by the Supreme Court.\"It seems the officers were overawed by the view expressed by the administrator and the instinct of self-preservation prompted them not to go against the wishes of the administrator who wanted that additional land be acquired in the name of expansion of IT Park despite the fact that a substantial portion of the land acquired for Phase-II had been allotted to a private developer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16777135", "title": "Reuben sinks Kenkre fight", "text": "MUMBAI: Riding on the brilliance of striker Reuben D'Souza Western Railway overcame a spirited Kenkre FC 2-0 to roll into the semifinal of the MDFA RCF Nadkarni Cup Football Tournament being played at the RCF Sports Complex ground, Chembur on Thursday evening. Spearheading the Western attack D'Souza netted both the goals in the first half.The railwaymen perfectly took off on the right track and from their first foray into the rival territory they opened the scoring in the very third minute. D'Souza picked up Somi PT's measured pass before slotting the ball past Kenkre goalkeeper Deepak Kamble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16780408", "title": "Gibbs excited and ready to explode in CLT20", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Former South African opener Herschelle Gibbs says he is ready to \"explode\" during the Champions League Twenty20 main tournament which starts on Saturday in Centurion.Gibbs said he was looking forward to letting local fans see his unique brand of cricket again as he turns out for Australian side Scorchers in the when they take on South Africa's Titans in Centurion on Saturday.\"I'm pretty much excited and ready to explode,\" Gibbs told 'The New Age'.\"We've prepared pretty well for this champs league and our good run during the (Australian) Big Bash will certainly give us the edge as far as match fitness, preparedness and competitiveness are concerned,\" he added.Gibbs, whose best T20 score is a 101 not out, has 26 half centuries in the format. He was named Most Valuable Player by the Scorchers in the last season where they ended runners-up in the Big Bash.Gibbs said he was looking forward to playing at the high altitude again.\"The ball does travel really fast out here in the Highveld and certainly we'll be out to meet the ball with the middle of the bat and hopefully score big,\" Gibbs said.\"Our fielding as well has to be up there because the balls will be flying to the boundaries,\" he added.Gibbs, who once mesmerised fans with his hitting and excellent fielding, frequently ran into trouble off the field while playing for the Proteas.Two years ago, he released a controversial book which angered his fellow players and Cricket South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16774535", "title": "Couple arrested for trafficking tribal girl in Ganjam district", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Police on Thursday arrested three persons, including a couple, for allegedly trafficking a minor tribal girl from Ganjam's Tilisingi village to Kandhamal district. Those arrested are Subash Pradhan, his wife Bishnupriya and Bharat Rout of Tilisingi.Police rescued the girl from a house in Kandhamal's G.Udayagiri on Wednesday, said investigation officer of the case Niranjan Satapathy. The 12-year-old victim was probably going to be sent outside the state. The girl has alleged that Subash raped her before sending her to G Udayagiri on October 2.\"We have sent the victim and the accused to MKCG Medical College and Hospital for medical examination,\" said sub-divisional police officer (SDPO), Bhanjanagar, R Chandra Sethi. Police said Subash lured the girl promising her a job in Bhubaneswar without informing her parents.Mother of the victim, had lodged a kidnapping case against the accused with police. Police are investigating the role of the person who kept the girl at his house and another person who helped Subash take the girl to G Udayagiri on a motorcycle, Satapathy said.Police said Subash sold a girl from the same village in Cuttack two years ago. Even though a case was registered with Tarsingi Police, the girl is yet to be rescued. \"We are now investigating his involvement in other trafficking incidents in the area,\" the SDPO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16775002", "title": "A confident Murray clears Dolgopolov hurdle in Shanghai", "text": "SHANGHAI: On a cold, windswept evening at the Qizhong stadium, Andy Murray came up with a confidence-laced performance to shut out the ponytailed Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-2, 6-2 in under an hour to make the quarterfinals of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000.Next up for the reigning US Open champion is Czech veteran Radek Stepanek , who put out the eighth-seed John Isner in three sets earlier in the day. It was a tricky outing for the 25-year-old Murray, who received a first round bye and was given a walkover in the second round. Dolgopolov, who was on the wrong side of the scoreline on the three occasions he had played Murray, can be difficult to put away at high-tide. Murray, however, played to a well though-out plan, keeping the ball low and not giving his opponent much pace to feed off.Equally convincing on the day was the tournament's second seed Novak Djokovic , who put out Spain's Feliciano Lopez 6-3, 6-3. The 25-year-old reed-thin Serb, who sent down 12 aces in the match and lost two points just once on his serve in the last-16 encounter, was sizzling from the back of the court.World no. 1 Swiss Roger Federer , however, didn't have it all that easy against countryman Stanislas Wawrinka in pre-quarterfinals, rallying to score a 4-6, 7-6, 6-0 win under lights. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga too looked goog beating Marcos Baghdatis 6-3, 7-6 (7-2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16775851", "title": "Sitabuldi PI suspended, more heads to roll", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior inspector Prakash Jadhav of Sitabuldi police station was suspended on Wednesday by the state director general of police Sanjeev Dayal. Jadhav was held responsible for the lynching of a criminal on Tuesday night, and the later discovery of another murdered man's body in the Vasantrao Naik slums. The murdered man had been killed a fortnight ago, and the cops had no knowledge of it. More personnel are expected to face disciplinary action in the case.The police department received a jolt when news of PI Jadhav's suspension came in. Jadhav is the second senior inspector, after Sonegaon PI Arun Rautwar, to be suspended in a fortnight. Rautwar was suspended for allegedly accepting a bribe while on duty.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said any cop who had a role in the ugly episode on Tuesday would be suspended. He has instituted an inquiry under additional CP Anant Shinde. Nagpur's guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe is also expected to reach the city to review the law and order situation.Going by the allegations so far, there appears to be a nexus between policemen from Sitabuldi and people engaged in illegal activities at Vasantrao Naik slums. Joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena met a group of slum dwellers on Thursday. They told the officer how antisocial elements are in collusion with some cops and keep harassing them.Former Nagpur city police chief PKB Chakravorty said there seemed to be a series of failures at both executive and supervisory level. \"The flare up at Vasantrao Naik slum is a typical example of lack of supervision, which is actually thought to be the greatest advantage of a commissionerate pattern of policing. An officer of assistant CP level is supposed to visit the police station every day and the DCP once a week,\" said Chakravorty.\"I had started a system of daily reports being sent to the CP, who would remark on special cases, and compliance was expected to come the next day,\" said the former top cop. Chakravorty added that the latest incident also points to abject failure of the criminal intelligence system.The highly decomposed body of Rohit Jain was discovered on Wednesday from a hut at Vasantrao Naik slums. Police exhumed Jain's body in the presence of an executive magistrate and a medical team from Government Medical College and Hospital. Jain was allegedly killed by Shaikh Akram, his younger brother Shaikh Akbar, Kamlesh Gupta and others. Police have already arrested Akram, Akbar and Gupta. Crime branch has also rounded up one more person for his role in Jain's murder.Sensing tension in the locality, the cops have also set up a makeshift chowky at Vasantrao Naik slums.The slum dwellers have complained that Akram and Pintu Shinde ran a gambling den in partnership. They had started grabbing hutments to expand their illegal activities. The goons would also harass women and threaten local residents, who finally rebelled and killed one of the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775593", "title": "Flavoured milk leaves 11 kids in Mumbai civic school sick", "text": "MUMBAI: Merely two days after the civic body re-started providing flavoured milk to civic schoolkids, 11 students of MHB Urdu School in Malwani fell ill after consuming it on Thursday. Not ready to take risk, the BMC has discontinued the scheme.According to civic officials, after drinking flavoured milk, the kids, aged eight to 11 years, suffered indigestion and some even vomited. They were taken to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli. Medical superintendent Dr S S Gawde confirmed that seven girls and four boys were brought in, complaining of vomiting and uneasiness. \"All are stable but we will keep them under observation for at least 24 hours,\" Gawde said, adding they might be discharged on Friday.A hospital source said samples of the milk would be tested to see if it was adulterated. \"After the incident, we have discontinued the scheme. Further decision will be taken after the report comes,\" said additional municipal commissioner M M Adtani.The Malwani police have not registered an FIR. \"Once we learn the reason for food poisoning, we will take legal action against the person concerned,\" said the police, adding the milk was packaged in Haryana.The BMC awarded a Rs 121-crore contract to Mahananda to supply flavoured milk to schools. Within two weeks of the scheme starting on August 27, a Sewree school kids fell ill. The plan was suspended for four weeks.Times View: Check on milk not optional but a mustDespite an annual Rs 100 crore provision to supply flavoured milk to students of civic schools, the BMC has not been able to keep a check on the way the milk is stored and distributed. Since 2007, when the scheme started, there have been more than 10 instances of kids falling sick after having the milk. The supplier has been changed twice but if such instances continue to happen, then there must be some problem with the storage and distribution. A thorough check should be done to see if there is contamination at any stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16778470", "title": "Pink initiative for rights of girls", "text": "MUMBAI: Iconic monuments of the country like the Qutub Minar, Humayun's Tomb and Purana Quila in Delhi, and Charminar in Hyderabad will be lit in pink to mark the first ever International Day the Girl Child. An initiative by Plan India, a child-centered community development organisation, is to highlight and create awareness about girls' rights.The organisation is celebrating the day as part of its 'Because I am a Girl' (BIAAG) campaign. Bhagyashri Dengle, Plan India's executive director said, \"The illumination of landmark monuments is a symbolic nationwide call for all to join hands together to support girls' rights. A girl in India faces barriers at every stage of her life including violations of her right to get access to quality education, proper healthcare, and protection from abuse &amp; exploitation. Our campaign is committed towards galvanising action to ensure every girl is able to realize her full potential.\"The organisation also released key findings of 'Learning for Life' - the fourth report in its annual 'State of the Girl Child in India' series. The report focussed on building the human capital of girls through knowledge and skills, aiming to equip, enable and empower girls of all ages to acquire the assets, skills and knowledge necessary to succeed in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16767773", "title": "Delhi gets bedazzled", "text": "Shree Raj Mahal Jewellers recently celebrated their third anniversary, and to congratulate the designer duo Pradeep and Praveen Goel, actress Rimi Sen visited their showroom in Karol Bagh.The duo also launched two new jewellery collections - Sondaraya and Svara. Rimi launched the collection and Shree Raj Mahal's new website. She then tried on a few pieces, along with actresses Yuvika Chaudhary and Urvashi Rautela, who were also present there. The three girls discussed their love for jewellery at length and commented on every piece that they were trying on.Rimi later told us how much she loves shopping in Delhi. The girls also said that they were really impressed by the intricate and fine work on some of the larger and grander statement pieces of the two new collections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777102", "title": "Man booked for 'looting' woman's shop", "text": "BHOPAL: A man has been booked on the charges of loot in a dispute over a shop with a woman, here on Wednesday evening.Police said that the accused, Dinesh Pal Singh wanted to sell his shop at Ratan Colony to one Giri Swami. The two had also signed a sale deed. Singh took around Rs 70,000 as the initial payment while the rest amount was supposed to be paid later, police said.Swami died later and the woman, identified as Anjana Pawar claimed her ownership over the shop. She had made a deal with Swami and had paid a sum to him, police said.Last month, the woman along with her son tried to take possession of the shop and had a dispute with Singh who lodged a police complaint. The woman too lodged a complaint before a local court which directed Nishatpura police to lodge a complaint of loot.On court's order, the police have registered a case against Singh and initiated fresh investigation in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16780387", "title": "Shafaq Naaz tipped for Endemol\u2019s next?", "text": "Off late, TOI.com reported about Rohit Purohit's return with Life OK's next, produced by Endemol India. The maker of Bigg Boss 6 along with the channel are trying hands on a new genre for the first time.A little birdie informs, The Endemol show which is in the pipeline for the channel is based on a some myseterious powers or else can be said is some where loosely based on the movie Bhool Bhulaiya.Rohit Purohit is so far finalized to essay the lead where as we too hear that Shafaq Naaz, last seen in Sony TV's Shubh Vivaah is expected to essay the female lead. Once everything from the channel gets cleared the cast will start with its pilot shoot which will telecast as the first episode of the show.When contacted, Shafaq stated, \"I agree they have approached me but I am clueless about the further development.\"Keep reading this space for more updates!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775770", "title": "Electricity Regulatory Commission questions Power Corporation Limited chief's right to ask for new tariffs", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) chairman and principal secretary (energy) AK Gupta issued an order under section 108 of the State Electricity Act directing the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) to announce power tariffs within five days, the latter questioned the coporation's power vis-a-vis the said section and demanded action against Gupta.In a terse reply sent to the corporation, the commission said section 108 of the act only related to the matters of policy and was not related to determination of the tariff. The commission said that as a quasi judicial body it was in the process of scrutinising the annual revenue receipts (ARR)/tariff petitions in all distribution and transmission licencees in the state.When contacted, UPERC chairman Rajesh Awasthi said the commission was already in the final stages of determining the tariff. Though he did not gave a fixed date he said the notification would be issued soon. UPERC sources said the new tariff structure, essentially raising the energy charges for industrial houses by around 30 to 40 per cent, was likely to come into force within a week or so.Member of the state advisory committee of UPERC, AK Verma, while calling it an attempt to dent the image of the commission, demanded action against Gupta. In a petition filed before the commission, Verma cited former solicitor general of India Gopal Subramanium's observation that an electricity regulatory commission cannot be 'directed' by any agency on the issue of tariff.UPERC sources said it was the first time a government agency had exercised powers it was not vested with. \"It is surprising senior officials in the UPPCL are not aware of the provisions of the act,'' said a UPERC official.On Wednesday, Gupta, in a stunning letter dashed to UPERC had said that tariff petition for financial year 2012-13 was filed long back and all formalities, including public hearing, are already complete. \"The tariff, however, is yet to be issued, giving rise to gigantic financial problems,'' the principal secretary wrote.Gupta added that the financial condition of the department had been precarious, hence, it was prudent to improve it. \"Efforts have been made to get loan sanctioned from different financial institutions like power finance corporation and different banks, who have linked the release of loans with the issue of tariff order,'' the letter said.Sources, meanwhile, said some officials in the UPPCL were already dubbing the commission office a bunch of officials with political connections in the former BSP government. UPERC chairman Awasthi was especially on the radar of the SP government for links with a senior Brahmin BSP leader, who was supposedly closed to Mayawati.The SP government has taken back its special leave petition (SLP) in Supreme Court seeking review of a high court order that quashed the appointment of Awasthi earlier this year. In January 1, the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court had ordered removal of Awasthi as UPERC chairman on a writ petition by a former energy department employee Nand Lal Jaiswal.Jaiswal had argued in his petition that under statutory provisions, Awasthi was not eligible for the post because of the state government's interest involved with the JP Power Venture of which he has been a vice-president. On January 12, the Supreme Court stayed the high court's January 1 order after Mayawati government filed the SLP against it. At the same time, Awasthi filed another SLP separately. Taking a U-turn, the present government, however, chose to file an application in July seeking withdrawal of the SLP that had sought to challenge the HC order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775187", "title": "Man becomes woman in ID issued by EC", "text": "BANGALORE: Gender is changed. Address is just two words and date of birth is XXXX...1942The voter ID cards issued by the State Election Commission are full of errors leaving Bangaloreans like Umesh Gowda, 26, from ITI Colony near KR Puram, fuming . I was shocked when I saw my voter ID card. My name is Kondamma!'' All this after a one-and-a-half-year effort.Umesh Gowda's address is mentioned as \"#E-44, Bangalore\". Can this be the postal address of any person in Bangalore? And my date of birth is 'xx-xx-1942.''Interestingly, even the netas are worried about the blunders as it will be a vote lost for them. Nandish Reddy, MLA from KR Puram, said that hundreds of cards issued in his constituency have similar mistakes. \"Can't the operators see the photograph of the person before issuing the cards? The names and gender do not match with the photograph. Isn't there any end to such mistakes,\" he asked.Most popular surname 'Rao' in South and Central Karnataka is spelt as Raw. And then there are errors in the address while transcribing the English spellings in Kannada.\"My daughter's ID card is full of errors. The address is not correct either in Kannada or in English. Voter ID cards are supposed to be the authentic address proof. How can we use this now to apply for ration card or any other service we need in Bangalore,\" asked Uma Rao from Girinagar, whose daughter's EPIC card is erroneous.Reissuing cards costs moneyEvery time there is a mistake in the ID card, the voter will have to re-apply for incorporating the changes. This means cost. The government spends crores of rupees on reissuing the cards.According to a senior BBMP officer, the mistakes are made by the data operators temporarily hired by BBMP. The cards are no longer printed by a private agency, but done by BBMP officials. A printout of the voter's details are taken, emblem pasted and the card will be ready. It will be put inside a transparent pouch given by the central electoral officer. The cards are not laminated like earlier. The government spends Re 1 per each voter ID card and Rs 4 is given to booth-level officer to dispatch the card.Is that so, asks ECSuranjana C, chief electoral officer, Karnataka, said: \"About the alleged mistakes made in the voters' ID cards, I will have to find out if it is true. I have called for a meeting with BBMP officials on Wednesday where it will be discussed. We have supplied pouches of good quality to BBMP. Earlier, private vendors used to handle the printing of the cards. But now, with the availability of technology in all administrative units like BBMP, we are not outsourcing the printing.''Poor qualityThe quality of cards hase become inferior too. The cards issued in June 2012 are just a piece of paper, half wrapped in thin layer of plastic. This, compared to the cards issued a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776664", "title": "Correct dam register without waiting for court order: Kerala HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Thursday suggested that the Union government does not have to wait for a court order to correct the national register of dams, if allegations are found to be correct.The observation by the division bench comprising chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique was given while considering a petition filed by former member of Parliament P C Thomas.In his petition, Thomas had alleged that Mullaperiyar and three other major dams -- Parambikulam, Thoonakadavu and Peruvaripallam -- were marked incorrectly in the National Register of Large Dams published by the Central Water Commission in January 2009, to be under the control of Tamil Nadu.Responding to Thomas' petition, assistant solicitor general P Parameswaran Nair had submitted to the high court on August 9 that the register was prepared on the basis of the information given by respective state governments.The petitioner alleged that, though there are other dams controlled by Tamil Nadu, specific mention of Mullaperiyar alone shows the malicious intent and connivance of the central government. \"The intention and origin of this mistake is unknown. The callous way in which such mistakes happen may end up in unnecessary dispute,\" the petition added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16775861", "title": "'Mobility slows the progression of arthritis'", "text": "NAGPUR: Restricted mobility and sedentary lifestyle may be affecting more than your waistline. These may also be the cause of arthritis striking one at later stages of life.As the theme for the World Arthritis Day that falls on Friday is 'move to improve', city doctors recounted the benefits of mobility for the health of one's bones. Even for those who have already fallen prey to these diseases, keeping active and mobile can arrest the progress of the disease, preventing it from worsening, they say.Speaking about the importance of physical activity, Dr Sajal Mitra, head of the orthopaedics department of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) said, \"Research has shown that even small amounts of physical activity can not only benefit people with rheumatoid arthritis , helping them to stay mobile, independent and able to participate in society, but are also important in helping to prevent some joint problems and conditions such as osteoporosis.\"He said arthritis not just affects the joints but also the ligaments, muscles and tendons surrounding the joints. \"The point of origin of pain is these internal structures and not bones alone. Movement streamlines their condition. Though we can't reverse the damage done to the bones, the quality of structures can be improved by movement, thus relieving the sufferer of pain to certain extent,\" he said.\"Most of the elderly women in India have some bone related problems like osteoporosis , osteomalacia or osteoarthritis. Middle aged women can delay the onset of these diseases by regular weight bearing exercises as these activities stimulate the bones. Patients of these diseases can perform non-weight bearing exercises like swimming,\" said orthopaedician Dr Sushrut Babhulkar. Mobility of the joints lubricates and nourishes them so as to reduce the speed of progression of these ailments, he added.He pointed out that among Indians, arthritis of the knee joint was much more common than that of hips which is more common in other countries. \"This could be perhaps because of our practice of squatting to sit down, an action that lubricated the hip joint or it could have a genetic predisposition,\" he said.\"The aim of treating a bone-related ailment in most cases is to increase the mobility of the patient. Being bed-ridden increases stress , which has been proven to be an important factor in worsening the condition of an arthritis patient,\" said former president of Vidarbha Orthopaedic Society (VOS) Dr Sanjiv Chaudhary. Except for inflammatory arthritis or that caused by infections like tuberculosis , where movements should be restricted, those with other forms of the disease must remain physically active, he said.As many of the sufferers of the disease are in their 40s and 50s, inability to move affects many other aspects of their lives, said Dr Makrand Dhopavkar. He advises regular exercises and controlling body weight as measures to slow down the progression of the disease. \"Walking and cycling are among the best exercises for arthritis patients. They should, however, avoid putting undue pressure on their knees in the advanced stages of the disease,\" he said.Natl programme on the cardsLast year, the Vidarbha Orthopaedic Society (VOS) conducted a survey in the district about the prevalence of arthritis among women from the region. It also published a white paper with the results of the survey which was presented to the Union minister of state for heath and family welfare Sudip Bandyopadhyay. The society has recently received a letter from the ministry acknowledging the need for taking up the cause of arthritis. The letter also states that the ministry has decided to devise a national programme for the disease under non-communicable diseases in the twelfth Five Year Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775740", "title": "President to honour King George's Medical University's best", "text": "LUCKNOW: The century old King George's Medical University wore a festive look on the eve of eighth convocation ceremony. President Pranab Mukherjee will be the chief guest for the event in which meritorious students would be lauded for their achievements. Governor B L Joshi and Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav would share the dais with the President.KGMU spokesperson Prof Abbas Mahdi said the prestigious Hewett medal and Chancellor's medal will be awarded to Deepansh Dalela, son of former head of urology department Prof Diwakar Dalela. Both medals are given for outstanding academic performance in MBBS. Deepansh will also receive two other medals, University Honours medal and RKD Mishra memorial centenary gold medal.Himanshu Kumar Yadav will be awarded two medals-GD Srivastava, Shanti Devi Gold medal for MD (Medicine) and Dr NN Gupta gold medal for MD (Medicine). The roll call of honour includes Priyal Tiwari, Rahul Arora, Praveen Kumar, Anubhav Raj, Nilank Saroha, Rokolhoukho Sirie, Vijay Raghav Reddy, Shipra Agrawal, Pravin Naphade, Prashantha B, Vaihhav Singh, Sonalika, Aman Agrawal and Akash Agrawal. In all, 231 MBBS, 51 BDS, 11 PhD, 8 DM, 10 MCh, 96 MD, 48 MS, 65 Diploma, 26 MDS and four nursing degree/diplomas which will be awarded during the convocation along with 25 gold medals.Keeping in mind the maxim that 'children are the future of any nation', the medical university has decided to highlight the cause of healthy life for children as theme of the convocation would give Honorius Causa to two pediatricians. The first recipient of the honor is Dr Surendra K Varma, also a Georgian. With a postgraduate degree in pediatrics, Dr Varma is an expert pediatric endocrinologist. But what sets him apart is his conviction that helped him convince the US government to come up with legislation on screening of newborns for congenital hypothyroidism. The action is said to have saved many children from growing up mentally retarded.Prof Prem Puri, who is the president of the world federation of association of pediatric surgeons, is the other recipient. The expert child surgeon is known for his innovative treatment for kidney reflux.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775955", "title": "Needless procedures plague hapless patients: World Bank", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unnecessary procedures on hapless patients have not just become a menace in private hospitals, but are also becoming rampant in government facilities.The World Bank report on health insurance commissioned by the Union health ministry says that the new government sponsored health insurance schemes like the flagship Rashtriya Swastha Bima Yojana (RSBY) has found evidence of unnecessary care.RSBY has found that certain hospitals perform many more hysterectomies than would be expected, or combine hysterectomies with simultaneous salpingo-oopharectomies (the removal of an ovary together with the fallopian tube), which entitles the facility to claim additional charges for one more treatment package.There were similar claims for hernia combined with appendectomy to maximize revenues from the scheme.Monitoring data from Aarogyasri - a health insurance scheme run by Andhra Pradesh government \u2014 also suggests that certain procedures like appendectomy, hysterectomy, laminectomy/discectomy and renal stone lithotripsy were experiencing provider induced demand.\"Insurance coverage is resulting in higher utilization among beneficiaries. Adverse selection does not appear to be a major problem for the new wave of government sponsored health insurance schemes because most are free or at a negligible cost and often automatically cover all eligible beneficiaries. However, moral hazard and early signs of unnecessary care and substitution of inpatient for outpatient services are worrisome, and will require tough control measures,\" says the World Bank report.Anecdotal evidence also suggests that some schemes may also induce overinvestment in tertiary care and expensive technologies (like CT scanners and cardiac catheterization units) at the expense of investments in ambulatory care, prevention and coordinated networks.\"Healthcare in India is inexpensive when compared with costs in countries in the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). Nevertheless, care is probably not inexpensive in relation to the income of the vast majority of its citizenry, but if insurance drives a hospital-based system, costs will escalate beyond what the country can afford,\" the report adds.Now, more Indians have some form of health insurance. The country's public financing for healthcare is less than 1% of the world's total health expenditure, although it is home to over 16% of the world's population.Families meet almost 70% of their health expenses out of their own pockets, placing considerable financial burden on poor households, often pushing them deeper into poverty.The World Bank report, authored by Gerard La Forgia and Somil Nagpal, finds that over the last five years, government-sponsored schemes have contributed to a significant increase in the population covered by health insurance in the country.Over 300 million people, or more than 25% of India's population, gained access to some form of health insurance by 2010 \u2014 up from 55 million in 2003-04. More than 180 million of these were from below the poverty line.The report projects that more than 630 million persons, or about half of the country's population, can be covered with health insurance by 2015. By this time, spending through health insurance is also likely to reach 8.4% of total health spending, up from 6.4% in 2009-10, the study says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774310", "title": "Scare for India\u2019s polio-free status", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's polio-free success story got a major scare on Thursday when an 18-month-old male baby from Bihar's Darbhanga district was suspected to have polio.The news sent a chill down the spine of Union health ministry officials, who promptly sent the suspected stool samples for testing to the Enterovirus Research Centre (ERC) in Mumbai and Centres for Disease Control in Atlanta.So what really happened that sent the entire ministry into a tizzy?All samples picked up as part of a regular surveillance of polio from Bihar are sent to the Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGI) lab in Lucknow for testing. Officials here raised an alarm saying they weren't very sure about the sample, and couldn't confirm it to be polio free. Further investigations revealed that the boy had received all his vaccines. Also, infection by a wild polio virus strain was last reported from Bihar almost two and a half years ago.\"The Mumbai lab finally confirmed it isn't polio. It might have been a case of lab contamination,\" an official said.India has not reported any case of polio since 13 January, 2011, with the lone case detected from West Bengal's Howrah district. If India managed to maintain a zero case status till 2014, it would be declared polio free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777081", "title": "All-India civic service needed: Gaur", "text": "BHOPAL: Constitution of All-India Municipal Service is necessary for streamlining various arrangements in view of increasing urbanization in the country as it will boost local self-government system, said urban administration and development minister Babulal Gaur . He was speaking during the first-information workshop of various states, here on Thursday.Representatives from across MP, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra and Gujarat participated in the workshop organized by the Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations ( ICRIER) with the cooperation of Madhya Pradesh Urban Administration and Development department.For creation of state-level municipal cadre, the state cabinet has accorded sanction to state urban administration service, state civil engineering service, state urban sanitation service and state urban finance service, Gaur said.Dr Ishar Judge Ahluwalia of ICARIA also spoke during the workshop. Principal secretary urban administration, SPS Parihar, commissioner urban administration development, Sanjay Shukla, Ahmedabad municipal commissioner, Guruprasad Mahapatra, representatives of various urban bodies and officers were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16774785", "title": "Police need to be more sensitized", "text": "The city police has still not learnt its lesson. The Mecca Masjid blast in the city had led to widespread arrests of young Muslim boys, who were later acquitted by the court. One would have assumed that the police force would be more careful and more diligent in its homework before making arrests. But that does not seem to be the case. It is ironical that a researcher working on these arrests himself became a victim of the same police action. The force needs to be sensitized so that it doesn't repeat such ill-conceived actions.Related story:  Police under fire over Tata Institute of Social Sciences student's arrest", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779696", "title": "Madhur Bhandarkar keen to shoot next film in Kashmir", "text": "Filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar visited the shrine of Hazrat Zaindin Reshi Aishmuqam in south Kashmir and said he will try to include Kashmir as a shooting location in his next venture.The national award winning director prayed for the success of his new project and interacting with people saying he has great faith in Sufi shrines.He also showered praises on the state government for \"promoting and preserving of the rich environmental heritage of the Valley and Anantnag district in particular\".Bhandarkar termed as good news Bollywood units and big banners shooting in the Valley with big stars like Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif . He said he has always been mesmerised by the beauty of Kashmir expressed surprise why filmmakers go to foreign locations.He said Kashmir has everything required for a good shoot for any Bollywood film and hoped to include it as a shooting location in his next venture. Bhandarkar, however, pointed out that Kashmir needs to improve in wayside facilities, public conveniences and quality food and lodging.He said there has to be a professional approach and expert people should run the tourism industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776369", "title": "NMC doesn't see illegal hoarding next door", "text": "NAGPUR: Illegal hoardings continue to deface the cityscape. And the Nagpur Municipal Corporation and city police -two agencies that are supposed to crack down on illegal hoardings - have failed to honour Bombay high court's directives check the hoardings.An illegal hoarding has come up at Vidhan Bhavan square, a short distance from NMC headquarters where municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane also sits. The traffic junction is also close to office of deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jeevaraj Dabhade and south wing senior PI Avinash More. Apparently, the illegal hoarding has failed to draw the attention of these senior officers.A year ago, NMC had unveiled the statue of Gond King Bakht Buland Shah, who set up the city some 300 years ago, at Vidhan Bhavan Square. At the grand function, NMC also felicitated statue's sculptor Pradnya Murti. During the function, Murti expressed disappointment over statues' poor maintenance. He was assured his work would not face such a problem as NMC office was situated nearby.The civic body failed to honour its own assurance. On Thursday, a hoarding was found erected diagonally opposite the statue to welcome MNS leader Ritha Gupta. The hoarding was put up by MNS on traffic poles. Similar hoardings were also erected at Raja Rani square near RBI quarters in Civil Lines and at Deekshabhoomi square. No permission had been obtained from the NMC zonal office to erect these hoardings. Their installation is also in violation of HC directives.Recently, Wardhane had ordered removal of all illegal hoardings and banners. Under Bombay Police Act, it is an offence to attach any sign or poster to any road traffic sign or pole. The story of defacement of the city does not end here. A visit to major squares of the city will show how the court directives are being openly flouted.At Zero Mile T-point, minister Rajendra Mulak's hoarding (in which the minister is extending greetings to Haj pilgrims) could be spotted tied with a tree and a traffic signal. The hoarding was taken out soon after TOI lensman clicked its picture. A senior official said despite NMC taking a tough stand and removing illegal hoardings and banners across the city, illegal political hoardings continue to crop up at almost every square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16775791", "title": "SIM card owner cries foul, FIR against 3", "text": "GURGAON: On the order of a city court, police have lodged an FIR against two men - local managers of two different mobile phone companies and a SIM card buyer - on the charge of cheating a customer of one of the companies by blocking his SIM card number and misusing it after false documentation.According to police, the victim alleged that a particular mobile telephone company had blocked his SIM card number and sold the same number sell to other. He also alleged that the number was sold after changing his portability.Sanjiv Kumar, resident of Sector 4, filed a petition in a city court some time ago. In his petition he said that he was using his mobile number for a long time. In January 2012 his SIM card was suddenly blocked. The victim said that he had complained to the manager of the mobile company office, located in Sector 14, but no action was taken by the manager, victim alleged.Some days later, he found that the same number was allotted to one Vikas Rana, resident of Alok Vihar, Sector 50 Noida and the portability of the number was also changed with another mobile company number.When the manager of the other mobile company was contacted, he also did not give a satisfactory response. Alleging that all the three persons concerned had threatened to kill him, the victim said the whole thing was a conspiracy.\"On the order of a city court we have lodged an FIR under the sections of fraud and cheating against the three persons,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16774323", "title": "Skill development programmes for primitive tribes", "text": "GUMLA: The primitive tribes, residing mostly in Naxalite-hit areas of the district, will be imparted skill-development training so that they too can join the mainstream.To begin with, almost all school dropouts of Birhor tribe from the Maoist-hit Palkot block will be associated with skill development initiatives being executed in Gurukul and Orient Craft Fashion Institute of Technology(Ocfit). These youths hail from Birhor colony at Jaldega village in Palkot block.\"The objective is to generate income by associating these tribals with skill development programmes and subsequently, providing them with jobs in organized sectors, as both these training institutes ensure placements outside the state,\" said IAS probationer Manjunath Bhajantri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16776232", "title": "Taxi driver who knocked down 6 in Mahim held", "text": "MUMBAI: Hours after he allegedly knocked down six people near Mahim station, a 40-year-old taxi driver was arrested from his PG accommodation in Goregaon (E) late on Wednesday.Around 2am on Wednesday, a group of pavement dwellers thrashed Virendrakumar Tiwari\u2014the accused\u2014after some women sleeping on the road raised an alarm when he allegedly tried to misbehave with them. He managed to flee, only to return minutes later. In a fit of rage, he rammed the Santro taxi into three pavement dwellers before hitting a biker and two pedestrians while escaping.Tiwari reportedly told the police that his intention was to find a place to sleep as he was sloshed and not in a condition to drive. He also denied that he misbehaved with any woman. \"He had gone drinking with a passenger. After an inebriated Tiwari reached Mahim, he vomited and looked for a place to sleep. That's when he saw a mosquito net by the road and tried to enter it. However, as some women were sleeping there, he was caught and beaten up,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.The cabbie told the Mahim police that a man hired his taxi in BKC late on Tuesday and wanted to go a dance bar in Bandra. \"He said I could join him and I agreed. After having a few drinks there, we went to another bar. I was totally inebriated by then. The passenger took advantage of this and left without paying the fare,\" Tiwari said.According to the investigators, Tiwari said he was angry at being \"beaten up for no reason\". \"He tried to run the speeding taxi over the pavement dwellers. Six people were injured in the incident. One of them, Bansi Chouhan, is still on ventilator at Bandra's Bhabha Hospital,\" an officer said. Some beat marshals saw the taxi hit a biker and two pedestrians. They chased it till Dadar on their motorcycle, but Tiwari managed to escape.Tiwari then went to KEM Hospital to get his injuries treated. Around 5am, he handed over the taxi to its owner. \"On enquiring about a damaged taxi, an officer found the vehicle in a Mahim garage. This led us to the taxi owner and the driver. Tiwari has been a cabbie for 17 years,\" said Dashrat Patil, senior inspector. Tiwari has been booked for attempt to murder, endangering life, rash and negligent driving. He has also been booked for drunk driving.Dr Vijaya Bhatt, medical superintendent at Bhabha Hospital, said: \"Chouhan moved his limbs a little on Thursday, but is still not out of danger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775027", "title": "SC refuses roving inquiry into all blasts since 2002", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday dismissed a PIL seeking an inquiry into all bomb blast cases to find out whether Muslim youth have been falsely implicated in the light of similar findings relating to Samjhauta train and Malegaon blast cases.A bench of Justices T S Thakur and Fakir M I Kalifulla said it was not inclined to constitute a panel headed by a retired SC Judge to probe all blast cases since 2002 as it would result in making \"a roving inquiry into the various criminal proceedings so far lodged in connection with cases of bomb blasts all over the country.\"Ordering inquiry by a committee headed by a retired SC Judge \"would amount to creating a parallel body without any statutory sanction and to function only under some direction of this court which would be lacking in very many procedural details and will ultimately result in utter chaos and confusion in dealing with the criminal proceedings which have already been lodged and progressing before various criminal courts,\" it said.The PIL filed by Gulzar Ahmed Kazmi had requested the court take disciplinary proceedings against investigating officers who framed innocent Muslim youth in blast cases and direct the Union government to take action against communal organizations like RSS, VHP and their allied forums for their alleged involvement in bomb blasts and other terror-related activities.It had also sought release on bail of all Muslim youth, arrested in connection with blast cases, against whom there was no clinching or conclusive evidence.Justice Kalifulla, writing the judgment for the bench, said there were enough safeguards in all criminal laws for a person, who had been falsely roped in a case, to demonstrate his innocence. \"Therefore, it will be for the concerned individual against whom any criminal proceeding is lodged to work out his remedy,\" he said.The court also noted that at present there was no dearth of free legal aid to those who could not afford a lawyer. \"In fact, it is now well known that on mere asking of the concerned presiding officer, those involved in such criminal proceedings are being offered free legal aid of high caliber in order to ensure that no innocent person is being punished for want of proper legal assistance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775499", "title": "Students complain to cops against Siddharth College", "text": "MUMBAI: Students of Siddharth College of Commerce and Economics, Fort, have complained to the police against their institute charging fees under heads not prescribed by Mumbai University. The complaint also says the college has doubled the college fee.\"The college has charged each student Rs 1,000 as deposit to ensure we fulfil the 75% attendance requirement. It is also charging a service charge of Rs 1,900,\" said a student. \"Also, while the university prescribes a college fee of Rs 3,970, the college charges almost double the amount-Rs 7,330.\"An official from the education department said the charges are illegal. \"No university-affiliated college ever charges a deposit for attendance.\"A student said, \"Most students here are poor and can barely afford the steep charges. Some of us approached the principal several times seeking a refund of the deposit, but he never gives us an audience.\" Frustrated, the students gave a written complaint to the Azad Maidan police station on Wednesday.Principal Krishna A Patil said the college was not doing anything illegal. \"We are providing facilities to students. Several classrooms have air-conditioners now. We also provide students a private bus facility. We started charging an attendance deposit from this year after the implementation of the credit system. The deposit will be returned. We offer students facilities; we do not misuse their money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775394", "title": "Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission gives RWAs week for views on tariff", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power regulator DERC on Thursday decided to give RWAs time till October 17 to give their written submission on the issue of rationalization of the slab system, as proposed by the commission earlier this month. The public hearing to take the final call on scrapping of 0 to 400 unit slab and restoring the original slab of 0-200 units and 201 to 400 units was scheduled on October 8. But it was called off after RWA and BJP members staged protest and took DERC chairman, P D Sudhakar, hostage for an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777073", "title": "A pile of trouble for commuters as Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, Youth Congress take out rallies", "text": "BHOPAL: Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha-sponsored sankalp rally on Thursday created inconvenience to citizens till afternoon. Violating traffic norms and shouting slogans, the BJYM activists carried BJP flags, created traffic jams. Another rally taken out by the Youth Congress activists in protest only added to the woes of commuters.\"While going to the hospital, I was stuck near the Career College where the BJYM activists gathered for the rally. I reached the hospital after wasting almost an hour,\" said Geetendra Singh, a resident of Ayodhyabypass. He added the traffic police did not even help him despite requesting several times.\"My wife is pregnant and we proceeded to a hospital for medical check-up. She was in need of doctor, but the police personnel preferred to look the other way despite our pleading for help.\"Even minors were seen riding bikes in the rally. Almost all two-wheeler riders in the rally did not wear helmet that has been mandatory in Bhopal .Ordinary citizen is being penalized heavily, says Rajendra Raghuvanshi, a bank employee, if they don't wear helmet.\"Why the police spare these people. Is it because, they are associated with the ruling party outfit?Why the police did not fine the bikers riding without protective headgear, additional superintendent of police Monika Shukla said \"Our primary job was to regulate the traffic during the rally. As practice, policemen deployed in any political, religious function or rallies do not fine participants. They rather ensure that traffic moves smoothly so that commuters are saved from traffic snarls or other inconvenience.BJP MLA and BJYM president Jitu Jirati expressed helplessness on the issue. \"I advised the participants to follow traffic rules, but what can I do if they ignored my advice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775218", "title": "Two govt teachers to learn more from Belgium", "text": "BANGALORE: How often have you heard of government teachers getting to go abroad? Two such teachers working in Davanagere and Dharwad schools have been selected to visit the University College of Arteveldehoge School, Ghent, in Belgium.The offer is part of Gurupuraskar, an initiative by Shikshana Foundation. The teachers - Shivappa Badiger from Halumagulu in Davanagere, and Somashekhar Kumtakar from Madhihonnalli - will get an opportunity to interact and exchange ideas with their counterparts for 15 days.Last year, teachers from Belgium were hosted by Sikshana in Kanakapura taluk. They were impressed by the Nali Kali programme being implemented in state schools. In a return gesture, Belgium invited Karnataka teachers to share information about their educational system.\"I love teaching, especially in villages. There are no labs in our schools to teach Science. In mine, we have divided the classroom to make space for a lab too. During summer camps, we make low-cost models. I enjoy working with children,\" said Somashekhar, who teaches Maths and Science.\"We will try to understand the techniques being used in Belgium and give suggestions to the department here for their implementation. They have one of the best education systems in the world,\" said Shivappa, a Kannada teacher.\"One of the things I'd like to focus on is techniques to explain difficult concepts to children,\" added Somashekhar. The teachers will leave for Belgium on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774647", "title": "Court rules in favour of ENT Hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: Paving the way for restoration of encroached land to the Koti ENT hospital, the City Civil Court on Wednesday ruled against petitioners who sought ownership of land based on a gift deed.The facts of the case were reported by TOI in these columns on August 14, where it stated that land measuring 3,831 square yards on the south west side of the hospital, which is shown as belonging to the hospital in town survey records, was being claimed by some individuals who have encroached upon the property. The land is part of a bigger property measuring 8 acres which belonged to Raja Pratap Gir but was acquired by the government after a loan taken against it in 1931, was not repaid. Private parties who have laid claims over the land have done so based on a gift deed given to them by Pratap Gir. The hospital and the individuals have fought over the land for more than two decades, involving a slew of suits in the city civil courts.Dismissing two such suits of 2007, in its latest ruling the city civil court ruled that the petitioners have not been able to prove their ownership nor prove their right to possess the land. Those in the know, Experts say that the encroachers were able to gain possession of the land after an ex-parte order was passed in their favour in one of the suits based on which the government issued orders in 2009 approving regularization in the names of the individuals.The orders were stayed after the government move was challenged by the hospital authorities. However, the individuals continued to occupy the land by securing an interim order from the high court. The issue of ownership is pending in the higher court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16776241", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation schools in Vihitgaon face staff crunch", "text": "NASHIK: Two schools run by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) at Vihitgaon are facing a staff crunch.Shiv Sena coporator Sunita Kothule of prabhag 61 (B) said that lack of teaching staff in schools at Vihitgaon was the cause of the students' academic loss.School numbers 133 and 134 in Vihitgaon have classes from Std I to VII. Kothule said that parents were turning their back on NMC schools and were admitting their wards in private schools. She said that NMC school no. 133 had 159 students while NMC school no. 134 had 259 students - but both schools lacked staff.\"Since the last one year, these schools are facing problems with respect to headmistress and teachers. According to the strength of the students, apart from the headmistress, eight teachers are mandatory but at present, only six are employed,\" said Kothule.She said that on one hand, the NMC administration talks about increasing the number of students and the quality of education in NMC schools and on the other hand, schools are facing such problems.\"Being a corporator, it is my responsibility to increase the level of education. I have written to the education committee about the problems faced by these two schools. The education department should take a decision on this and provide the schools with adequate staff within eight days or else I will organize a Shiv Sena-style protest along with parents on behalf of my party. The NMC and the education committee would be responsible for whatever happens after that,\" said Kothule.When contacted, administrative officer of the education department said that the posts have been filled according to the approval. \"From September 2012, one post has been proposed in school no. 134. We will appoint the candidate after the proposal is approved,\" said Upasani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16777359", "title": "Wrong lifestyle leaves more with osteoarthritis", "text": "LUDHIANA: With excess weight and sedentary lifestyle taking a toll on joints, the city hospitals are receiving an increasing number of Ludhianvis seeking treatment for osteoarthritis or degeneration of joints.Dr Rahul Bhan, senior orthopedic consultant at SPS Apollo Hospital, said, \"Every day, we see about 30 to 35 cases of osteoarthritis, which is a more common form of arthritis. There has been an increase in the cases over the years. Overweight, sedentary lifestyle and keeping legs crossed while sitting trigger the ailment. The lifestyle of Ludhianvis is to blame for the rising number of patients.\"As the world observes arthritis day on Friday, experts spell out another shocker: the disease that affects people in their 50s and 60s is now striking youths too.\"Earlier, most of the patients were 50-year-old or above. But nowadays, if we get 100 cases of osteoarthritis, then 10% of these include youths who are in their 30s and 60% are women. Women are more prone to the ailment as they put on weight after child birth,\" said Dr Rajnish Garg, professor of orthopedics at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH). \"The symptoms of osteoarthritis include joint pain, tenderness, locking, stiffness and sometimes effusion,\" he added.So, how can the disease be checked? \"Lifestyle modification is the best way to check it. Reduce excess weight, wear soft sole shoes, avoid taking stairs and avoid sitting cross legged,\" said Dr Shiraz Bhatty, associate professor of orthopedics at Christian Medical College and Hospital ( CMCH). \"In advanced stages, we give cartilage forming drugs and in later stages, we carry out joint replacement surgeries,\" he added.The doctors said though they received cases of rheumatoid arthritis, their number was negligible as compared to osteoarthritis patients, who form 90% of the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16776179", "title": "Now, bill to rein in unfair practices by schools", "text": "Swati Shinde GolePUNE: Ban on sale of school brochures, declaring the amount of annual school fees at least 60 days before an academic session and not charging any fee after the academic year begins are some of the regulations that will come into force shortly in the state to curb unfair practices by educational institutions.State school education minister Rajendra Darda, who attended a meeting called by the Union ministry of human resource development (HRD) on Tuesday in New Delhi to discuss 'The Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Schools Bill, 2011', told TOI that once the bill is passed, it will be implemented in the state with immediate effect. Another meeting to finalise the draft will be held under the chairmanship of union HRD minister Kapil Sibal on November 1.D Purandeswari, minister of state for HRD, chaired the meeting which was attended by members of the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE). Besides Darda, who is also a member of the CABE, education ministers from Karnataka, New Delhi and Meghalaya as well as some education experts were present for the meeting.Darda said, \"The meeting was called to consult education ministers on the bill. It is necessary that the bill comes into force to curb unfair practices by educational institutions. I've noticed that schools sell their application brochures at unreasonable rates. They sell at least two to three thousand brochures and make money. This is unfair. Once the new regulations come into force, the practice will be banned and applications will have to be given free to parents or uploaded on the school website.\"He pointed out that the annual school fee must be declared by the schools in advance. \"Parents should know at least 60 days in advance what would be the fee for the forthcoming academic year. Also, all the details of the fee charged must be displayed on the school notice board,\" he said, adding that once the academic year begins, no fee must be charged by the school for any reason.Darda said the other points discussed at the meeting include the issue of appointing unqualified teachers by schools and action on institutions that do not follow the state education law.The minister further said, \"The proposal provides for prohibition of certain unfair practices in respect of schools, to protect the interest of students studying in a school as well as the applicants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774490", "title": "Puri hotels asked not to hike room tariff during Puja", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The tourism department has warned hotels in Puri not to inflate tariff in view of heavy of footfall of visitors during Durga Puja. The department has shot off letters to hotels asking owners to exhibit rate charts for the public.\"We have served letter to the Hotel Association of Puri to maintain normal room tariff for the convenience of tourists. Tourists should not be fleeced during the peak Puja season,\" Puri tourist officer Bijay Kumar Jena said.Though not less than 500 hotels exist in Puri, officially the beach town has 364 hotels and 12 big dharmasalas with combined accommodation capacity for nearly 30,000 people.Most hotels cash in on the peak tourist seasons and collect exorbitant prices from tourists. Sources said the hotels hike their tariff by nearly 30% during Puja and other festive occasions like Diwali, Christmas and New Year.President of the Hotel Association of Puri, Ramakrushna Dasmohapatra, said he would keep an eye on hotels to ensure that tourists are not harassed. \"I have so far not received any complaint from anyone about tariff being hiked. We do not promote such practice,\" Dasmohapatra said. \"There might be some small lodgings (not under our association), fleecing tourists. The tourists should bring the matter to the notice of tourist office,\" he added.The pilgrim town has started witnessing inflow of tourists with most of the seaside hotels registering 80% occupancy status. \"The trend would continue till February. Puri receives maximum tourists during Puja, Christmas and New Year (winter),\" Jena said. Nearly 50 lakh tourists visit Puri annually out of which nearly 40,000 visitors come from foreign countries.Police have made adequate security arrangements on the beach for the safety of tourists. \"We have engaged additional lifeguards on the beach to prevent drownings Patrolling has been intensified,\" Puri SP (in-charge) Dayanidhi Gochhayat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16777820", "title": "Police seize 13 buses belonging to granite baron Palanisamy", "text": "MADURAI: Police have seized 13 buses belonging to granite baron P Palanisamy, owner of PRP exports, in Madurai on Thursday.The confiscation of the buses, plying on various routes in the region, is seen as a prelude to freezing of the properties owned by granite owners accused in the multi crore illegal granite quarrying scam. The police had seized two buses belonging to Palanisamy on August 16 on charges of attempting to smuggle incriminating documents pertaining to granite transactions. Palanisamy has been arrested soon after the granite scam came to light in August this year.A team of police landed at the bus depot at Othakadai in the morning. As employees of the buses started trickling into the depot ready to start the buses, they were told that they could not move out the vehicles as the buses were seized by the police. The buses were operating to various places like Karaikudi, Theni and Dindigul districts. Police personnel have been deployed at the depot.Police said even now they suspect that the buses could be used for illegal activities that might be detrimental to the investigation in the scam. Besides, police said these buses were suspected to have been bought from the money earned through illegal sale of granite.Soon after seizing two buses of PRP Exports on August 16, the have written to the revenue officials to suspend licences of 27 more buses owned by Palanisamy. Even as the police seized the buses, the transport officials in Melur had seized more than a dozen earth moving equipment and trucks owned by PRP exports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandimandir", "code": "16777260", "title": "Caddie saves wounded python", "text": "CHANDIMANDIR: A three-foot rock python lay crippled, its spine damaged at multiple points when it was discovered by caddies lugging golf bags at the 7th hole of Shiwalik Golf Course (SGC) on Wednesday morning. Shocked by sight, the caddies readied to take on their feared adversary with golf irons. But a voice of compassion coming from an unusual quarter stopped them. Young and illiterate caddie Ankit, who has caught many a snake, shielded the serpent from the caddies' blows and brought it back to the car park, nestling it against his chest.Snakes of many species, including the venomous spectacled cobra, Russell's vipers and common krait, are encountered frequently by caddies when searching for lost balls at this golf course. But these snakes, irrespective of the danger they pose to golfers, are dispatched quickly by caddies or the Army's greenskeepers using grass scythes, irons and stones. However, pythons are covered under Schedule I of Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, along with tigers/leopards, and are classified as 'Near Threatened' by the International Union for Conservation of Nature due to illegal trade in python skin, meat and for the foreign pet business.\"I felt sorry for the python and realized it was already badly wounded. Either someone must have hit it hard or a vehicle must have passed over its back. The python could only move the front portion of its body and was not very aggressive when I handled it,\" Ankit told ToI. Neither did the python spray Ankit with its characteristic, foul anal secretions. Ankit later took a trudge down to the dense roughs of the 8th hole and released the python at a spot where few caddies or greenskeepers ever come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774781", "title": "Murder planned over 5 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: He had a career in sales powered by an MBA from a reputed institute. She was just starting out as a receptionist. Both were married, but Mukesh Lakhanpal and Satvinder got into a whirlwind relationship in 2007 when they worked at a magazine. Mukesh even claims he married Satvinder at a temple in Saket in 2010. But the relationship ended on a cruel note with Mukesh allegedly getting her killed a fortnight ago.A day after TOI reported Palwal police were on the verge of arresting Mukesh for orchestrating Satvinder's murder on the Delhi-Agra highway, on September 28, details of the conspiracy were revealed. Police said the plan was hatched over five months by Mukesh and his friend Yogesh, a mechanical engineer working with a leading Gurgaon firm and residing in east Delhi's Mayur Vihar phase-1. Yogesh is still absconding and so are the two Palwal residents who helped Yogesh commit the murder for money.SP (Palwal) Jagat Singh Hooda said Mukesh lived in Malviya Nagar when he met Satvinder. \"The two got into a relationship and visited tourist destinations like Haridwar, Dehradun, Amritsar and Mussoorie over weekends citing office work. By 2011, Mukesh was staying only four days of the week with his first wife and two sons, spending the other days with Satvinder and her two children. He cheated on his first wife, telling her that as the circulation head of a business magazine he had to travel extensively. She never came to know about his second relationship,'' said Hooda.Sources say it was in Dehradun, last September, that Satvinder asked Mukesh to promise they would have a child of their own and he would desert his first wife and children. The couple, though, failed to conceive and Mukesh lost money on IVF.In April, Mukesh turned to Yogesh for a way out. \"Mukesh told Yogesh that Satvinder was now demanding his entire salary and was also not allowing him to return to his Malviya Nagar home. He said it was becoming financially very stressful to maintain two families with a salary of Rs 62,000. Yogesh suggested that the only way out was to murder Satvinder,'' said DSP Jaiveer Singh. Mukesh paid Yogesh Rs 1.5 lakh in May with a promise to pay another Rs 1 lakh once the job was done.The two men drew up a plan, did a recce of the toll plaza area and then enlisted two Palwal locals from Katesra village. Mukesh took Satvinder to Agra a day before the murder. They toured the Taj Mahal in the morning, and around 5.30pm he called up Yogesh using a different SIM. The three hired killers waited on a bike beside the toll plaza. On the way back, Mukesh stopped the car on the pretext of relieving himself. While one man left, two others used a 20 feet long rope to throttle Satvinder. As Mukesh's Swift had got stuck in the fields, they decided to tie up Mukesh at the same spot and pass it off as a highway robbery.\"There were no rope marks on Mukesh. We have recovered a map of the toll plaza area from his car and taken down minute details of the calls he made. Our teams are raiding several places in Palwal, Faridabad, east Delhi and Gurgaon to nab the other accused. We have found CCTV footage that establishes the role of four men in the murder, besides documents from Mukesh's office, Malviya Nagar residence and Mayur Vihar Phase-III residence. We believe we have clinching evidence against him,'' said SP Hooda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774498", "title": "BJD and Congress activists clash at Pipili yatra", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after BJD activists were attacked during a rally at Puri, violence erupted during BJD's Jan Sampark Yatra at Pipili after the ruling party activists clashed with local Congress workers following an argument on Thursday. Commuters on Puri-Bhubaneswar NH were terrorized as activists from both sides hurled crude bombs, forcing the police to go for heavy deployment in the politically-sensitive region.While nobody was injured in the explosion, Dhirendra Samantaray, brother of former Congress MLA of Pipili Yudhistir Samantaray was seriously hurt in the clash with rivals. The livid Congress workers retaliated and blocked the Puri-Bhubaneswar NH for several hours, leaving hundreds of vehicles stranded along the route. Though police lifted the road blockade, a group of BJD workers later squatted on the NH demanding action against Congress activists for fomenting violence.\"We were moving in the rally when Congress activists interrupted and picked up an unnecessary quarrel. This provoked our supporters,\" said Debraj Behera, a local BJD leader. The BJD rally was being spearheaded by Pipili MLA and former agriculture minister Pradip Maharathy. He was not available for comment.His arch-rival and former MLA Yudhistir Samantaray said: \"We did not ignite trouble first. We were sitting silently when BJD activists suddenly abused us and attacked my brother.\" \"He is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Bhubaneswar,\" Samantaray said.\"The situation is tense and we have tightened security. The culprits would be brought to book only after normalcy returns to the area,\" Pipili inspector Ratnakar Mallick said. Police suspected that the clash could be the fallout of an attack on a BJD leader on May 22. Four bike-borne miscreants had opened fire at Pipili block chairman Yudhistir Swain while he was talking with his friend in front of the party office.Meanwhile, police arrested three men in connection with Wednesday's attack on BJD activists during Jan Sampark Yatra at Puri. While two were arrested for attacking the BJD activists, one has been nabbed for vandalizing the office of a Congress activist the same night. Congress activists alleged that the BJD workers went on the rampage at the travel office of a party activist.\"We are trying to find out who mobilized the youths to attack the BJD activists. But the attack on the travel office was an act of retaliation by BJD activists,\" Puri city DSP Sasibhusan Satpathy said. However, he did not confirm whether or not the three arrested men were supporters of any political party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774483", "title": "Forest staff shun tiger sanctuary", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tiger conservation in the Sunabeda sanctuary of Nuapada district took a back seat during the wildlife week with forest officials fearing to venture into the reserve area because of Maoist presence. Around three range officers, 10 foresters and 27 forest guards engaged in wildlife conservation, have stopped entering the sanctuary zone since May 23, 2009, when the ultras ransacked the range office at Cherechua.The forest officials don't have the exact statistics of big cat population. \"The last tiger census was carried out in 2004, when the big cat population was 32 and there were 36 leopards. For the last eight years, there was no census. In 2006, attempts were made to conduct census but it failed,\" said Nuapada divisional forest officer (wildlife) Kapil Prasad Das.In 2010, all employees of forest department, who were deployed at Sunabeda tiger reserve in Nuapada district boycotted tiger census demanding adequate security. Sources said the killing of Katingpani forester Sangram Keshari Swain on April 28 near the sanctuary has made the officials panicky. \"It is true our officers are fearful. But we are taking alternative measures and spreading awareness among people as well as the officials. Observation of wildlife week is one such step,\" the DFO said.Earlier, Maoists had threatened forest officials with dire consequences if concrete roads are constructed inside the Sunabeda sanctuary. Road work was being undertaken under Centre's Integrated Action Plan. A forester, who refused to be named, said they had been demanding their security ever since the Maoist menace began. \"We are under tremendous pressure. If we venture into the sanctuary, we will meet the same fate as the Katingpani forester.,\" he said.Their fears are not unfounded. A month after May 2009 incident Maoists destroyed the beat house at Soseng. In November the same year, the extremists killed anti-poaching watchman Kirish Rout and former ward member of Sunabeda village Chandan Singh Barge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775419", "title": "Nursing college documents seized by home department", "text": "MUMBAI: Home department officials on Thursday visited the office of the Maharashtra Nursing Council to seize papers related to new nursing colleges.This was after the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay HC ordered the additional chief secretary of the home department on October 3 to collect documents related to sanctions given to nursing colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16775710", "title": "Auto finance company's server hacked", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against unknown persons by Sushant Lok police for allegedly hacking a company's internal server. A case has been lodged under the relevant sections of the IT Act.According to police, Gaurav Sharma, manager of Rajshree Auto Finance Pvt Ltd, located in Sector 44, Gurgaon, had lodged a complaint with police that their company's internal server was hacked in August. The company's employees have separate IDs and passwords to activate the internal server. Inquiry into the matter was assigned to the cybercrime cell.The cybercrime cell found that the internal server of the company was hacked by unknown persons for about 10 hours. Whether the hackers had misused the server has not yet been ascertained but the investigation is on, police said.\"On the recommendation of the cybercrime cell, we have lodged an FIR against the unknown hackers under the IT Act,\" said Inspector Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774207", "title": "Samsung unveils Galaxy S III Mini", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung today unveiled the Galaxy S III Mini, the smaller and toned-down iteration of its current flagship smartphone, in Germany. The all-new device features the 'pebble' design language that the Galaxy S III and Note II have, but features a smaller 4-inch SuperAMOLED display.The Galaxy S III Mini runs Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) with Nature UI and is powered by a 1GHz dual-core processor, which will be much slower than the 1.4GHz quad-core processor used in the S III. The phone will be available in 8GB and 1GB variants, which will support microSD card up to 32GB.Rear camera in the S III Mini has been scaled down to 5MP, from the 8MP snapper that came with the S III. The battery has also been reduced from 2,100mAh in the S III to 1,500mAh in S III Mini. Connectivity options in the two devices remain the same, such as NFC, 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0 and S Beam. The S III Mini also comes with S Voice, the digital voice assistant that Samsung developed in order to rival with Apple's Siri.Though the S III Mini is being launched as an extension to the S III brand, its hardware is quite similar to that of the Galaxy S Advance. The only differences between the two devices are NFC, S Voice, S Beam, slight increment in RAM and Android 4.1 instead of Android 2.3.There was no word on the pricing and availability of the Samsung Galaxy S III Mini globally as well as in India. However, India is one of the biggest markets for Samsung and we expect that the phone will soon be officially launched in the country.Key specs:Display: 4-inch SuperAMOLED touchscreen Operating system: Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) Processor: 1GHz dual-core RAM: 1GB Storage: 8, 16GB, with microSD card support up to 32GB Connectivity: 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, NFC, S Beam Battery: 1,500mAh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16780120", "title": "Drinking and debt behind LiLo-mum 'fight'", "text": "That nasty fight Lindsay Lohan got into with her mother Dina on Wednesday, was over a 40,000 loan the actress made to her mum, sources have claimed.According to court documents obtained by TMZ.com , JPMorgan Chase Bank threatened to foreclose on Dina's Long Island house after she neglected to make several payments.Lindsay then lent her mother the sum to help her out and also \"to help pay for her kid brother's tuition.\"The tensions are on the rise given that both are enduring some \"serious money problems,\" and it is believed that Wednesday's pre-dawn spat erupted over the loan the 'Mean Girls' star took out to prevent her family home from being foreclosed.\"Lindsay is upset and sad about the whole thing, but the family home is really important to her. It's a home base and if it's gone she would be lost,\" Fox News quoted a source as saying.Dina spent a great deal of money trying to help her problem-plagued eldest daughter with various lawyer and rehab fees, which likely contributed to housing payment debt.Sources said that such altercations are nothing new.\"It's a weekly occurrence, Lindsay and Dina are always getting huge fights that can turn physical,\" a source said.\"There's a lot of screaming that goes on,\" the source added.And often, it is said that a point of contention is Dina's drinking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774832", "title": "Soon, coastal area information at fingertips", "text": "MUMBAI: The state environment department is planning make available online information regarding coastal regulatory zones (CRZ). It plans to introduce Coastal Information System (CIS) at district levels so that people can easily get the status of coastal areas.\"It will be online on our web-based software. One can download the map and know the land's CRZ category, the permissible activity, whether it is encroached and whether it can be developed,\" said state environment department secretary Valsa Nair Singh, adding that the maps, at present in art format on a small scale, will be digitized by an authorized agency. Nearly 70% maps of the city's coastline have been digitized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16776669", "title": "Cops net absconding Kyrgyzstan woman", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Thursday arrested a woman from Kyrgyzstan who had been absconding since June after the police had busted a sex racket in Candolim, which was being operated through the Internet by a Kyrgyz woman and her Indian husband.The Kyrgyz national, Cholpon Erzhanova, 28, had filed a plea for anticipatory bail in the additional sessions court in Mapusa through her advocate. When the case came up for hearing in the court on Thursday, Cholpon appeared in the court, which granted her anticipatory bail in the sex racket case.But when the police checked her passport while completing her anticipatory bail formalities, they discovered that her visa had expired in June 2011 and she was staying in the country without a valid visa. Erzhanova was immediately taken into custody and later placed under arrest. An offence has been registered under Section14 of the Foreigners Act (1946).On June 21, the Calangute police had busted a major call girl racket being operated via the internet by a Russian woman and her Indian husband from a place in Candolim. A Calangute police team led by Calangute police inspector Nolasco Raposo had been on routine patrolling at around 5am in Tito's lane in Baga when they noticed a crowd gathered around a group of people who were fighting, causing a traffic jam.On suspicion they had brought the two women and men who were fighting to the Calangute police station. On interrogation, they discovered that it was a case of prostitution.The girls informed that they were being trafficked by a woman from Kyrgyzstan who was staying at Ximer in Candolim. The police then conducted a raid there and arrested the Kyrgyz national, Valentina Shol, 29, along with her husband Alim Ullah, 31, a native of Jaipur.According to the police, the duo operated a website through which they got their customers. The police had seized foreign currency of $ 11,340, Euro 500, 20,740, two passports, one laptop, seven mobile phones and an air ticket.Erzhanova, who was an accomplice of the husband-wife duo, was reported to be absconding at the time.On August 31, the Calangute police had busted yet another sex racket and arrested four persons and rescued a woman from Bangladesh who had been earlier rescued in the sex racket being operated by the Kyrgyz woman.The Bangladeshi victim woman had been sent to Apna Ghar from where she was subsequently released.After her release she again found herself in the clutches of pimps who were supplying her for between Rs 8,000 to Rs 15,000 to high-profile customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16779376", "title": "Strike in Kashmir to protest LPG cap", "text": "SRINAGAR: Normal life was disrupted in Kashmir on Friday due to a strike called by an amalgam of trading bodies seeking an increase in the number of subsidised LPG cylinders in the Valley.Schools, shops and other business establishments were closed due to the strike called by Kashmir Economic Alliance and supported by various organisations including Kashmir High Court Bar Association and Kashmir Traders and Manufacturers Association.The alliance has asked people to take to streets to press the government to relax the cap on the number of subsidised cylinders per year in Kashmir.Public transport remained off the roads but small private cars were seen plying the roads. Attendance in government offices remained thin due to non-availability of public transport, official sources said.The LPG crisis had dominated the proceedings on the second day of the just-concluded autumn session of the state assembly where opposition parties demanded that the cap should be relaxed.The government responded by saying relaxing the LPG cap would put enormous strain on the financial resources of the cash-strapped state.However, the state government has requested the Centre to increase the number of subsidised cylinders for Jammu and Kashmir in view of the extreme harsh winters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776384", "title": "Goon forces Starbus to stop Godhani service", "text": "NAGPUR: Unscrupulous elements are openly challenging the city's law and order establishment and getting away with it, believe citizens living in the fringe areas. In the latest instance, a local goon has forced the Starbus service run by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to discontinue services to Godhani village, to benefit local autorickshaw drivers. As a result, thousands of commuters, including students, are facing a lot of inconvenience.Confirming the development, a senior officer of the bus operator told TOI that buses have stopped plying on Zingabai Takli road leading to Godhani after a driver and a conductor were beaten up by a goon on October 7 in full public view. This was not the first incident. \"In the past too, our drivers and conductors have been beaten up,\" the officer claimed.A local goon, with the support of local autorickshaw drivers, has terrorized Starbus drivers and conductors. \"The goon often threatens bus drivers and conductors and extorts money from them,\" he added.After some of them were beaten up, other Starbus drivers stopped plying buses to Godhani. Repeated requests to the city police for protection have not elicited any action. \"We took the problem to the city police, but they have not taken any action,\" the officer said.Now, Starbuses stop at the octroi post, some 3km from Godhani village. Hundreds of students, teachers and residents have to walk that distance twice a day to take the city bus.Before this, the response to the Starbus service was tremendous, with as many as 65 trips on this route through the day. The sudden suspension of bus service to Godhani some days ago has thrown life out of gear for hundreds of families.The facility is used by almost all students and residents of Godhani. Earlier, when MSRTC was operating city bus services, the village had no bus connectivity. But since NMC took over, the Starbus service had brought the village closer to the city.Today, commuters have the option of autorickshaws, but they prefer the city bus service given the low fare. So they walk all the way to Godhani octroi post, where city buses now halt.With no end in sight to their troubles, students, teachers, parents, college students and village elders have planned a protest at the village in the coming days.Students said some of their classmates had to walk as far as 4-7km to reach the new bus stop at octroi post. The students urged NMC and the city police to intervene in the dispute and resume Starbus services.The residents of these areas said that those in far flung and remote villages are always at the receiving end, and suffer due to lack of adequate transport connectivity. The students want the government to set things right as soon as possible.Admitting the problem, Koradi police inspector Manoj Sidam said no official complaint has been lodged by the city bus operator. \"In fact, on the basis of oral information, I had assured to provide protection to the bus operator at the bus stop,\" he claimed.Starbus officials said they had not filed a written complaint \"as our staffers will face dire consequences from the goon\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16775514", "title": "Four jailed for stealing Innova", "text": "GURGAON: Two college and two school students, who had looted an Innova car from the Sector 31 market earlier this week, were produced in a city court on Thursday and sent in judicial custody.The Sector 40 police said the four youths stole the car on Monday night in order to buy liquor.\"During the questioning we found that the all four accused were students, two of them in a Gurgaon-based college in BA II year and the other two in 10+2. The accused were identified as Pawan and Punit, residents of Kanhai village; Sahil Kataria, resident of Sector 29; and Monu, resident of Sector 40. They belong to good families but they were addicted to alcohol and gambling.They were in need of money to complete their bike stunt with some Delhi-based guys,\" Vikas Kaushik, SHO, Sector 40 police station, told TOI. According to police, the accused held the driver, Bakshi, hostage and stole his Innova car on Monday night in the Sector 31 mini market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777539", "title": "A Haj trip by road 77 years ago", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here is a group of Muslims who mixed pilgrimage with adventure way back in 1930s. About 22 Gujarati Muslims drove down from Ahmedabad to Mecca in two buses making it the first such Haj pilgrimage by Indians. The incident was never repeated in history.Thousands from the city \u2014 Hindus, Muslims, Parsis and Europeans \u2014 all bid farewell to these Hajis at Lal Darwaja ground on January 19, 1935. The group reached Mecca on March 8 and returned via the same route. The account of this road journey was documented by one of the Hajis, Dr Mohammed Hussain Hakim. The writer narrates how the Haj Tourist Motor Company organized the programme and the buses were specially designed for the trip. It's short but interesting narration of how their caravan passed through rough passages and faced tedious processes of clearance in various countries.Dr Hakim's account, 'Motor Marge Haj no Pravas' takes us to Ajmer, Delhi, Quetta, Zahedan, Nishapur, Tehran and Baghdad to the Arabian desert. The description is not of simple journey and how it was managed, but it takes us to legendary places \u2014 Shirin's place in Iran and the canal passing beneath the ruined palace dug out by Farhad.\"The water is pure and the canal flows beneath the palace, which is adjacent to a mountain. The canal seems to have flown from the mountain. The pictures of Shirin, Farhad and Jamshed are drawn on old walls of this palace,\" the writer describes the place. There is also a description of Koh-i-be-Situn, where, as per legend, the mysterious cave of Ali Baba is situated. The shrine of legendary poet Umar Khaiyam also fell in their route. Dr Hakim penned down this breathtaking journey not because of the thrill involved in it but to guide others how to use the newly constructed road that bifurcates the Arabian desert.This account has been reprinted by historian Rizwan Qadri and the booklet will be released on Friday. \"This is a very interesting memoir, and it must not be allowed to be forgotten. That is way we have decided to reprint it,\" says Qadri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16778715", "title": "Eight months later, police solve Panchkula \"hanging skeleton\" case, killers held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though district police Panchkula is taking the credit of cracking the mystery behind the recovery of a female skelaton, recovered around eight months back, the real tip-off and information, on which the mystery was solved, was the Karnal police.Panchkula police had recovered a skeleton, which was hanged on a tree branch, and the case was shut assuming it was a suicide in July, 2011. The status of the case remained as it is until the police received 'secret information' about the identity of deceased girl, whose skeleton was recovered, as Anuja of Karnal district, who had been misising for the last eight months.Reliable police sources told TOI, \"Anuja was missing under mysterious circumstances and when the clothes and belongings, which were recovered from the skeleton in Panchkula came to the notice of Karnal police, it was established that the body was of Anuja.\"The Panchkula police arrested Aman Kumar, brother of deceased girl, and Gurmail Singh, maternal uncle of deceased, for killing her on October 9. The girl had an affair with a boy of her community against the wishes of her family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775896", "title": "Two-front war remote, but threat from China real", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's worst-case scenario is a simultaneous two-front war. This nightmarish possibility is fuelled by the ever-deepening military nexus between China and Pakistan, ranging from continuing assistance in the nuclear and missile arenas to presence of Chinese soldiers in Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan areas.Much before defence minister A K Antony formally directed them to do so in 2009, Indian armed forces were already \"actively\" factoring this two-front contingency into their plans and doctrines. But while planning for the worst is good strategy, many military experts say the likelihood of a two-front war seem remote.China may have long used Pakistan to peg India down in South Asia but has never directly intervened on Islamabad's behalf during any Indo-Pak conflict. Moreover, even as it shadow boxes with the US in Asia-Pacific and elsewhere, China remains wary of doing anything that may force India to firmly join the American corner.The threat of a single-front conflict or skirmish is \"much more real\". Pakistan has always been the more in-your-face threat for India, stoking militancies, launching incursions and rattling its nuclear sabre. \"But Pakistan can be managed,\" says a senior military officer.\"China is the actual long-term threat. Its strategic intentions remain unclear. We have to constructively engage with Beijing but also keep our powder dry for all eventualities,\" he adds.Both in terms of nuclear as well as conventional military power, China by far outstrips India. China's primary aim is to dissuade any US intervention in the Taiwan Strait or the larger South China Sea, but ground realities cannot be ignored.China has systematically built military infrastructure all along the unresolved 4,056-km Line of Actual Control (LAC), with five airbases, an extensive rail network and over 58,000-km of roads in the Tibet Autonomous Region (TAR). Apart from deploying medium-range ballistic missiles and fighters on the Tibetan plateau, People's Liberation Army (PLA) has now also taken to holding a series of high-end air and ground combat exercises near the Indian borders.Beijing also continues to systematically widen its arc of influence in the Indian Ocean Region (IOR) by forging extensive maritime linkages with eastern Africa , Seychelles, the Maldives , Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Pakistan, among others. \"China may be doing all this to protect its sea lanes supplying energy but it also strategically encircles India,\" says a naval officer.The PLA's increasingly \"aggressive\" behaviour along the LAC, with over 550 \"transgressions\" into Indian territory being recorded just since January, 2010, also points to a deliberate hardening of its stand in laying claim to disputed areas.Indian armed forces, however, are no longer the pushovers they were. \"I assure the nation as Army chief that 1962 will not be repeated...Nahi Hoga!\" says General Bikram Singh.Adds another officer, \"In terms of equipment and training, we are far better off now. We learnt our lessons from 1962 and built them into our plans. China's armed forces may be more than double our size but they do not have the kind of force ratios that will overwhelm us.\"IAF and Navy, too, have emerged as forces to reckon with. Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne asserts India could have even turned the tables on China during 1962 if it had used \"offensive airpower\", much like it did against Pakistan during the 1999 Kargil conflict. \"It was airpower that concluded the (1999) war,\" he says.Sukhoi-30MKI fighters taking off from Tezpur and Chabua, or Leh and Thoise for that matter, can strike high-value targets deep inside China with mid-air refuelling. Similarly, China may have last month commissioned its first aircraft carrier, the 65,000-tonne Liaoning, but Indian Navy is leagues ahead in blue-water experience. If required, Indian warships can effectively \"interdict\" Chinese sea lanes for its energy imports, as can fighters based in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.India has been slow to react to China's strategic moves, both on land borders as well as IOR. But after deploying Sukhoi-30MKI fighters, missile squadrons and spy drones in the north-east as well as raising two new divisions (over 15,000 soldiers each) in Nagaland and Assam over the last couple of years, planning is now underway to raise a new mountain strike corps (over 35,000 combat troops) in the 2012-17 timeframe.India cannot hope to ever compete with China in terms of military assets or manpower, but a repeat of the abject knockout in 1962 is no longer possible. \"We can punch back now,\" says a Major-General.China's strength* Annual defence budget: $106 billion* Large nuclear-capable missile arsenal, with ICBMs (intercontinental ballistic missiles) and SLBMs (submarine-launched ballistic missiles). DF-31A ICBM can hit targets 11,200-km away, while the JL-2 SLBM has a reach beyond 7,200-km* Armed Forces: 2.2 million troops* Submarines: 55 (10 nuclear-powered, at least 3 with long-range ballistic missiles)* Major Warships: 75 (one aircraft carrier recently commissioned)* Fighter Jets: Over 1,600* Main-Battle Tanks: Over 7,000India's strength* Annual defence budget: $39 billion* Limited nuclear-capable missile arsenal, no ICBMs and SLBMs. Prithvi (350-km), Agni-I (700-km) and Agni-II (2,500-km) inducted. Agni-III (3,000-km) now under induction, while Agni-IV (3,500 km) and Agni-V (over 5,000-km) still being tested.* Armed Forces: 1.3 million troops* Submarines: 15 (14 conventional, one nuclear-powered)* Major Warships: Over 30 (one aircraft carrier)* Fighter Jets: Over 550* Main-Battle Tanks: Over 3,200", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16776704", "title": "Bharatiyar University students witness python squeeze, swallow 15kg dog", "text": "COIMBATORE: Staff and students of Bharatiyar University in Coimbatore were in for a surprise on Thursday afternoon when they came upon a 12-feet-long python that had crushed a country dog to death and swallowed it whole. The process lasted for about two and a half hours and was observed by hundreds of students, teachers, university staff and public. The incident happened behind the BSNL office inside the university campus.When the python had swallowed the 15kg dog, it became immobile and had a bloated stomach. Snake rescuer K Ratheesh from the NGO Save Our Snakes was notified. He rescued the python which was handed over to the forest department. It will eventually be released in either Maruthamalai or Siruvani on Friday, a forest official said.The python, which had strayed from the neighbouring Maruthamalai forests, had been targeting several country dogs on campus since morning, said Ashok and Vaithy, mass communication students who had initially spotted it. Around 1.30 pm, another mass-communication student N Sundararajan heard the screams of a dog and rushed to the spot to capture it on film.A similar incident took place recently, where a python had swallowed a dog in Periyanaickenpalayam. Ratheesh had rescued this python too. The python was forced to vomit out the dog as it was struggling to move.The public can contact Ratheesh at 9787332814 for the rescue of snakes and other reptiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16776783", "title": "School to show the way in energy self-reliance to Kerala", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The St Joseph's Anglo-Indian Girls' Higher Secondary School here is all set to teach the power-starved state a lesson or two in energy independence.The 150-year-old school has set up a wind-solar hybrid power project that is capable of providing the school 5-KWH power, which will be enough to meet one third of the school's energy requirement. The wind turbine and the solar panels have been fixed on the school's roof top. The wind turbines will yield 3.2-KW of power and the solar panels 1.8-KW.Sr M Rosarita, the school headmistress, said the institution had decided to opt for green energy in the wake of the precarious power situation in the state. \"KSEB authorities recently urged us to reduce power consumption, and we were finding it difficult to set up new IT gadgets in the school. So we decided on setting up our own energy source. We aim to become fully self-reliant by scaling up the project to 15-KW capacity in phases,\" she saidSr Rosarita said the school's proximity to the beach would ensure its turbines ample wind from the Arabian Sea.Former president A P J Abdul Kalam will inaugurate the wind-and-solar power project of the school as part of its 150th anniversary on Saturday.Praveen Kumar of Alliance International, which has set up the project, said it was the first hybrid power project to come up in a school campus in the state.The Rs 12.5 lakh that was required to set it up was raised by the school's parent-teacher association. The Union ministry of new and non-conventional energy and the agency for non-conventional energy and rural technology (ANERT) will reimburse around 50 per cent of the investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16775315", "title": "Depressed ex-colonel jumps off Noida mall", "text": "NOIDA: A 65-year-old retired colonel allegedly jumped to his death from the fourth floor of the Center Stage Mall on Thursday morning. The police have recovered a suicide note from the spot. The incident occurred around 11.41am when (Retd) Col M L Mahajan, a resident of Sector 29, plummeted to his death in front of several horrified shoppers and shop owners in the mall, police said. He was rushed to Max Hospital in Sector 19 where he was declared brought dead.Cops claim initial investigation points to depression as the main cause of Mahajan's suicide. Police added that Mahajan had been planning this step for the last couple of days as the suicide note is dated October 8, 2012. In the note, Mahajan said depression was the reason for his suicide. \"Because of my depression I am unable to do anything. Please forgive me,\" reads the note addressed to his family members.\"It seems that he was reeling under depression and had been contemplating committing suicide for a while,\" said SP (City), Yogesh Singh. \"CCTV images recorded by the mall authorities reveal that Mahajan entered around 11.30am and jumped from the fourth floor at 11.41am. Mahajan's ID card and the suicide note were found at the spot where he fell,\" Singh said.Mahajan's neighbours and residents of Sector 29 said that he is survived by his wife, who is a doctor, and two children, a son who works in Maharashtra and a daughter, a media professional.This is the second such incident reported in the past six months and the sixth since the mall opened in 2003. In April this year, a 55-year-old businessman had jumped to his death from the fifth floor of the Center Stage Mall.The police have decided to call a meeting of the managements of all malls in Noida to take stock of their security arrangements. \"Following the April incident, mall authorities had stepped up security. Safety nets had been installed in all malls, including the Centre Stage Mall, between all floors above the fourth. However, Mahajan jumped off from the fourth floor. A meeting is being scheduled to implement a better security system at all malls and highrises in the city,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16777681", "title": "Snags mar Chatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University back paper exam", "text": "KANPUR: Several snags marred the Chatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University (CSJMU) back paper exams held here on Wednesday and Thursday. The poor management at exam centers caused students to shed tears thinking they had lost even their second opportunity for promotion. Back paper exams of CSJMU were scheduled to be held at various centers across the city on October 10 and 11. Students were asked to submit their mark-sheets during the exam. At many colleges, mark-sheets were not collected during exam as invigilators at the exam centers were not aware of this part of the exercise. At various centres, answer-sheets and question papers fell short. It was after a long wait that college authorities could arrange extra sheets and question papers. Such mismanagement was reported from Dayanand Girls College in Civil Lines and VSSD College in Nawabganj.Students of DBS College in Govind Nagar alleged that no verification process was conducted by teachers during the exam. When students inquired, the invigilators told them to mind their own business of writing the exam and not bother about other aspects of the exam.At various centres, students got shabby answer-sheets. When asked to replace the answer-books, the teachers snubbed them harshly.\"If the university is not providing B sheets during exams, they should not have included the column of B copies in the exam sheets,\" said Ritu Singh, an examinee.Krati, another student of MA alleged that if the authorities could not manage better sheets and place for conducting the exams, why do they charge Rs 550 from students for each test.Syed Waqar Husain, Registrar, CSJMU could not be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774353", "title": "Ranchiites flock to Expo Utsav for festive shopping", "text": "RANCHI: Several people flocked to the long-awaited Expo Utsav 2012 on its first day on Thursday. A one-stop-shop for all kinds of electronic goods, automobiles and home decor, the fair has been the first choice for Ranchiites for any kind of festive shopping. \"I wanted to buy some electronic appliances for my home like television, washing machine and induction cooker for more than six months but I was waiting for the Expo fair as I get the best deals here,\" said Rajesh Singh, a visitor.Expo has always been the best option for shopping as buyers get the best deals and many options under the same roof. Public Relations Officer of the fair, Abhinav Mantri said, \"There are almost 220 stalls in the fair including everything from Television, fridge and washing machine to Cars and bikes. There are several stalls offering items for home need like sewing machines, induction cookers and home decorations. The fair will end on October 15\"People were seen booking for four wheelers for Dhanteras in the fair. Nikhil Kumar , employee of a private firm said, \"It is auspicious to buy something on Dhanteras so I thought of buying a car. As I am getting various offers like upto Rs.50,000 cash discount to many exchange offers here so I am booking a car now itself.\"A separate hangar was made for food court in which many chat stall owners came from nearby states like Bihar and Kolkata. PRO, Abinav said, \"Food stalls have been put up by various chefs from in and around the state. Also many big names like CCD and Dominos pizza have put up their stall this year.\" The fair was inaugurated by Deputy CM Hemant Soren. On the occasion he told the organisers, \"Improve the fair up to such an extent that instead of the Trade Fair of Pragati Maidan in Delhi people should give this fair as an example.\"Adding further Soren said, \"The fair has varieties from both national and international market which is not just beneficial for the buyers but also the sellers as they are able to display their products in front of lot of people thus increasing the probability of sale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16777731", "title": "BJP to stage stir against Varanasi Development Authority \u2018malpractices\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: Workers of the Bharatiya Janata Party will stage a demonstration at the district headquarters on Friday to protest against the alleged harassment of building owners of the city by Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) officials.Talking to reporters on Thursday, BJP MLAs Shyamdeo Roy Chaudhury and Ravindra Jaiswal alleged that the VDA had adopted a dictatorial attitude against buildings owners of the city.The agency had come into existence in 1972 but VDA officials are making the provision of map sanctioning necessary even in case of repair or renovation of those building which were constructed earlier, they said. They said this is simply an excuse for harassing the citizens and extorting money from them.Highlighting other cases, they said they would seek Allahabad High Court's intervention in the ongoing hearing of the public interest litigation (PIL), which had led to issuance of orders for demolition of several building along the ghats of river Ganga. They demanded that the VDA officials, who turned a blind eye to the illegal buildings at the time of construction, should also be made accountable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777500", "title": "New initiatives to lend edge to health care in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The community health worker is key to maternal health and reducing infant mortality rate. In order to help them function better in the state, they are now provided with an innovative job aid called 'Mobile Kunji'. This is first-of-its kind initiative in the country, which is being taken up in eight districts of Bihar, including Patna , under the partnership forged between the Bihar government, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) and BBC Media Action (India).\"The basic problem in the functioning of community health workers was lack of proper tools through which they could convince the rural families. So these tools, which would effectively disperse the message and increase the demand of health services provided by other partners of Ananya programme that we started as a part of Memorandum of Cooperation with Bihar government in May 2010,\" BMGF's senior programme officer Anand Sinha said'Mobile Kunji' is a pack of 40 well-illustrated cards on a ring that communicates important health messages to rural families with the help of graffiti and text. Each card has a unique toll-free short code that when dialled by the health worker from his/her mobile phone, takes the listener (or the audience) to free audio recording that further elaborates the health message that the particular card carries. Each card has its own unique code. The audio message is delivered by a fictional doctor character, Dr Anita. This unique 'Kunji' was introduced in May this year and more than 44,000 community health workers are already using it. They have accessed over 1 lakh minutes of audio content.Quoting a health worker of Begusarai, project director of BBC Media Action (India), Priyanka Dutt said, \"The community workers tell us that now they are taken seriously by rural people, while earlier on many an occasion, they won't listen to them.\" This 'Kunji' can be carried all the times and doesn't require reams of paper or very improved technology, but just a normal mobile handset that has a speaker. So this is a low-end technology for high-end gains.The health workers can get their number registered. After that, they can dial the toll-free code from any of the five largest mobile operators from any time. These operators have agreed to reduce their tariffs to make call cost 50 paise per minute. Incidentally, Asha workers won't have to pay for it.The other major challenge was to train about two lakh health workers with the least possible cost involved. For the purpose, a 'Mobile Academy' was designed, It is an audio training course of nine chapters for health workers, which trains them in communication skills apart from improving upon their knowledge of delivery and infant health care. The entire content can be accessed at a cost of Rs 192. The health workers will have to bear the cost of the course.Prior to giving access to the 'Mobile Academy', the BBC Media Action conducted a three-day workshop at the block level. \"While for Asha workers, the workshop has been conducted in all 136 blocks, for the anganwadis, 60% blocks have been covered,\" said Dutt.From 2013, the projects will be implemented in all 38 districts of the state, BMGF's Sinha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775168", "title": "'India\u2019s score alarming on hunger map\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: India ranks 65th out of 79 countries on the Global Hunger Index, a new report by the International Food Policy Research Institute, Welthungerhilfe and Concern Worldwide has said. The report has sharply criticized India for not moving fast enough to reduce malnourishment, and has said that its nutritional indicators are far worse than its economic indicators merit.India's ranking has not changed since 2011, when it was 67th of 81 countries.The GHI is composed using three equally weighted indices: the proportion of people undernourished, child mortality, and the proportion of underweight children. India's GHI score of 22.9 (where anything over 10 is \"very serious\") is back to its 1996 levels. Of the three components of the index, India performs the worst on children underweight: it is second to last of 129 countries on the proportion of its children who are underweight - 43.5 per cent. Only Timor-Leste is in worse shape.The authors of the report point out what health and nutrition experts have been saying for the last few years: India's poor monitoring of malnutrition is seriously hampering efforts to understand and tackle the problem. India has not published national data on nutrition since the last National Family Health Survey which came out in 2005-6, while no new data is available for another two years.\"Nonetheless, even bearing in mind that possible recent advances in the fight against child undernutrition are not yet visible in the latest GHI, India's track record is disappointing...[G]iven India's per capita income, it has higher GHI scores than would be expected. Between 1990 and 1996, India's ...GHI score was falling commensuratewith economic growth. After 1996, however, the disparity between economic development and progress in the fight against hunger widened, and India moved further away from the predicted line,\" the report says. \"This stagnation in GHI scores occurred during a period when India's gross national income per capita almost doubled,\" the authors observe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16776381", "title": "Chilling fact: Winter road accidents take bigger toll in Allahabad district", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sounds disturbing but it's true that more accidental deaths have occurred during winters than in summers or rest of the year. Statistics presented by National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) claim that the highest number of road accident deaths were registered in November, December and January than in May and June in UP in 2011.Allahabad district too registered maximum number of road accident deaths in January, February, April and June. This was the reason traffic cops get more active during winters and carry out special educational and awareness camps with an objective to check the graph of road accidents. Officials claim there are more cases of road accidents during the foggy season and investigations show that violation of traffic speed limits and rules resulted in rise in number of road accident deaths.Figures show that a total number of 233 road accident deaths were reported in the Allahabad in 2011. Out of those killed 31 per cent were pedestrians, 9 per cent bicycle riders, 30 per cent two-wheeler riders and 5 per cent three/four-wheeler drivers.UP registered 30,153 road accident deaths in 2011, of which the highest number 2,820 of victims were two-wheeler riders. Besides, 3,090 persons were killed when they were hit by truck or lorry and 1,313 persons were hit by jeeps, 1,340 were killed by buses, 1,403 by cars, 2,820 by two-wheelers, 830 by three-wheelers and 811 victims were bicycle riders.While traffic police authorities claim they have been carrying out a series of awareness camps to check the rising number of road accidents in fatal and non-fatal category, cooperation from road users and commuters is must to bring the graph down.Pointedly, NCRB has ranked Allahabad 45th in the list of road accident deaths in the country while Kanpur ranks second with 2,219 accidental deaths across the nation.State capital ranks 44th with 569 accidental deaths while Agra and Varanasi are placed at 17th and 24th places with 912 and 612 deaths, respectively.Traffic inspector Indrapal Singh pointed out, \"During winters, drivers fail to pay heed towards traffic rules and regulations and violate rules driving rash during foggy season and this is the prime reason behind rising graph of road accidents .\"He added that two or four wheelers as well as heavy vehicle drivers should follow traffic norms to check cases of road mishaps either on city streets or national or state highways\".Traffic police study too pointed out that in terms of fatal and non-fatal category accidents that took place in the past year, two-wheeler riders and pedestrians were the main victims.Ironically, UP's share in the total number of road accident deaths in the country is 7.7 per cent. Kerala, as per NCRB report, is a highly accident-prone state on the basis of percentage share in deaths due to road accidents. While the national average of road accidents stood at 37.37.7 per cent, Kerala crossed the line, registering 37.47.7 per cent.For Karnataka, the figure stood at 39.67.7 per cent, while Tamil Nadu recorded 46.67.7 per cent and Andhra Pradesh 50.87.7 per cent in south India.Accidental deaths have increased by 1.67.7 per cent at the national level in 2011 compared to 2010.Records state that 14 states crossed the five-figure mark in accidental deaths with Maharashtra topping the list with maximum 60,515 deaths. Meanwhile, deaths because of drowning were 15.2 per cent in the state, while sudden deaths (such as heart attacks, epileptic fits/giddiness, abortions/child birth, influence of alcohol, killed by animals and mines disasters) made up almost 18.6 per cent.As per records, Allahabad had 0.4 per cent share in total accidental deaths in the country while the rate of accident deaths is 19.1 per cent in the district. Similarly, in UP had rate of accidental deaths was 15.1 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776100", "title": "Thieves flee with Rs10.25 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: A businessman from Digras lost Rs10.25 lakh when he fell prey to tricksters' ploy of distracting victims by scattering Rs10 notes near them.Vijaykumar Bang had come to Nagpur in his car on Thursday. The incident took place at around 4pm, when his driver Ramkrishna Bobde had parked the car at Panchasheel Square while Bang had gone to buy a water bottle.Bobde was waiting for Bang to come when a middle-aged man told him that some currency notes had fallen from his pocket. While Bobde bent to pick up the notes, a thief sneaked with bag from the front seat. The robbery came to light when Bang returned and found the bag missing. He immediately filed a complaint at Dhantoli police station. Bobde stated to the police that some notes of Rs10 currency had been placed near the car door to distract him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "16775475", "title": "Jairam Ramesh signs pact, averts siege", "text": "AGRA: The national Capital was spared of another siege from protestors when the Centre committed to formulate a \"land reforms policy\" to placate the army of protestors marching from Gwalior for 10 days and headed for the Lutyen's Zone.Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh signed an agreement with Jan Satyagraha, headed by P V Rajagopal, committing to form a policy to push the states to provide homestead land to homeless in rural areas. A taskforce, headed by the RD minister, would thrash out implementation of the 10-point agreement, beginning October 17.The truce meant over 20,000 protestors agreed to turn back from Agra, giving a breather to UPA mired in its problems starting with anti-graft campaign. Ramesh pledged to deliver on the promise that has \"the backing of the Prime Minister\", adding, \"If we are unable to present draft of the policy, then Rajagopal has every right to restart his agitation\". But doubts remain over what the fresh effort would achieve after all.Land is a state subject and a touchy issue that brooks no dictation from the Centre, besides being a scarce commodity which makes promise of homestead patch to every landless appear a Utopian idea.A government insider asked, \"If it could be another cruel joke on the landless marching for days for the rare commodity that is dream of generations for them?\" The apprehension was endorsed by Urmila Devi from Jharkhand's Nimadi, who celebrated that \"she would have land in six months\". She had thousands for company in optimism.But Ramesh shot his pre-emptive weapon, telling Rajagopal, \"I must make it clear that we agree to come out with a draft policy and land reform is a state subject. So, if nothing happens on ground, don't protest. That will be a breach of trust on your part.\"The taskforce is set to take off immediately. The taskforce is scheduled to meet on October 17, contrary to the failure of the earlier panel that did not meet even once in the last four years. Chaired by the PM, it was formed as a compromise when thousands led by Rajagopal dug their heels in Delhi ahead of 2009 parliamentary elections.Ramesh said, \"We need to think of right to shelter. After rights to information, work, food, the next big idea is right to shelter. We have to find a way to get it done.\"Besides the national land policy, the agreement promises, \"a dialogue with state to take steps to provide, with legal backing, agricultural land to landless in backward districts, a guarantee of 10 cents of homestead land to every landless\".The Centre would issue advisories to states for implementation of existing laws to protect the land rights of SCs, STs and socio-economically weaker sections. It would hold dialogue with states to establish fast track courts for disposal of cases pertaining to land.Ramesh urged the protestors to push the states for their demands, making it clear that Centre could only play an advisory role. \"You must target states, be it Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan or Uttar Pradesh....don't spare any state. They are culprit of not coming out with land reforms,\" he said.Rajagopal added that central policy and advisories, even if not enforceable, would help by providing him with a formula to discuss with states. \"It would be easy to pursue and convince them. Now, we have an official MoU with the government, not with a minister or person,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779892", "title": "Maharashtra govt drops sedition charges against Aseem Trivedi", "text": "MUMBAI The Maharashtra government on Friday dropped sedition charge against cartoonist Aseem Trivedi.The decision to drop the charges against Trivedi was conveyed to Bombay high court on October 12, said a senior home department official.\"The advocate general (AG), in his advice to the state government, has written that sedition charges slapped on the cartoonist should be dropped. Accordingly, the police have been instructed to make the changes in Trivedi's case,\" the home department official said, adding, \"The controversial cartoonist will now be chargesheeted for dishonoring the national symbols, emblem and parliament.\"According to legal experts if Trivedi is booked under Section 2 (insult to national flag and Indian Constitution) of Prevention of Insult to National Honour Act 1971, then the cartoonist may be punished with imprisonment for a term extending to 3 years maximum or a fine or both. was first to report that the AG has advised the state government to drop sedition charges against the cartoonist.Early this month, home minister R R Patil along with Addl CP (West)Vishwas Nangre-Patil had a meeting with the India Against Corruption (IAC) spokesperson Preeti Sharma Menon on the Trivedi issue. It was then decided that the chargesheet in Trivedi case should be filed only after the receiving the AG's advice in the case. \"The AG's opinion has been received. Now the police department will expedite the process to file chargesheet,\" the official added. The court has directed the state to file a reply explaining why sedition charges were slapped on the cartoonist. The next hearing in the Trivedi case is scheduled on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16777341", "title": "Our plastic bags safe: Manufacturers", "text": "MANGALORE: While various NGOs and green activists have been crying hoarse about the harmful effects of plastic bags and calling for its complete ban, the Plastic Bags Manufacturers' Association (PBMA) in Baikampady claim that plastic bags manufactured in this region are not hazardous.Addressing reporters here on Thursday, PBMA member Godwin Fernandes said plastic bags manufactured in the region were approved by various regulatory authorities and was safe to use. \"People have a misconception that food parceled in plastic bags causes cancer and other diseases. This is a wrong assumption because plastic bags are manufactured using polyethylene, which is cleared by the Food and Drug Administration ,\" he said.An officer attached to a local civic body in Moodbidri has been propagating that plastic bags manufactured here are hazardous to health, he claimed and added: \"We will cooperate with the government for banning plastic bags that have a thickness of less than 40 microns.\"While saying that they would request the district authorities not to ban plastic bags as the bags manufactured in Dakshina Kannada were not dangerous, Godwin stressed on the need for plastic management and recycling instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774842", "title": "BMC to try out 6 cold-mix methods to fill potholes", "text": "MUMBAI: The verdict on efficacy of using cold-mix technology to fill potholes on city roads are yet to be out but the civic body has already decided to try out six new such methods.This year, the civic body has used three cold mix technologies to fill potholes, there have been mixed reactions to the effective.In a meeting on Wednesday, the BMC shortlisted six new cold-mix technologies that will be put on a trial run. A technical audit of the trials will be conducted before the civic body decides whether or not to actually use the methods for repairing roads during next monsoon.The six technologies chosen for the trial are Tiketar, Instapatch, Durapatch, Endura Fix, Jetpatch and Divya. \"We are testing other cold-mix options. Whichever comes across as the best suited for our roads and can pass our technical audit, will be approved,\" said G M Aggarwal, chief engineer of the civic roads department. He added quality audit of the existing potholes will also start next week when the raw material used to fill craters will be checked to find out if it was of standard quality.Earlier, the BMC filled potholes using hot-mix technologies which included the use of hot asphalt and hot-sprayed bitumen with stone chips. But the civic body subsequently changed to the cold-mix technology that is supposed to be a quicker, efficient method that is apparently resistant to wear-and-tear for a longer period. At present, the civic body uses three cold-mix technologies-Wonder Patch, Patch Master and Road Bond-to repair craters for which the raw material is provided by suppliers who have signed deals with contractorsassigned for the job. All the three technologies are cold mixes which are claimed to be effectively pothole filling solutions in the monsoons.Since June, 26,166 potholes have cropped up, of which 24,914 have been attended to. But data from the roads department shows that the fillings of at least 10% of the repaired holes have been washed in the rain.The civic body had also found adulteration of the material that was used to fill the potholes.This year, the BMC has switched from hot-mix to cold-mix technology to repair potholes more effectively than earlier. Under the technology, a bitumen-based material is used to fill potholes, which can be work upon even if they contain water in them. The material dries faster than earlier as a result of which traffic doesn't have to be held up for too long. This year, the civic body has been allotted Rs 50 crore for the pothole repair project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774173", "title": "India-born Monisha first woman to head F1 team", "text": "NEW DELHI: From Dehradun to the Sauber factory in Hinwil ( Switzerland ), it has been a long but rewarding journey for India-born Monisha Kaltenborn. She has risen steadily to the top in the world of Formula One, which is largely perceived to be a 'man's world'. On Wednesday, she climbed another rung on the ladder when she became F1's first woman team principal, replacing Peter Sauber.A team principal is the boss of all racing activity of the F1 team.Monisha, who is also a member of FIA's Women &amp; Motorsport Commission, is ready for the new challenge. \"Naturally I'm very aware of the major responsibility I have for Peter Sauber's racing team,\" she said from Yeongam on Wednesday. \"I have set my sights high and am committed to taking the team forward as Peter Sauber would want and leading it on to success,\" she added.Monisha was only eight when she shifted to Vienna, where her uncle worked with the Atomic Agency. \"I spent the first eight years of my life in Dehradun, attending the Welham's Girl School. My parents then decided to move abroad keeping an eye on countries that could provide quality education,\" Monisha told TOI earlier this year.The 41-year-old's influence in Sauber has been steadily growing ever since she joined the team in 1998-99 as the team's advisor on corporate and legal affairs. In just 10 years, she rose to the position of the CEO after Sauber became an independent team following the withdrawal of former partner BMW .Peter Sauber, who has been part of Formula One for over two decades now, has been grooming Monisha for some time now. Monisha is now a part-owner of the Sauber team too - a third of the team's stake came to her in March this year. With Sauber already touching 70, Monisha has effectively taken over the reins of the team.\"We decided a long time ago that Monisha would take over from me,\" Sauber said this morning. \"We left the timing open. Now is a good time for both of us, so this is the right moment to pass on the baton. After all, there have been a number of races I've been unable to attend - most recently the Japanese GP , where the team put in an excellent performance. I'm in no doubt that Monisha has all the necessary skills to be an outstanding team principal.\"Sauber have made remarkable progress with 116 points this season and are well ahead of challengers Sahara Force India in the Constructors Championship. Both their drivers, Sergio Perez and Kamui Kobayashi , have regularly challenged and achieved podium finishes which has a lot to do with the car Sauber C-30, whose development Monisha has closely monitored.Of course, all this has taken her away from her home in Kusnacht and Monisha relies on her mother to take care of her nine-year-old son and six-year-old daughter whenever required.\"Juggling both aspects is quite a challenge. There is never a free moment in F1. My mother comes down from Vienna to lend a helping hand and we have nanny at home. The children also have learned to adjust to the situation,\" the India-born Austrian citizen had said about her dual responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777195", "title": "One more gang-rape victim immolates herself, dies", "text": "BHOPAL: One more victim of gang-rape in the state, who immolated herself, succumbed to burns while undergoing treatment on Wednesday. The incident took place at Bhadoi village, some 15 km away Gwalior, where the 15-year-old Dalit girl was allegedly gang-raped by three youths on September 9. This is a second incident in the state in the past 48 hours when the rape victim had set herself ablaze.The matter came to light on Thursday following complaint lodged by her father. According to the complaint, soon after the incident he rushed his daughter to Gwalior medical college hospital, where she succumbed to burns after a couple of hours on Wednesday, the police said.\"We have arrested all three accused and registered case against them under sections of rape on the basis of her father's complaint,\" Gwalior SP G K Pathak told TOI. We are waiting for her autopsy report for investigations, he said adding all three accused belonged to the Dalit community and were known to the victim.The three were identified as Manish, Omkar and Tillu Jatav, the police added.Earlier a 32-year-old woman had immolated self after being raped by four youths in a jeep at Raisen on Tuesday. The police have yet to identify and arrest the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775407", "title": "Cong, Left question Britain\u2019s stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Thursday welcomed Britain's decision to re-establish diplomatic ties with Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi even as the Congress and Left parties questioned the move.BJP leader Ravishankar Prasad said it was just recognition of the fact that Gujarat had always progressed under Modi. \"We and the people of Gujarat always knew about it but certain elements never stopped carrying out their propaganda against him. This will serve as a lesson for them,\" he said.\"The fact is that while the country's ratings continue to plummet internationally under the UPA government, Gujarat continues to progress under the Modi-led BJP government,\" he added.The Congress expectedly was less enthused. \"So Modi has got the UK stamp of approval. Is Modi very happy that he has got a stamp,\" party spokesperson Renuka Chowdhary said.The Left parties also were not too happy with the development, with CPM politburo member Brinda Karat saying, \"The failure of our country and our judicial process to nail Modi and criminally prosecute him for the genocide in Gujarat has obviously encouraged such visits.\"CPI leader A B Bardhan added, \"The interest of the US in West Bengal and now UK's interest in Gujarat is not above suspicion, especially at a time when the state is going for assembly elections. Why this sudden interest in Gujarat before polls? Why are they not visiting Madhya Pradesh or Tamil Nadu?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775500", "title": "Assembly wastes time in fight for more time", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a fight for time, against time. Insisting on a longer session of the Rajasthan Assembly, the opposition on Friday disrupted the proceedings frequently, giving the ruling party a chance to rush through the proceedings.In the chaos created by BJP, the Congress government managed to pass nine bills - seven related to new universities and two amendments - without any debate. Ironically, the BJP's primary reason for demanding a longer session was to get more time for debate over the bills.The opposition was in complete attack mode - claiming a division of votes over the report of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) and later moving a no confidence motion against the deputy speaker Ramnarayan Meena for turning down its claim. The opposition created an uproar in the House, refusing to support the BAC's decision for a two-day session; forcing two adjournments. The BJP had boycotted the meeting of the BAC on Thursday as the ruling party members did not agree to a 10-day session.As Congress chief whip Raghu Sharma tabled the BAC's report, the opposition said another BAC meeting was scheduled for later in the day and that the session may be extended. \"What is the point is tabling the decisions right now when there is a chance that the schedule might alter?\" asked deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari.Opposition demands division of votesDeputy speaker Ramnarayan Meena, who was presiding over the proceedings then, said that in case there is any chance and the session went beyond the decided two-days, an amendment can be passed later. The opposition demanded a division of votes over it.\"It does not matter that we are in a minority but we claim a division of votes over the schedule. Our voters should know that we want the House proceedings to continue for a longer period,'' said senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria. However, Meena passed the report, going with the majority. This led to an uproar in the opposition benches, who rushed into the well and raised slogans against the government. They also alleged Meena was deliberately ignoring them and tabled the motion against him.Chairperson Surendra Singh Jadawat later informed the House that the motion is under consideration by the Speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat.The BJP demanded that the BAC report should not be considered passed. Upset that their demand had not been met, the BJP legislators boycotted the BAC meeting and an all-party meeting, which has been postponed for Friday.Addressing the media after the House was adjourned for the day, leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje said that the BJP would boycott Friday's session. \"We will demonstrate against the government's attitude at the Assembly gate and hand over a memorandum about it to governor Margaret Alva,'' said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774853", "title": "Top seeds reach semis at Fenesta Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Injuries, which forced out some leading players out of the event, thankfully, did not rule the Fenesta Open National Tennis Championship on Thursday as most of the top seeds, still in the draw, secured semifinal berths.Top seed Jeevan Nedunchezhiya breezed into last four beating Ashwin Vijayaraghawan 6-1, 6-2. Jeevan will now face third seed Siddharth Rawat who overcame Vaidik Munshaw 1-6, 6-2, 6-1.In the other quarterfinal, Ramkumar Ramanathan looked at complete ease as he strolled into the next round at the expense of Delhi boy Saurabh Singh 6-1, 6-2. In the semifinal, Arjun will play Ramkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "16777010", "title": "Nagaland CM Neiphiu Rio encourages youths to take up business", "text": "KOHIMA: In a grim reminder to the Naga youths, Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio said the job opportunity in the government sector has now reached a saturation point with over 60,000 educated unemployed youth listed on the live register of the state's employment exchange. He rather encouraged Naga youths to engage in self-employment and venture into various opportunities available.\"If you wait only for government job then you will wait forever,\" he said while addressing the 'Business Interface' (partnership between financial institutes and entrepreneurs) organised by Entrepreneur Associates.The CM said it is high time that people inculcate business sense and asked them to \"work, earn, save and invest \". In his opinion, many Naga people spend beyond their earning capacities, which is bad business sense. He also observed that Nagas are not consistent in sticking to one business, which often leads to failure.He urged people to be consistent and attain specialization in order to gain recognition from the consumers. He also suggested that the entrepreneurs embark into manufacturing of Naga souvenir items, which are in high demand because of tourists visiting Nagaland.Rio said Nagaland is a land of opportunity with plenty of avenues for young entrepreneurs. He appealed to the financial institutions to grant loans to the first generation entrepreneurs so that businesses flourish in the state.Rio said the government is committed to help Naga youths to venture into various businesses and also called upon them to take full advantage of the packages extended by the government, banks and financial institutions.He also stressed on the need to develop mutual trust between financial institutions and entrepreneurs.He appreciated Entrepreneur Associates for taking up the challenge of entrepreneurship with seriousness and said the government is equally serious about it. He said the vision and hope rest with young entrepreneurs for whom various programmes have been launched since 2004.Entrepreneurs Associates coordinator (CEO), Neichute Doulo pointed out that for long Nagaland has been driven by salaried economy. By declaring the Year of the Entrepreneurs on April 30, 2010 at Mokokchung, the CM has contributed towards the making of a landmark year, Doulo said.Finance commissioner of Nagaland, Toshi Aier sharing government's commitment towards entrepreneurship in Nagaland said the government will act as a facilitator between the banks and the entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775746", "title": "Tricky CAT tests quantitative skill of candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Common Aptitude Test 2012 began on a friendly note on Thursday with nearly 30 candidates appearing in the computer-based exam at two centres from Lucknow. Fortunately, no technical snag was reported at any of the centres.The question paper had two sections. The first section was quantitative ability and data interpretation, while the second was verbal ability and logical reasoning. Candidates found questions on the quantitative ability tough and tricky . Like last year, there were around 21 questions came from quantitative ability, while nine questions were from data interpretation section.\"There has been a gradual shift from arithmetic to algebra and geometry. Earlier, commercial maths like questions on simple interest, compound interest, speed and distance covered 60% of maths section. This time, one-third of mathematics was based on geometry. It was more of formulae based. Questions from topics like probability and permutations and combinations were absent,\" said Nishant Priyadarshini, director of a coaching institute who took the test. The data interpretation section was relatively easier. There were three sets comprising of three questions each. The questions were high on calculations rather than puzzles. The section was of easy to moderate level using basic techniques.In section two, candidates found reading comprehension lengthy, but easier. Many questions were direct and so candidates could do them even before reading the entire passage. There were three passages with total of 10 questions. Questions from logical ability section also contained three sets. In the verbal ability section, there was a slight change in the questions - from simple jumbled up paragraphs to finding out odd one out from among many sentences. Besides, there were questions on paragraph completion, sentence correction.\"The questions were of moderate level. While some could be solved quickly, others took some time,\" said a candidate. In fact, CAT aspirants reported that they could finish section II before the fixed time limit.Summing up the overall paper, Nishant said it was of moderate level and students having attempted 20 of 30 questions correct in section I and nearly 25 of 30 in section II have fair chance of making it to the IIMs. \"I feel a score of 100 plus, total being 180 would get a call from IIMs,\" he said. There was no surprise for the candidates.Experts advised students to make use of review feature for smart selection of questions. For instance, candidates who wish to answer quantitative ability questions first can mark all data interpretation questions falling in between and later go back to them using review button.CAT 2012 is being conducted in 61 centres in 36 cities between October 11 and November 6. A total of 2.14 lakh candidates have registered for the exam. CAT 2012 convenor, Prof SSS Kumar of IIM Kozhikode said that in Uttar Pradesh, where exam is being conducted in three cities, a total of 25,000 candidates are expected to take the exam. In New Delhi, around 21,000 candidates have registered for the exam followed by Bangalore, Mumbai and Pune where the number of candidates stands at 19,500, 16,800 and 13,300 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774351", "title": "Urea prices increased by Rs 50 per tonne", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday allowed an increase of Rs 50 per tonne in urea prices, although it maintained that the hike was not meant to lower subsidies but to move to a more efficient system.The increase will translate into the cost of a bag of urea going up by Rs 2.50, the chemicals and fertilizers department said in a statement, and will be used to provide incentives to retailers to acknowledge that they had received fertilizer from the company.The government has, however, opted not to increase urea prices immediately given the protests it may generate from political parties.The hike approved by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs on Thursday came along with a decision to pay subsidy to fertilizer companies only after an acknowledgement was received from the retailers. This acknowledgement will be tracked through an electronic system to check leakages from the system.The new system is part of a shift towards rolling out a direct cash transfer mechanism for paying the subsidy directly to a farmer's bank account, which is seen to be more efficient. The current system where the payment is made to the fertilizer companies is seen to be prone to misuse and the new tracking mechanism is expected to help ensure that only \"genuine sales\" get subsidies.Simultaneously, the CCEA also cleared pilot projects in 10 districts for direct cash transfer. Farmers in these districts will be tracked through their Kisan credit card, Aadhar number and their bank accounts and the payment would be made to them directly by the government. The farmers would be free to use the money for buying the fertilizer they need for their crops.The system is also seen to be healthier as the subsidy volume often determines the choice of fertilizer.In a statement, the government said, the pilot will be started towards the end of the year.The government is looking at a direct transfer mechanism for food, fuel and fertilizer subsidies which are also expected to lower the burden and free more resources for spending on health and education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777076", "title": "Satpura thermal power station commissioned", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh power generating company limited (MPPGCL) has lightened up a 250 mega watt (mw) unit at Satpura thermal power station (STPS), Sarni in adjoining Betul district.\"We commissioned this unit by oil at 11.40pm on Wednesday. Commercial power production from this unit would start in three months,\" MPPGCL managing director Vijendra Nanavati told TOI.This is the first thermal unit which was planned and commissioned in the nine years rule of BJP in MP. A 500 mw and 210 mw units at Sanjay Gandhi thermal power station (SGTPS) and Amarkantak thermal power station went on steam in 2008, but these two electricity generation circuits were planned and its foundation was laid during Congress rule in MP. BJP came to power in the state in 2003 promising round-the-clock power to people.MPPGCL had placed order for building the unit with Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited ( BHEL ) on March 10, 2008, officials said.STPS power generation capacity was 1,142.5mw now. After the new unit starts commercial power generation it would go up to 1,392.5mw. Another 250mw unit is going to come up at STPS next year.Currently, MPPGCL's thermal and hydel power generation capacity is around 2932.5 mw and 950 mw, Nanavati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774603", "title": "Troubleshooter Geeta defuses tension in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: The services of in-charge minister for Hyderabad Geeta Reddy was requisitioned by the government to defuse the tension prevailing in the Old City for the second consecutive day in the aftermath of the burglary at the Mahankali temple. This was after the police realized that only political intervention could help and police presence, including that of Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma would not deter the incensed crowds.Though the police are yet to make any breakthrough in the case, it is understood that they will be able to crack the case before Navaratri, when major pujas would begin at the Simhavahini temple.Burglars had stolen gold, silver jewellery and a diamond bindi, presented by Nizam VI, Mahabub Ali Khan, from the temple in the early hours of Wednesday.Around 10 am, over 100 members tried to take out a protest rally defying commissioner Anurag Sharma's appeal. A mild scuffle broke out and the protesters sat on a dharna demanding a meeting with the home minister. In the afternoon, Geeta Reddy along with the police commissioner drove down to the temple and appealed to the locals to not get agitated.Faithful urged to stay calm\"The persons behind this barbaric act will be dealt with sternly by police. I request you not to take up any protest which can lead to unnecessary issues. The puja to the goddess should resume and officials of the endowments department are on the job,\" Geeta Reddy told the agitators. The appeal from the leader did go some way towards cooling the frayed tempers of the protesters. Meanwhile, the investigation in the case was transferred to the Central Crime Station (CCS) and four teams have been formed to crack the case.\"The way the deity was disturbed by the miscreants indicates that it was done with the intention to create tension between communities and not just for stealing valuables,\" Mahankali temple committee member C Raju Yadav told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777480", "title": "Bihar Human Rights Commission summons Manjhaul SDPO for 'illegal' arrest", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Human Rights Commission (BHRC) has taken serious note of the action of Begusarai police wherein the police went in search for a dead person and instead arrested his younger brother and put him in lock up. The police were repeatedly told that the person they were searching was no more, but this fell on deaf ears. The incident occurred at Bara village under Khodabandpur police station in Begusarai district.A police party accompanied by Khodabandpur PS station house officer (SHO) and the local chowkidar, at 1am on September 2, raided the house of Indrashekhar Jha with a warrant to arrest his elder brother, Chandrashekhar Jha. The arrest warrant was issued against Chandrashekhar for not appearing before a court to give evidence in some case.Indrashekhar and his neighbours repeatedly told the police that Chandrashekhar was dead. But the police arrested Indrashekhar, took him to the police station and put him in lock up. He was released next morning, and the excuse given was that it happened on account of mistake by the chowkidar. Indrashekhar, after his release, filed a complaint with the commission.BHRC member Neelmani told TOI, \"The commission, after going through the details, found it to be a gross violation of human rights.\" He said the petitioner had stated in his complaint that all the policemen who came to his house that night were in a drunken state. In its order, the commission said, 'If the allegations are true, it is a sad reflection on the working of the police.\" The commission, on October 10, directed Begusarai SP to get the allegations inquired and directed SDPO Manjhaul to personally appear before the commission on November 6 along with inquiry report and action taken by the SP, Neelmani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16777179", "title": "Student unions seek justice", "text": "MANGALORE: Various student organizations have condemned the death of Nirmala (name changed), a II PU student of SDM College in Ujire.Nirmala was allegedly raped and murdered on Tuesday. Demanding the immediate arrest of the miscreants involved in Nirmala's murder, Akhila Bharathiya Vidyarthi Parishat (ABVP) plans to hold a protest in the city on Friday. ABVP activists will form a human chain near Basaveshwara circle and later submit a memorandum to the police commissioner.The Campus Front of India (CFI) has condemned the death of Nirmala. CFI Dakshina Kannada district president Mohammed Imran said the murder has created fear among people about the safety of women in Dakshina Kannada district. \"There is a need to strengthen the law to prevent crimes against women,\" he opined.Students Federation of India has demanded serious action against the perpetrators of the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16777007", "title": "Protesters lock Border Road Task Force office near Silchar", "text": "SILCHAR: Locals here on Thursday locked the office of the Border Road Task Force (BRTF) at Nagatila near Silchar on Thursday in protest against the dilapidated condition of NH-306 connecting Silchar with Aizawl.Agitators under the banner of Sonai Road Unnayan Sanstha (SRUS) started the agitation at 6 am by locking the main gate of the office of the 36 battalion BRTF responsible for manning the highway. The agitation continued till 6 pm.Hundreds of protesters put up a blockade on the road leading to the BRTF camp at Nagatila from NH-306 and stage a dharna throughout the day. Police and CRPF were deployed to contain any untoward incident.S S Majumdar, BRTF in-charge for the Barak Valley, came and talked to the agitators in the afternoon. He informed them that Rs 2 crore has been sanctioned by the Union ministry of surface transport and work would begin after Durga Puja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775157", "title": "May have to reconsider Bangalore Development Authority existence, says HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Thursday warned the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) that if immediate remedial measures are not taken, then the very existence of the authority requires to be reconsidered.The observation was part of a series of questions posed by the high court to the BDA in the light of instances of non-implementation of schemes even after decades.\"One thing is certain, even after 34 years of initiation of acquisition proceedings, if the BDA is unable to implement the scheme by forming layout and allot sites, it reflects on its working, the men at work and their professional competence in implementing the developmental schemes. In turn, it affects the growth of Bangalore, the capital of Karnataka and the IT capital of India. Immediate remedial steps are required to be taken. Otherwise, the existence of such an authority requires reconsideration,\" a division bench comprising Justices N Kumar and Arvind Kumar have observed in their order.\"Years have passed. Still, no layout formed and no site allotted. If the court orders are coming in the way of implementation of the schemes by the BDA and the government, it is a matter of serious concern and this court should do something in the matter. If the scheme is not implemented, the reasons have to be found out. In the meantime, if the lands are denotified, the grounds on which such denotification is issued and why the same benefit is not extended to others, also requires to be investigated,\" the bench has further said while dealing with a writ appeal concerning acquisition of lands for HRBR Layout III Stage.Give details to courtThe bench has asked the state government and BDA to inform the court as to whether any denotification has been issued in respect of lands taken possession of under the notification issued under Section 16(2) of the BDA Act. The registry of the court has been asked to place a status report in this matter.The bench has directed the government and BDA with regards to any plans they have undertaken to tackle the problem of litigation by forming a special cell for speedy disposal of cases, which are pending in courts. The bench further wants to know the status of litigation and the lands which are covered under litigation.The court also wants to know the average time taken from the date of notification under 17(1) of the Act till the allotment of sites, in respect of the layouts formed by BDA in the past three decades.In another direction, the BDA/government have been asked to give details of lands notified under 17(1)(preliminary notification), 19(1) (final notification) of BDA Act and lands deleted by way of denotification in a layout formed by the authority.The state government has been specifically directed to make available records pertaining to denotification, containing request for denotification and the ground on which denotification was granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16778933", "title": "Daniel Craig finds it hard to strip for Bond", "text": "Daniel Craig has admitted that though he finds doing nude scenes in James Bond movies \"fun\", its getting \"harder and harder\" for him to shed his clothes as he gets older.The 44-year-old actor however hopes that the scenes continue to add some \"sexiness\" to the 007 film franchise.\"I don't actually read those bits. I don't care how many times I have to do it. It's going to be harder and harder the older I get. It's just fun,\" Contactmusic quoted Craig as telling ShortList magazine.There's enough sexiness in the movie with the girls - and hopefully me as well - but it's a little bit of a gag now,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16776986", "title": "Quiet celebration on Gogoi birthday", "text": "GUWAHATI: A quiet celebration took place at the official residence of chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who turned 78 on Thursday. His wife, Dolly, marked the start of the celebration by helping him with a slice of cake.\"It was a normal day like any day for the chief minister today. He went about doing his work like any other day. He started his day attending the 2nd apex authority meeting,\" the chief minister's office said. Gogoi was born at Rangajan tea estate in Jorhat district in 1934. A host of visitors and dignitaries visited the Gogoi at his official residence in the city to extend their greetings and good wishes on his birthday. The CM received bouquets of flowers, birthday cards, gifts, memorabilia, sweets and even birthday cakes on the occasion. Among the visitors were his cabinet colleagues, partymen, officials and well-wishers.Later in the day Gogoi tweeted, \"I am overwhelmed by the shower of greetings and best wishes on my birthday today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775179", "title": "Undertrial dies mysteriously, probe ordered", "text": "BANGALORE: An undertrial died mysteriously in Parappana Agra8hara Central Jail on Wednesday afternoon due to suspected ill-health. The prisons department has ordered an inquiry as he was not lodged in any cell after he was brought to jail on Sunday.Jail records available with TOI revealed that Nandisha, 22, was arrested by Hoskote police after he attempted suicide by jumping into a lake near the town. A case was filed against Nandisha by his in-laws who held him responsible for the death of his wife, Lakshmi, within nine months of marriage. Avalahalli police were hunting for Nandisha when he attempted suicide. He is from Gangavara, Devanahalli.\"Undertrial No. 9727 was found in an unconscious state in the admission room on Wednesday. He was taken to the jail hospital by the duty warden. As the case was serious, he was taken to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital from where he was shifted to Victoria Hospital where doctors declared him dead on arrival,\" jail records stated.\"He was brought to jail on October 7 after he had an accidental fall in Hoskote lake. He was treated at Hoskote Government Hospital before he was sent to prison,\" the records explained.There were no treatment records available with jail authorities, they said. Nandisha was kept in the admission room and not taken to any cell. Jail sources contended that the reason for not lodging him in any cell was to avoid other undertrials and convicts unnecessarily harassing him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16778913", "title": "Ben Affleck keeps guns to protect his family", "text": "Ben Affleck has revealed that he keeps multiple weapons at his 17.5-million-dollar Pacific Palisades mansion to protect his family after actress wife Jennifer Garner was continuously harassed by a crazy stalker in 2009.The 40-year-old 'Argo' star has three young children- Violet, Seraphina, and baby Samuel- with the 'Butter' actress.\"The stalker had been to our house many times and ultimately came to my children's school and was arrested,\" Contactmusic quoted Affleck as telling the Hollywood Reporter.\"There's a lot of crazy, weird people out there. It's an ugly world. (It) gave me a stronger sense of feeling protective about my family,\" he added.However, the 'Pearl Harbour' star is not the only one who keeps guns, as actor Brad Pitt had also previously confessed that he doesn't feel safe without a gun nearby to keep his wife Angelina Jolie and their six young children safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16777763", "title": "Officials on dengue-control overdrive", "text": "MADURAI: After cases of dengue were reported in the district, officials are leaving no stone unturned to tackle its spread. On Thursday, anti-larval and mosquito-control measures were initiated in the city limits.City corporation officials have deployed a 30-member team for every zone consisting of health inspectors, medical officers, area sanitary nurses, urban sanitation nurses and sanitation workers, to monitor the situation. Another 200 temporary workers were appointed for mosquito-control measures. They have been divided into two teams who will visit every household in all zones and spray anti-larval medicines in the storage water. Another 60 temporary workers will carry out fogging operations and spraying of insecticides in the areas. The city corporation has also proposed to grow guppy fish in overhead tanks and other water bodies. The fish are known to feed on mosquito larvae and can control the reproduction of aedes mosquito. On the awareness front, pamphlets are being issued to the public. People have been asked to take necessary medical precautions in case of fever complaints.City health officer Priya Raj said medical teams were deployed in vulnerable areas for medical surveillance and intensive fogging and anti-larval measures. \"There are incidents of dengue in the city limits as four cases were reported in September and another six in October. They are sporadic cases and necessary measures are being taken to keep the situation under control,\" she said.On the district administration's part, a review meeting was held in the collectorate about the preventive measures to be taken. After a mysterious fever was reported in Ulaganathapuram near Melur, district collector Anshul Mishra inspected the village on Wednesday. He advised the public about the ill-effects of stagnant water near houses and instructed the panchayat president to take measures to address the problem and to clean the overhead tank once a month. He said 24 were diagnosed with fever and they were sent for immediate medical care. Another two children from the village were sent to Melur Government Hospital for treatment, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16776781", "title": "Unitech settles with Telenor for Rs 25 crore", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777245", "title": "3 attack youth outside disco", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The ugly face of Chandigarh's nightlife came to the fore again outside Tao, a discotheque, in Sector 26 on Wednesday night. Three tipsy youths attacked Natish Kumar, 23, a student of Shri Guru Gobind Singh College, Sector 26, outside the disco over a fight over some girls in the disco around 1.15am on Wednesday night. A sharp-edged weapon was also used in the attack. The main assailant, Amrinder Singh, a student of DAV College in Sector 10, has been arrested and his medical examination confirmed the presence of alcohol in his body.Another assailant has been identified as Harpreet Singh alias Manni, while the identity of the third assailant is yet to be established. The reason behind the attack was harassment of two girls in the disco, who were dancing with Natish. Eyewitnesses said two girls had entered the discotheque along with Amrinder but later they started dancing with Natish, which made Amrinder angry and he pulled one of the girls towards himself, which was objected to by Natish. There were heated arguments between Amrinder and Natish and then Amrinder asked him to come outside the disco. Meanwhile, the bouncers intervened too and asked them both to leave the place. Amrinder then called two of his associates.In his statement to the police, the injured Natish maintained that Amrinder had pulled one of the girls dancing with him towards himself and when he objected to this, he asked him to step outside the disco. When he came out, Amrinder along with two of his associates attacked him, Natish said. A sword too was used in the attack, he added.Natish was taken to Government Multi-Speciality Hospital in Sector 16 in a police vehicle and was discharged from the hospital in the wee hours of Thursday.Anokh Singh, SHO of Sector 26 police station, said two registration numbers of cars of the other two assailants were provided to them passersby and raids are being conducted to nab the two absconding assailants.Amrinder, however, claimed that he was not involved in the attack and that Natish was attacked by his two associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774493", "title": "Shah panel to visit state again in November", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A team from the Justice M B Shah Commission, probing illegal mining scam in different states, concluded its second round of inquiry in Odisha on Thursday and said it would undertake a third trip to the state in November.\"It could be in the first week of November,\" team leader U V Singh told media persons, reacting to whether the Commission would be sending a team for another round of probe into the illegalities committed in the mining sector in Odisha. Opposition parties and activists have alleged that the mining scam in the state during the past few years could be around Rs three lakh crore.Singh, a senior forest officer from Karnataka, however, refused to divulge details about the progress the inquiry has made so far.Official sources said the team, during its nine-day stay here, examined 81 of the 186 mines for which the state government has submitted files to it. \"All files could not be completed because of the complications involved in such an inquiry,\" a source remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16777041", "title": "Fare stand-off brings to a halt prepaid autos at Central station", "text": "CHENNAI: With no detente in sight in the stand-off over prepaid fares between the transport department and autorickshaw drivers at Chennai Central railway station, several drivers have refused to ply at the rates that the officials are insisting they charge.Several auto drivers allege that transport department officials are subverting a system that had been working perfectly well. Drivers at the prepaid stand charged 25 as the minimum fare for 2km and 9 for every additional kilometre.Central Railway Station Auto Drivers Association president G Arumugam said the officials had never visited the stand before. \"After the newspaper campaign to rationalise fares and reintroduce auto meters, the officials arrived here last month and directed us to charge 6 per km till a new tariff is fixed,\" he said. \"It is impossible to expect us to follow rates fixed in 2007. We will face losses.\"After the officials intervened, receipts at the prepaid counter have dropped to 10% of the usual number. \"From an average of 1,500 receipts a day, it has come down to 150,\" Arumugam said.Officials of the department are now carrying out a survey to calculate a tariff that will be acceptable to both the drivers and passengers. \"We have been directed to collect data on the number of registered auto drivers at the stand, the places they ferry passengers to and the distance they travel each day,\" said an official of the transport department.Prepaid auto fares are usually 30% higher than the meter rate as drivers take into account the extra distance the driver has to travel to the commuter's house from the general location mentioned on the receipt. However, fares are still lower than the rates charged across the city. Joint transport commissioner (rules) R Radhakrishnan, who is in charge of enforcing autorickshaw fares, refused to comment on the issue.Auto drivers point out that there are gross discrepancies in the distances mentioned on the receipt. \"The distances have been fixed a long time ago, before metro rail work forced us to take detours and made journeys longer. Even the current fares are too low,\" said Arumugam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775148", "title": "RTI warriors from across the country here to exchange notes at meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around three years ago Sanno Devi's husband died, leaving her as the sole bread winner. Sanno Devi is deaf and mute and has a twelve-year-old son to look after. To make matters worse, the local authorities discontinued her ration supply last year, making it impossible for her to make ends meet.\"I was getting subsidized ration on my card. In November last year, the authorities stopped issuing ration without giving any reason. We filed an RTI with the food department, along with 13 such similar cases, and were informed that our card number was wrong,\" said Ashok Kumar of Satark Nagrik Sangathan who had filed Sanno Devi's application and interprets for her.\"We had asked for further information but there was no response. A second appeal was made in March this year but to no use. Sanno Devi continues to buy her ration in black,\" added Kumar.While Sanno Devi awaits the resumption of her ration, another person awaits justice for his mother. Even before the information commissioners could address the problem of Ghanshyam's mother, the woman died. Ghanshyam had applied an RTI to know why his mother's pension had been discontinued by the municipal agencies.These were some of the many cases that were discussed at a public hearing \u2014 organized by the National Campaign for People's Right to Information (NCPRI) \u2014 on Thursday. The meet, held a day before the annual convention of state and central information commissioners, was attended by around 400 RTI users from 16 states. The basic idea was to discuss the various vices plaguing the system and recommend a resolution for better functioning.The primary problem highlighted was the number of applications and cases pending with the information commissioners. \"The RTI was one of the celebrated laws to have been passed. But now the implementation has caused various road blocks. The number of cases with the information commissioners continues to rise. Even though the commissioners, in an internal order, had decided to clear 3,200 cases per commissioner annually, the implementation hasn't been up to the mark,\" said Anjali Bhardwaj, co-convener of NCPRI.According to an RTI application that Bhardwaj had filed, the replies had clearly shown that the commission has not kept proper records. \"Through an RTI we tried to find out how many cases had commissioners disposed off in a year. And the commission gave us three sets of figures \u2014 for some they did not have the break up of appeals and cases disposed, while for some the figures changed on re-application,\" Bhardwaj added.Emphasizing the problems of appointment of commissioners, attack on activists, non imposition of penalties etc, the activists decided on a resolution for better functioning of the information commission. Some of the recommendations are \u2014 having a time-bound mechanism for disposing off cases, publish the status of cases on websites and to be objective in the appointment of commissioners.Former CIC Wajahat Habibullah, however, said that a time-bound mechanism can help root out problems. \"The only way one can ensure the effective implementation of law is by properly implementing Section 4 of the law. This will reduce the burden on commissioners as fewer RTI applications will come in,\" he said.Section 4 of RTI Act talks about proactive dissemination of information that is accessible to public. The present CIC, Deepak Sandhu, invited the activists for a ten-day meet in December to discuss the compliance of Section 4 of the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777099", "title": "Man, son booked for cheating business", "text": "BHOPAL: The Koh-e-Fiza police have booked a man and his son for cheating a local businessman out of around Rs 24 lakh here on Wednesday evening.The accused, Shantilal, and his son run an oil business in Khajuri area. Besides, Shantilal also worked as manager of a Nagpur-based company here.According to the police, the complainant, Jitendra, 57, who has a shop in Azad Market in the city, was also involved in a business transaction with Nagpur-based firm in question and Shantilal owed him a sum of around Rs 24 lakh for the deal.The accused and his son allegedly collected the money from the firm, but did not pay it to Jitendra. When the two went missing from here, the victim filed a complaint with the police.The officials said the incident took place last year and a case under sections of forgery and breach of trust have been registered against the two accused after corroborating the charges.Efforts are on to nab the accused, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777458", "title": "Special status plea not linked with polls: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Thursday launched a vitriolic attack on his detractors on the special status to Bihar issue, saying the development of the state is not the responsibility of an individual but every one irrespective of caste and creed.He said the demand for special status has become a mass movement and all sections of society irrespective of their religion, caste, profession and political affiliation have joined it.Speaking on the issue of the special status at a function organized by a media house at Samwad, the CM declared, \"The torch has been lighted and it will not go off, we will definitely achieve our right. If some people try to pull my legs, the people will not forgive them.\"He said the issue has nothing to do with the coming elections. \"I am fighting for the future of our young people. I am going ahead with 'seva' (service) and it is not necessary that I will get 'mewa' (fruit).\"In his speech, the CM also clarified on not involving the BJP in his endeavour, saying he was pursuing the mandate given by the state legislature in 2006 through unanimous resolution demanding special status to the state and all parties were party to that resolution. \"Fighting election in alliance is a different thing but the mass mobilization is another thing. Involving many parties in one task create numerous problems and everybody's responsibility becomes nobody's responsibility. The JD-U has taken up cudgels but it does not mean that it will affect any other party,\" he said.Reacting to RJD chief Lalu Prasad's charge that Nitish as railway minister had scuttled the demand of special status raised by then CM Rabri Devi before then PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee , the CM said, \"Before unanimous resolution adopted by Bihar legislature in 2006, only special package had been demanded and I had convened meeting of all the MPs and a memorandum had been submitted to Vajpayee demanding package. Some people are attempting to create misconception but it will not affect my mission.\"At the outset noted economist Shaibal Gupta said, \"Bihar, which suffered economic deprivation, is fighting for its right for over 200 years. Now demand of the rights has become a powerful political and economic agenda.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775370", "title": "Ex-Maharashtra Public Service Commission chief to face trial in exam scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chairperson of the Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC), Shashikant Karnik, who is an accused in the 2002 multi-crore examination scam, will now have to face trial. The Bombay high court recently rejected his discharge application. Karnik was arrested in June 2002 and was in custody till November before being released on bail.The HC rejected his plea to quash a 2010 order of the sessions court which too had rejected his discharge plea in the MPSC exam scam. Government prosecutor F R Shaikh argued that Karnik's petition had no basis as there was evidence. Karnik's counsel P M Pradhan argued that there was no case made out and no evidence, and based on various allegations it could not be said that Karnik committed any crime.Karnik had spent a part of custody since his arrest on July 14, 2002 in the ICU of JJ Hospital. He was discharged in October and taken to Arthur Road jail.The ACB's case is that Karnik was the brain behind the scam, in which 398 candidates benefited after their answersheets were fraudulently replaced. Investigating officer, assistant police commissioner (ACB) S.B. Pujari, had filed an exhaustive chargesheet against Karnik and several others arrested in the scam.In September 2001, before the scam was unearthed, Karnik was appointed as a member of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16775683", "title": "Ex-deputy speaker cremated", "text": "JODHPUR: Former deputy speaker of assembly and BJP stalwart Ram Narayan Bishnoi was cremated with the state honours on Thursday here. Bishnoi had breathed his last at AIIMS, New Delhi on Wednesday evening. He is survived by his wife, three sons and five daughters.In a message to Bishnoi's wife Janki Devi, chief minister Ashok Gehlot said he would be remembered for his contribution to the state politics, legal and social fields. District collector Gaurav Goyal offered floral tributes to him on behalf of Gehlot.Many from political and legal fraternity attended the funeral procession of Bishnoi, which stared from his home in the afternoon, where his body was kept.Bishnoi was born in Hanumangarh in June 1932 and came to Jodhpur for legal practice after completing his LLB. He held various positions from member to the chairman of the Bar Council of Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16775871", "title": "BJP enrolls 3 lakh new members", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party has claimed to have evoked encouraging response to its member,ship drive launched last month. It has notched up 3,07,524 new members, more than three times it had enrolled in last such exercise in the city.The BJP drive undertaken all over the state is seen as a preparation for the 2014 state and general elections. The extra aggressive drive assumes more importance in view of party's national president weighing his chances to contest from the city in the next Lok Sabha elections. The BJP membership drive has started a ripple effect and the Congress may start its fresh drive soon. A decision in this regard is likely to be taken at a meeting of the state Congress committee in Mumbai soon.Talking about the BJP drive, city unit president Krishna Khopde said the party workers visited nearly one lakh households to enrol new members and covered each and every community. \"This provided a good opportunity for us to renew acquaintances and get in touch with people,\" said Khopde. City vice-president Rajesh Bagdi led the drive and it involved some 8,000 party workers who fanned through 72 civic divisions and 2,300 booth units to enrol new members.The party has taken extra care to rope in members from minority communities and Dalits and areas like Mominpura, Tajbagh, Hasanbagh, Bangalipanja and Gittikhadan were concentrated upon. It is said that Muslims and Dalit votes traditionally go in favour of the Congress and the BJP is targeting to divert most of these to ensure better results. If Gadkari is to contest from the city, which is otherwise a Congress stronghold, all energy will be focused on these two classes of the voters, a party insider said.That could be the reason the party held its first city executive meeting at a lawn in Jafar Nagar last week where Gadkari was specially present to motivate party men. Earlier this week, he also visited the Haj House in Ganjipeth to meet the local committee members before the start of the Haj season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16777686", "title": "Musical start to Antaragni as Irish, Indian bands perform", "text": "KANPUR: Two musical bands\u2014one Irish, the other Indian\u2014set the tone for Antaragni 2012, the annual cultural festival at Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur. As members of Mutefish from Ireland and the Raghu Dixit Project band belted out their songs, audience comprising thousands of students institutions across the country clapped, sang along and swayed to the beat on a pleasant Thursday evening.Earlier, after lighting the inaugural lamp at the festival, deputy inspector general of police Amitabh Yash, an alumni of IIT-K, regaled the participants with pleasant memories of his days on the campus and students applauded particularly when he mentioned his experience of Antaragni in the years gone by.Institute director SG Dhande, festival coordinator Tushar Mishra and its chairman Prof Satyaki Roy welcomed students who have been arriving since Wednesday to attend and participant in the four-day festival that will see a plethora of competitions and events. The opening night concerts swept the participants off their feet as they packed the auditorium grounds, spilling over to the roads outside. Performance by Mutefish and Raghu Dixit Project bands gave the event the perfect start, breaking the ice and letting the confluence of hundreds of students from all over India and abroad inter-mingle and jive to the same rhythm of harmony.Even in the late night hours, rehearsals and preliminary rounds of the competitions were on in full swing as students hung around the Student Activity Centre and venues of the events. It is said that nobody sleeps during the four-day Antaragni and the maxim holds true this time too. The playful events include Gaming Zone, One-Minute Show, Midnight Antakshari, Casino and Discotheque to name a few. Preliminary round of the fashion show-Ritambhara was held in the main auditorium and several teams of students participated with zeal. Prelims of the solo dance were also held during the midnight hours in the auditorium.Meanwhile, during the day, outstation students continued to reach IIT-Kanpur and got themselves registered. Those who had already reached on Wednesday did not miss any opportunity to enjoy. The girls in groups enjoyed the most, some of them paddling rickshaws, roaming around the campus on bicycles and clicking pictures. Even those not rehearsing for the contests were singing and dancing, prior to the competitions scheduled for Friday. The food court set up in the Student Activity Centre remained the hot spot for refreshment as well as discussions and forging new bonds. Outstation candidates ensured to cross-check the schedule of events in which they are participating. In playing guitar and beating drums, girls from Delhi University gave a tough contest to their male counterparts and are likely to outperform them during the competitions.Across the campus, all one can hear is strumming of guitars, drumbeats, orchestrating ripples of laughter, students talking to or calling out each other. The stage is set for a hectic run of competitions on day two in order entailing cash prizes and goodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775226", "title": "Tiff over carbon tax on aviation may end soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The face-off between the European Union (EU) and India over carbon tax on aviation could see a resolution, with a compromise formula likely to evolve at the UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO)'s meeting to be held in end-October.Under the proposed formula, an international market-based mechanism would be developed for taxing international flights but it would apply to flights between developing countries at a later date, covering only the developed nations to begin with.Revenues from developing countries' airlines would be reverted back to the respective nations to deploy in reducing greenhouse gas emissions from the aviation sector. The tax collected from rich countries' carriers would be shared with developing nations.Sources said, discussions have been held in the Indian government on the proposal, but a decision would be possible only after the contours of the proposal are more clearly etched out internationally. The Indian source, who participated in the talks, said a key consideration remained whether EU would suspend or defer the unilateral imposition of aviation tax that starts next year till a deal can be agreed at ICAO.EU has blinked once before in the trade row over the aviation carbon tax when Indian government banned its carriers from submitting data under the scheme. EU had threatened to impose penalty and block Indian airlines if data was not submitted, and New Delhi had made retaliatory statements promising a tit-for-tat, sources in the government said. But even as the deadline passed and India stuck to its guns, the EU did not live up to its threats. The actual collection of tax from international flights landing in the EU starts from next year.India has had two primary concerns in the debate about any climate change levy on international aviation. It has negotiated to preserve the principle of 'common but differentiated responsibilities' and also ensure that no country takes unilateral trade measures, such as levies based on an environmental ruse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16776070", "title": "Anti-terrorism squad picks up Asad's brother", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad anti-terrorism squad, led by Navinchandra Reddy, on Thursday evening searched the sprawling eight-room, single storey residence of Indian Mujahideen operative Asad Khan Jamshed Khan in Naigaon, about 15 km from Aurangabad, and seized documents.The search was carried out following Asad's arrest by the Delhi police in connection with the serial blasts in Pune on August 1. Asad's younger brother, Hussain Khan, has been picked up for questioning.The ATS questioned Asad's family members, including his ailing father, who has been on ventilator support for the past three-and-a-half years. Reddy told TOI that the ATS was in the process of gathering details in the case. The house is located on a huge piece of land and is surrounded by high walls.Asad's another younger brother, Abdullah (17), said, \"Nobody in the family knew why the police had searched their house and why they questioned some of us We cooperated with them,\" The family does not have a television so the family was not aware about the development. \"We came to know about his arrest only after the policemen and the media arrived,\" he added.According to Asad's family, he had gone to Delhi two months ago to join a 'jamat'. From there, he was supposed to move to other places. Jamat is a spiritual reformation when people keep away from family and dedicate themselves to prayers.The ATS' search of Asad's house shocked Naigaon's residents. Nearly 200 villagers gathered around the house. \"The family has been staying in the village for two years now. Though they are good to local people, we hardly know about them. We only know that Jamshed's is a reputed family from Latur. They first came to the region five to six years ago and settled in Jamala. After selling their property there, they shifted to Naigaon, where they had bought large tracts of land to develop plots,\" a villager said.Villagers said it is difficult to believe that Asad was an IM operative and could be involved in terror acts. \"For us, Asad and his family were involved in purchase and development of land,\" the villager said.Another villager, Mukarram, said, \"The family hardly mingled with others and would discuss land deals or farming only when asked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16775566", "title": "Ambience residents going to court to have their way", "text": "GURGAON: If the U-turn from Delhi-Gurgaon expressway from Gurgaon side towards Ambience residential societies is blocked, the entire area will be virtually cut off from the rest of the city. The Punjab and Haryana high court's recent order which imposed a ban on this lifeline path for Ambience residents yet again highlighted the city's poor planning.,On Thursday Ambience Lagoon residents said they would approach the high court if no solution is provided. M N Chopra, president of Ambience Lagoon RWA, said that through their counsel they would seek to be heard and made a party in the ongoing court case %before the court gives its %verdict.,The recent ban had not only affected the entry to the residential complex and the mall, but had also kept essential services out of their reach while the ban was on, until the barricade was removed by HUDA on Wednesday afternoon.,As the order had banned entry to the service lane for vehicles coming from Gurgaon after taking a U-turn at the toll plaza, residents as well as home delivery service providers were forced to go all the way to Rajokri and then take a U-urn to reach their place, besides paying toll tax twice in the process.,Chemists, LPG cylinder delivery men, general store shopkeepers, etc had all refused to come to Ambience residential complex. Even school buses had refused to come there and parents were asked to drop their children on the other side of the expressway.,V S Oberoi, former president of Ambience Lagoon RWA, said, \"The toll plaza came into being five years after we shifted here. All the stakeholders forgot our interests while building it and failed to provide any connectivity from within city limits.\",We do not want to take the U-turn from the e-way to reach here as crossing the toll plaza is itself dangerous. But do we have any choice?\" Oberoi asked.,N Roy, another resident, said, \"There was no sense in blocking the only road to Ambience societies. It did not seem a bright idea in the first place. The authorities should find a permanent solution to the problem.\" ,Besides the residential complex, there is Ambience Mall which attracts thousands of visitors from NCR on a daily basis. Many could not reach the mall and returned home after getting exhausted driving in a closed loop on the expressway.,Taking into account the residents' inconvenience and mounting pressure on vehicular traffic, HUDA restored the previous order and allowed the commuters to take U-turn towards Ambience Mall. This matter will be discussed in the next court hearing on October 17.,Meanwhile, the civic agency has also started finding alternative routes to reach this residential complex. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar informed that the department had zeroed in on three routes, each 12 metres wide, from DLF Phase III. Besides, they are also trying to connect a road in front of Ambience Mall to an existing DLF Phase III road which could be accessed from under the Udyog Vihar flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16774393", "title": "JVM workers stop train demanding more bogies", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The agitating activists of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM) on Thursday stopped the newly introduced Chakradharpur-Kharagpur Memu (mainline electric multiple unit) train at Rajkharswan railway station for over three hours demanding more train bogies.Passengers of this train faced a lot of trouble owing to less number of seats. JVM detained the train for over three hours only to be released after assurance from the senior railway officials. Senior commercial officer of the division, A N Biswas, said, \"A team of officials who rushed to the site assured the agitating crowd of looking into the matter after which the train services resumed on the route.\" This train was introduced on the route two days ago in place of a train which had adequate seating capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779956", "title": "Gave Gurmeet lectures on how to behave: Debina", "text": "She's a proud wife. After all, her husband's the most popular actor on television with perhaps the largest fan following. He is also the winner of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5. But like all big stars, Gurmeet Choudhary is a simple, shy and homely person.And it has been wife Debina Bonnerjee's efforts to make the actor more accessible. \"Guru (as she fondly calls him) is an extremely shy person. He wouldn't even talk to his female friends and female co-stars. I would have to give him lecture sessions to talk to them and how to behave.\"And now Gurmeet's turned a new leaf! \"He's absolutely effortless now when it comes to mixing with people and talking. It comes to him naturally\".All credit goes to Debina and the two compliment each other well!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775737", "title": "Mock drill for President's visit paralyses traffic", "text": "LUCKNOW: As it is the city traffic is mismanaged and commuters have fallen into the habit of waiting at major intersections and frequent VIP movements only add to the chaos.The traffic snarl on Thursday afternoon around Rajbhavan and Golf Club crossing was result of a mock drill conducted as part of arrangements on the eve of President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to the state capital on Friday to take part in the King George's Medical University convocation.The timing of the drill could not have been worse as it coincided with the hours of schools in the vicinity getting over for the day, so school buses and vehicles ferrying children were stuck for at least an hour. Meanwhile, the serpentine queue of vehicles heading towards Hazratganj or Cantonment extended up to Jiamau on Lohia Path from the Golf Club intersection.\"Cops were posted across the stretch but public was not informed about the drill or traffic diversion. Within a short time it became a free-for-all as motorists started taking U-turns and driving in opposite directions heightening chances of collision,\" recounts Gunjan Pandey, a resident of Jiamau.Even ambulance services got affected due to the chaos and unable to find any escape route negotiated traffic at a snail's pace.\"My wife is suffering from problem of spinal disc and we were trying to rush her to PGI. The jam at Lohia Path delayed us by over 90 minutes as we were rendered helpless due to the jam,\" said Mahendra Singh Rana.The choc-a-block situation was result of rehearsal for movement of the Presidential cavalcade along with other state VIPs. \"Cars that will transport the chief minister, governor and the entire fleet of vehicles was moving from Raj Bhavan area towards Parivartan Chowk as part of the drill. The jam was result of holding the vehicular movement,\" told Arvind Sen, SP Traffic.Consequently, traffic movement on routes leading to Hazratganj from Gomtinagar such as Butler Palace Road, Jopling Road, Rana Pratap Marg, Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya Marg, Mirabai Marg and Narhi too got jammed as motorists started diverting towards these areas instead of taking Lohia Path.\"I got delayed by 30 minutes after picking up my son from his school at Jopling Road,\" complained Sunil Gupta from Vishwas Khand, Gomtinagar.Traffic movement across several routes will remain blocked today in wake of Presidential movement. Traffic will be diverted from alternative routes. October has been testing patience of motorists with one event after another. On Tuesday, several diversions were implemented for the rally organised by BSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776363", "title": "Burglar flees from custody on way to hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: A burglar escaped from police custody near Hingna road, early on Thursday, when he was being taken to Government Medical College and Hospital for treatment.Salam Aziz Seth, 27, who had been handcuffed, managed to free himself from the custody of constable Durgesh Singh Thakur and head constable Ashish Kolhe.Seth had been arrested on October 8 for his alleged role in a burglary at Mahajanwadi in September last month. Police sources said that Seth had decamped with valuables worth Rs33,900. Police had recovered most of the valuables from Seth after he revealed their whereabouts during interrogation. Seth's police custody was supposed to end on Thursday.When Seth told that he was feeling sick, constables Kolhe and Thakur took him on a bike to the hospital. Kolhe drove the bike while Thakur sat as pillion with Seth in the middle. After they had travelled a little, one of the bike's tyres got punctured. The three then got down and began walking. Kolhe pushed the bike while Thakur followed him holding Seth. Suddenly Seth made a dash for the nearby bushes and fled from the spot.The cops have registered an offence against Seth for fleeing from the custody at MIDC police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776860", "title": "Chennai builders may have to pay vector control fee", "text": "CHENNAI: Builders in the city may soon have to pay a vector control charge while getting the building plan approval. This will go to the civic body's kitty to be used for control of mosquitoes and rodents at construction sites.Sources in the corporation said they have found that most construction sites in the city, where water stagnates, have become breeding grounds for mosquitoes. The civic officials will hold discussions with the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority ( CMDA) to collect the fee while approving plans of multi-storey buildings. A senior corporation official said builders have not adopted vector control measures. \"We will use the money to spray larvicides and fog the construction sites. The amount will vary with the size of the building,\" an official said.After recent cases of dengue, the corporation has also decided to conduct inspections at construction sites across the 15 zones. \"We have to ensure that there is no breeding of mosquitoes or rats. We will issue notices to builders violating the norms or do not maintain hygienic conditions,\" the official said.T Chitty Babu, secretary of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India ( Credai), said the association will sensitise all member builders on the need to maintain hygiene. \"If a building under construction becomes a breeding ground for mosquitoes, the builder has to be blamed,\" he said.The corporation will conduct awareness campaigns among residents and real estate developers to prevent water logging. They will be asked to either destroy dry tubes, tyres and pots at construction sites. The civic body recently found that a large number of workers stay in unhygenic conditions near these construction sites. These store water for their daily use and mosquitoes breed in these water containers. Trenches dug up for metro rail work and laying of storm water drains also collect water, adding to mosquito density in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779994", "title": "Here comes the death anthem!", "text": "In the season of anthems for love and cricket, here comes the death anthem. The Rendavathu Padam crew has come up with an idea of a 'death anthem'. The director of the film, C S Amudhan explains, \"We have come up with this idea for a prominent death sequence in the film. The song is yet to be recorded. We are planning to look for a peculiar voice to sing the song. The song involves a lot of chorus singers. Death is mysterious but it explains the actual meaning of life. It reminds us that nothing is permanent in this world. So, in the current trend of anthems, this can be called a death anthem.\"Madhan Karky has penned the lyrics for this unusual song. He says, \"It is just a 30-second song. Writing lyrics for it was actually challenging as the song is about death. On a lighter note, we were discussing that the song might be called a death anthem when released. And director Amudhan liked the idea.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi/london", "code": "16774737", "title": "Khurshid fumes at 'guttersnipes' Kejriwal &amp; company", "text": "NEW DELHI/LONDON: Angered by their demand for his ouster because of alleged corruption involving his family-run Zakir Husain Memorial Trust, Union law minister Salman Khurshid has accused Arvind Kejriwal and other anti-corruption activists of behaving like \"guttersnipes''.\"I think what they have done is worse than behaving like guttersnipes. The only answer they deserve is a suitable suit filed in court \u2014 and both will be done, a civil and criminal proceeding,\" an English news channel quoted Khurshid as reacting in London to allegations of embezzlement of funds to the tune of Rs 71 lakh against his NGO.Khurshid also said that he would sue the activists and the TV channel which levelled the serious allegation.His wife Louise Khurshid is project director in the NGO that has been accused of embezzling funds meant for disabled persons.The colourful expression came after Robert Vadra's reference to the anti-corruption activists as \"mango people in a banana republic\". But while the confrontation between the government and civil society may be enriching the political lexicon, it failed to faze the activists.An undeterred Kejriwal repeated his demand for the minister's resignation and Louise's arrest, calling it an \"open and shut'' case. Also, the activists were planning to go ahead with their plan to join disabled protestors at PM Manmohan Singh's residence on Friday afternoon to press home their demand for Khurshid's resignation.Reports alleged that the Trust had embezzled Rs 71 lakh of government funds earmarked for artificial limbs and crutches for disabled people by forging signatures of officials. According to a letter written by Uttar Pradesh government to the ministry of social justice and empowerment in June, officials in 10 of the 17 districts said that their signatures had been forged and denied having given permission to the Trust for the release of funds. The ministry had informed the Trust of this adverse report and demanded an explanation.Citing the report and the Centre's letter, Kejriwal said, \"This is an open and shut case. The law minister must immediately resign and his wife should be arrested. They are very powerful people and could tamper with evidence if allowed to continue.''Calling Kejriwal a self-appointed guardian of public morality, Khurshid told TOI in London that \"Kejriwal and others of his ilk have amply shown their predisposition of absurd and perverse anarchism. They have jumped to pronounce judgment without any reasoning. Clearly he feels great discomfort at being questioned or contradicted and wants to disable any form of resistance to self-opinionated postures.''A clearly disturbed Khurshid said: \"His (Kejriwal's) professed struggle against corruption is a thinly disguised form of oppression of others. There are many questions that he needs to answer first before seeking explanations from all and sundry.\"Unusually for an Indian politician, Khurshid, who is a grandson of Dr Zakir Hussain, the third president of India, has been invited to deliver two lecturers at Oxford University , where he once studied and taught with uncommon distinction. On Wednesday, a play written by him, Sons of Babur, was staged in London to warm applause, especially for the performance of Tom Alter as the last emperor of India, Bahadur Shah Zafar.Khurshid accused the TV channel of an \"intemperate tone and tenor\". He added, \"Their claim is based on questionable interpretations and disputed documents supported by some manipulated interviews with simple folk as well as the very junior officials who conspired in the first place.\"The minister did not deny there is a dispute. \"However, the surmises made are based on self-serving leading questions and negative answers,\" he asserted. He also maintained that the Zakir Hussain Trust had asked the Uttar Pradesh government to inquire into the matter, contrary to the TV channel's claim that this was prompted by its report.According to Khurshid: \"Whilst there are some motivated complaints on paper by junior officials (wherein lies the real story) there are also many more commendations by senior officials like DMs (district magistrates).\" He cited that the accounts of the Trust have been audited. \"Further inquiry should uncover the truth,\" he stated.He concluded: \"Since the channel has descended to the lowest level of journalism using innuendoes, half truths and blatant falsehood, the Trust and its members have decided to let the matter be pronounced by a court of law.\" He said the Trust and its members are morally obliged to defend their reputation.On Kejriwal, he averred, \"The menace of an ambitious politician disguised as an activist has to be firmly demolished before he does irreparable damage.\"Louise Khurshid, in a statement, claimed that the Trust has conducted more than 17 camps in 2009-2010 and has distributed more than 2,353 hearing aids and tri-cycles to various people with alternative abilities. The report seeks to tarnish the image of the trust, its chairman Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise Khurshid by repeatedly showing video clips of three persons who claim that they have not been provided hearing aid or tri-cycle. \"It is painful and sad to see that the work of the entire Trust is tarnished by taking video clips of one or two individuals, veracity of whose claims is not established,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775251", "title": "Fight arthritis with jeera, methi and oil massage", "text": "BANGALORE: Battling arthritis with the help of ayurveda, home remedies and a healthy diet has gained popularity over a few years now. More patients are opting for ayurveda over allopathy to control and cure arthritis, which has zero side-effects.The Institute of Ayurveda and Integrated Medicine (IAIM) gets over 300 arthritis patients every month. The treatment is a combination of oral medication, panchkarma treatment and diet and lifestyle changes.Said Dr G G Gangadharan, medical director, IAIM: \"Ayurvedic medicines do not have side-effects like allopathic steroids and painkillers do. We have comprehensive treatment for arthritis which lasts for 7, 14 or 21 days. Thereafter, a patient is put on oral medication, oil massage and panchkarma. We also suggest some alteration in diet and lifestyle.\"Your kitchen ingredients too can be your friends in fighting arthritis. Regular consumption of methi (fenugreek), jeera (cumin) and dhaniya (coriander) can help beat arthritis. Methi helps in controlling degenerative disorders. Jeera improves digestion and thereby controls obesity , while dhaniya is a good antacid and fights gas trouble.Said Dr Satyanaraya Bhat, consultant, Home Remedies and Ayurveda: \"A combination of methi, jeera and dhaniya is good to fight arthritis. This can also be consumed in raw or green form. Three of every 10 patients I see suffer from arthritis. Ayurveda and kitchen ingredients can help prevent this painful disease.\"Dr Issac Mathai, medical director, Soukya, Holistic Healthcare Centre, said: \"We get about 200 patients of arthritis at our centres every month, and 50% of them prefer ayurvedic medicines. Oil massages are good for controlling pain and wear and tear of joints. We use medicines like shalyaki, guggulu, sahachar, bela, kusta, rasna, nirgundi, dattura, shunti etc. to cure and control arthritis.\"Eat rightFood rich in Vitamin E, calcium and oil can help prevent arthritis. Eat lots of fruits, green leafy vegetables and milk products. Fish is a good source of cod liver oil, which helps fight arthritis. Drink plenty of water, which is necessary for joint lubrication. It also helps with weight maintenance. Think of drinking water as ridding your body of toxins.Dr Priyanka Rohatgi, president, indian dietetic association, bangalore chapterVitamin D and B12 are as important as calcium to fight arthritis. Face the sun for at least 45 minutes a day. Direct sunlight is a good source of Vitamin D, which maintains calcium levels in your body, and B12. Consume plenty of milk products (fat-free) and green leafy vegetables to make your bones and joints strong.Manjari Chandra, consultant nutritionist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16776898", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa bonds with Congress", "text": "BELGAUM: Even before quitting the BJP, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa appears to have started bonding with the Congress.Unmindful of the presence of his partymen, Yeddyurappa preferred to share a table for lunch with opposition leaders in both Houses of the legislature Siddaramaiah and S R Patil, Union minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa and Congress MLA Shamanur Shivashankarappa soon after President Pranab Mukherjee delivered his address to legislators after inaugurating the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha.On the dais, three tables had been arranged. While one table was occupied by Mukherjee, Governor H R Bhardwaj, chief minister Jagadish Shettar and presiding officers of the legislature K G Bopaiah and D H Shankaramurthy, others had Union ministers Mallikarjuna Kharge, M Veerappa Moily and MP N Dharam Singh. Yeddyurappa chose to sit with the Congress leaders.This public display of affection for the Congress did not end there. The former chief minister also made an oath before the newly inaugurated Soudha. \"I swear on this Suvarna Soudha that I will quit BJP and float a new political outfit. My party will contest all 224 assembly seats in the next elections. I am not compelling any legislator to join my party now, but once this government completes its term many from different political parties will join my party,\" Yeddyurappa said.Former chief ministers DV Sadananda Gowda and BS Yeddyurappa were seated next to each other in the legislative assembly in Suvarna Vidhana Soudha. Though both of them did not speak to each other, Yeddyurappa shared some dry fruits with Gowda. Yeddyurappa was also flanked on the other side by another political rival, H D Kumaraswamy. The Lingayat strongman, who had attacked the JD(S) before the function, saying father-son duo (HD Deve Gowda-Kumaraswamy ) would be routed in the coming assembly elections, shared dry fruits with Kumaraswamy too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775790", "title": "Man arrested for property dealer\u2019s murder", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police solved the case of the property dealer's murder on IIM Road in Madiaon reported on October 3. An acquaintance of the property dealer Kailash Nath Yadav was arrested for his murder on Thursday morning from Roshanabad Chauraha following a tip-off by a police informer.A resident of Gulmi Kheda, Jehta under Kakori police station area, Kailash was found brutally murdered by a sharp-edge weapon, opposite Sahara City Homes on the night of October 3.About the motive for murder, police said six months back accused Avdesh Yadav had borrowed Rs 1 lakh from Kailash, and was being pressed to return the amount. Kailash had threatened Avdesh 15 days back with dire consequences and the latter, according to police, had vowed to eliminate Kailash. The police had traced the weapon with which Kailash was murdered and the bloodstained clothes of Avdesh on the day of the murder from the roof of his shop. Meanwhile, those named in the FIR by family members of the deceased on account of suspicion will be given a clean-chit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "cavrem", "code": "16776683", "title": "Birds chirp again as mining takes a break in Cavrem", "text": "CAVREM: Voices of chirpy little students fill the four-room functional structure that serves as the government primary school in the serene interior village of Cavrem, as the headteacher Reshmi Phaldessai assists individual children with their lessons.Class I students match rhythm with songs of forest birds nesting in trees surrounding the school while reciting a poem. Minutes later, a preprimary student abandons her slate and chalk with her teacher's permission and hops across the road-less than ten inches from the school-to fetch something from her home.This was on Thursday. Less than five months ago, the scene was very different.Leave aside enjoying the birds' calls, the teacher's voice was barely audible to students over the constant drone of mining trucks, moving with less than an inch's space between two vehicles, from 8.30am to 5pm. The teachers could not dream of allowing a student to step out of the school unattended.\"Of course it is a much better teaching atmosphere without the noise of the mining trucks passing by. Earlier, during recess, the teachers sat around the space outside the school to see that students do not wander on to the road amidst the heavy traffic,\" Phaldessai said.A little further, a middle-aged village woman is on her way to tend to her small chili plantation on one of the hills towering over the tribal village. \"What do we get out of mining other than dust? Last year, thanks to mining, we could not earn anything from growing chilies. As soon as the plant flowered, the dust would settle and the flowers would rot. With mining stopped, I can hope to make profits by growing chilies again this year,\" Sita Velip said.The thick green forest that shelters the village is interrupted by mines every few meters. With the state and central government agencies cracking down on uncontrolled mining activity and the Supreme Court tightening the screws on illegalities in the industry, mines in the area lie dormant till further orders. The silence of the motionless trucks parked within the premises of terraced flaming red dust of the mines seem to fill in the gaps in an untold story.An elderly villager Paik Velip, pointing to the green around him, said, \"These cashew plantations are our livelihood. The produce has come down drastically with mining dust settling on the flowers year after year. If mining was on now, all the red dust coating the plantations that was washed away during the monsoon would have been replaced by now as the mining season starts around this time of the year usually. Now, look at the green,\" he said.Villagers said the produce of the paddy fields in the village fell by 70%, especially as mining grew more and more rampant with mechanization over the last decade.The web of streams flowing through the village is back to its translucent self, villagers said. It is when miners violated the sanctity of these streams, which are the lifeline of the village, that Cavrem residents upped the ante against the all powerful mine owners rampaging through the village's wealth.\"Four of our major streams turned red at source last January. These streams provide the water to irrigate our fields and farming is our main occupation. We would have been finished if our streams, on which we have been depending for generations, were dead. This is when we decided we had had enough,\" a member of the Cavrem Bachao Samitti said.The struggle of Cavrem is nearly iconic in illegal-mining affected Goa, where the tribals marked the beginning of aggressive anti-mining activism, even spending a night on the village roads to block mining traffic running in violation of rules in the wee hours of the morning.\"Around 20 village boys were operating mining trucks and I was one of them. That was before the mines crossed their limits. Let the bank, where I have my vehicle loan, tow my vehicle, but we will continue our agitation against the illegalities. Farming continues to be our main occupation. We are not dependent on mines. If mining stops, we will at least get farm produce like we did earlier,\" one tribal truck owner said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16776831", "title": "Faster-than-light travel possible?", "text": "MELBOURNE: Einstein's theory holds that nothing can move faster than the speed of light, but Australian researchers have developed new mathematical formulas that allow for travel beyond this limit.Applied mathematicians from the University of Adelaide have extended Einstein's theory of special relativity to work beyond the speed of light.Einstein's theory of special relativity, published in 1905, explains how motion and speed is always relative to the observer's frame of reference. It connects measurements of the same physical incident viewed from these different points in a way that depends on the relative velocity of the two observers.\"Since the introduction of special relativity there has been much speculation as to whether it might be possible to travel faster than the speed of light, noting that there is no substantial evidence to suggest that this is presently feasible with any existing transportation mechanisms ,\" said Jim Hill.\"About this time last year, experiments at CERN , the European centre for particle physics in Switzerland, suggested that perhaps neutrinos could be accelerated just a very small amount faster than the speed of light; at this point we started to think about how to deal with the issues from both a mathematical and physical perspective,\" Hill said.\"Our approach is a natural and logical extension of the Einstein Theory of Special Relativity, and produces anticipated formulae without the need for imaginary numbers or complicated physics,\" Hill said.Their formulas extend special relativity to a situation where the relative velocity can be infinite, and can be used to describe motion at speeds faster than light.\"We are mathematicians, not physicists, so we've approached this problem from a theoretical mathematical perspective,\" said Barry Cox.\"Should it, however, be proven that motion faster than light is possible, then that would be game changing. Our paper doesn't try and explain how this could be achieved, just how equations of motion might operate in such regimes,\" Cox added. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777492", "title": "Patna University students' union poll on December 11", "text": "PATNA: The Patna University (PU) students' union elections will be held on December 11, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh announced on the occasion of the 111th birth anniversary celebrations of Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan at Wheeler Senate House here on Thursday. The last elections to the union were held in 1984.Recently, the state government had also asked the university to hold students' union elections as per the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations.PU Students' Union (PUSU) has served as a launching pad for many a politician. Former CM and RJD supremo Lalu Prasad, former state minister and ex-BPCC chief Ram Jatan Sinha, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and former BPCC chief Anil Kumar Sharma are among the few who were elected PUSU president. Former Union minister and BJP national spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad and BJP leader Ranbir Nandan also served the PUSU in different capacities. CM Nitish Kumar was actively associated with the erstwhile Bihar College of Engineering Students' Union and also with the JP movement. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi happened to be the PUSU general secretary.Even though the Patna University Act, 1976 and the Bihar State Universities Act, 1976, as amended, provide for holding elections to the university students union every year, a draft statute framed by Patna University, and cleared by its senate with some amendments, has been pending with the chancellor's secretariat for the last several years.A committee headed by Magadh University VC B N Pandey was constituted in 2008 by the then chancellor, R L Bhatia , to draft statutes in this regard. The committee had submitted the draft statutes for the chancellor's assent but nobody knows their fate.In February, 2010, Patna high court had directed the state government to frame statutes for students' union elections in universities and colleges by March 29 that year. The counsel of chancellor had submitted that the latter had circulated the draft statutes for holding students' union polls to all the universities seeking their suggestions, opinions and objections.More than a year back, the chancellor had approved a transitory provision for constituting students' union in the universities on the ad hoc basis of nomination. But no university could form such union in view of stiff opposition from various student organizations owing allegiance to different political parties.Meanwhile, the PU VC also announced an advanced research centre to be set up on the campus in the name of Jayaprakash Narayan. The UGC and the Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) have already assured the university of providing necessary funds for the purpose. Inter-discipline research on political and democratic thoughts of JP would be carried out at this centre, he said.Noted Gandhian thinker Razi Ahmad, Bhoodan Yagna Committee chairman Shuvmurti, Bihar Sangeet Natak Academy secretary Vibha Sinha, and Delhi University's retired professor B P Singh also expressed their views. Patna Science College geology teacher Atul Aditya Pandey conducted the programme. PU registrar Vibhas Kumar Yadav proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777273", "title": "\u2018Utilization of area under phases I, II not adequate\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Doubts were first raised over the need for third phase of Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park ( RGCTP) spread over 272 acre during a special audit that the ministry of home affairs got conducted in 2010.The audit report concluded that utilization of land in the existing Phase I and II was short of expectations. Besides, the first two phases were spread over a larger area than the concept layout plan, it said.The inquiry report had \"inter-alia concluded that the move to acquire lands for IT Park's phase III was not adequately based on sound reasoning. To substantiate this, it has been pointed out that the land earmarked for acquisition is under substantial green cover, lands taken in possession for Phase I and II had an area larger than the concept layout plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16779961", "title": "Hindu students in South African school suffer 'racial abuse' for wearing red strings around wrists", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Some Indian students at a Boksburg school in South Africa are reportedly being racially abused for wearing red strings around their wrists as part of the Hindu faith.Several parents of pupils at the Parkdene Primary School in Boksburg claimed that the children suffered racial abuse and discrimination, following which they were told to make their children to wear a red jersey to hide the strings.In one of the incidents, a Grade 3 pupil was reportedly discriminated by his music teacher, who is the principal's wife, for wearing red strings on his wrists. His parents claimed that he was called a \"coolie\" several times in front of his classmates and was told to take the strings off.\"We are sickened by the reported racial discrimination doing the rounds at schools in Gauteng,\" News24 quoted provincial leader Bonginkosi Dhlamini, as saying in a statement.Dhlamini said the teacher's alleged behaviour \"demonstrates the dwindling humanistic culture in our society\".\"This unendurable action by the teacher is a regressive sign of racial battles still protruding in our society, and strict measures needs to be taken against those who... blatantly attack innocent children because of their race and religion,\" he said.The principal refused to make any comments, and said that the department was dealing with the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777080", "title": "Pharma companies may be sued in UK for Indore drug trials", "text": "BHOPAL: While the state government has yet to decide course of action against doctors found guilty of subjecting poor patients to unethical drug trials at MY Hospital, Indore, an international human rights lawyer is likely to sue United Kingdom-based pharmaceutical companies for the \"illegal\" practice in England. The case will be filed in London court on behalf of the victims, sources said.Satnam Singh Bains-who practices law in UK-visited Indore on Thursday and met around six persons who allegedly suffered serious adverse events (SAE) after being tried for drugs manufactured by pharma companies in UK. He has collected details and written consents from the victims and their family members sources claimed.When contacted, Satan - who was to board a flight for London from Delhi - said \"I would assess the details to decide any action. It will be too early to comment anything.\" He refused to reveal more details.Satnam also an advisor to the Human Rights Law Network, one of the largest NGOs in India having undertaken public interest litigation in the Supreme Court.Some of the UK-based pharma companies that reportedly conducted drug trials in Indore include Biogel, Idec, British Heart Foundation, Ascra Zelecca, Mundi Pharma and Bristol Myersquilv.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16777118", "title": "Apple wins delay of Korea sales ban", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777146", "title": "IT, BPO firms resort to innovative ways", "text": "INDORE: While changing jobs frequently has become a trend in metropolitan cities, the information technology companies and BPOs in Indore are trying all innovative ways possible to ensure that their employees stay with them for as long as possible.Appraisals are happening every nine month, rather than the usual practice of holding it on a yearly basis. They are offering flexible working hours. Gaming zones within work premises are being provided so as to allow their employees freshen up their mind. And to ensure that the appraisals remain a transparent exercise, computer applications, rather than the human resource guys, are taking a call on the staff's performance.CIS, which has recently unveiled its corporate office in Indore, and which boasts to have 350 employees on its fold currently, has already implemented these innovative methods. Amit Agrawal, director, CIS, said, \"These innovations have helped us a lot in retaining our employees. Also, we are able to enrich our human capital in this way.\"AbhishekPareek, director of CIS says, \"I feel employees do not change their job just for money, rather they do so for job satisfaction. We are happy to say that we have many employees who are working with us for the last 7-8 years.\"Deepti Shukla, who is the HR manager of a city-based IT firm, Viscus with 92 staff, said, \"We hold activities of fun for the employees every month, generally with festive theme. We have also got wellness programmes for the employees. All these steps help us check attrition.\"Even BPOs are worried about the high attrition rate.Ruby Pahwa, who is the managing director of an Indore-based BPO, said, \" Yes , we are really concerned about the changing trend. The attrition rate was as high as 25-30% in our company where we have employed 2,500 staff. About 500 staff work at our Indore office alone. To check attrition, we ensure to provide salaries in time. Also, we are trying our level best to increase the comfort level of the employees. We organize various activities of fun for the employees.\"Hari Ranjan Rao, IT secretary of MP, said, \"I can only say that the state has become the preferred destination for the people willing to work in these sectors. While conducting a roadshow sometimes back in New Delhi, we had received queries from the people who wanted to work in the BPOs of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16777581", "title": "Gulf cannot do without expat labour", "text": "KOCHI: The decade-old initiatives in several Gulf countries to strengthen the presence of native people in the labour force and recent mass movements in that region have not significantly propelled return migration of non-resident Keralites (NRKs), migration study experts.The Gulf countries will have to rely on expatriate labour force at least for another generation to sustain their economic growth. If they are not able to source adequate labour from India, they will look at other countries in the region.More than 70% of the overall workforce in GCC countries are from South Asian countries, says Irudaya Rajan from the Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram, who has been studying migration from Kerala for the last two decades.Capital and labour must converge to facilitate the overall growth of the country. The Gulf countries may have finance , but they will not be able to generate the massive level of labour required for the pace of economic growth they are targeting, Irudaya Rajan told TOI here.Economist B A Prakash says the Gulf countries may at best be able to source some portion of their labour requirement at the middle level internally. But they would require expatriate workforce to carry out menial and highend jobs, he said.On the impact of the uprisings in the Arab countries on migration, Prakash said a survey conducted among a group of return migrants in four districts of Kerala indicated that it was the economic situation and not the political climate in the host country which trigger return migration. Also the uprisings spared most of the countries such as the UAE, Saudi Arabia and Oman where there are concentrations of NRKs, he said. \"So we can definitely say that Gulf migration will continue, though there could be periods of minor ups and downs,\" Rajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774434", "title": "Naveen takes potshots at Centre", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Thursday flayed the UPA government for allegedly engaging in corruption and political discrimination and said the Manmohan Singh-led government has lost its moral right to continue in office.On the concluding day of the ruling BJD's padayatra programme, BJD president Naveen Patnaik charged the Congress-led central government of having 'betrayed' the aam aadmi as it has not kept the promises it made during the general elections in 2009.\"The UPA government has failed on all fronts and betrayed the aam aadmi. It has no moral right to continue in power,\" Naveen said, addressing a public meeting at Nayapalli here marking the end of the regional party's foot march across the state has become an annual event from October 2 (Gandhi Jayanti) to October 11 (Jaya Prakash Jayanti). \"The UPA is ruling the country by sitting on hills of corruption,\" he said, referring to the series of scams that has rocked the Centre in recent months.Naveen, who has during the past three years raised the pitch against the Centre on different issues, including alleged neglect toward Odisha, said compared to the revenue the eastern state contributes to the central exchequer in the form of taxes, Odisha was getting much less financial support from the Centre.Naveen's tirade against the Centre came two days after the Congress culminated its week-long padayatra in Puri district. Senior Congress leaders like Jagdish Tytler and Niranjan Patnaik had accused Naveen of ineptitude and said the BJD was trying to take credit for welfare schemes funded by the Centre. They said UPA had sanctioned more projects and provided more financial aid to Odisha than the previous NDA government, of which BJD was a part. \"They (Congress) have no right to make such claims. The state gives a lot to Centre in terms of tax, royalty and earnings from railway but gets a pittance,\" Naveen said.Despite repeated demands, the UPA has not given any special package to Odisha, he said. \"The Centre has ignored our genuine demand for special assistance for KBK and other backward regions,\" he said. \"Under the federal structure, the Centre is duty-bound to assist states but Odisha has been denied genuine entitlements,\" he said, adding, \"We have been fighting for the state's cause and would continue to do so.\"Highlighting different welfare schemes undertaken during the BJD regime, Naveen said the UPA was \"politically discriminating\" Odisha. He further slammed the Centre over the spiraling of prices, especially that of essential commodities and fuel, and attributed the same to the 'faulty economic policies of the UPA'.Claiming that his party believed in serving the people of Odisha and not clinging to power, Naveen maintained that it was because of the BJD government's initiatives that poverty has reduced and agricultural productivity has increased in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16776368", "title": "'Share responsibilities for gender equality'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sharing of responsibilities by both men and women are the necessary ingredients for gender equality in the society, said judge of Supreme Court, Justice Dipak Misra.He was speaking on the progressive development of women in today's world\" at the first VV Chitaley memorial national law seminar on \"Women and law - A legal insight\". The seminar was organized as part of celebrations to mark 125 years of the Allahabad University.The seminar was attended by Judges of the Allahabad High Court, academicians and law experts, students and teachers. Justice Misra expounded the etymological study of the word 'woman', where he depicted the beauty and prosperity possessed by women since ancient times.Later, talking about modern India, he elucidated the development of women in intellectual, cognitive and institutional spheres. He also emphasised on the various legislations specially enacted for protection of women and spoke about the Constitutional provisions under Article 243 (3) for reservation of women. Justice Misra engaged the students in a session of question and answers and at the same time raising and commenting on relevant issues.Guest of honour, Justice Sunil Ambwani of the Allahabad High Court took the audience through a number of legislations specially enacted for women and stressed on the need of its implementation to restore the high status of women which they once enjoyed in India. Nisha Jha, chairperson, Commission for the Protection of Child Rights, Bihar highlighted the plight of women and girl child and stressed on corrective measures, while Sumant Chitaley, president of the AIR Law Academy Nagpur, stressed on women empowerment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774689", "title": "End of Modi's isolation? UK reaches out to Gujarat govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that could mark the end of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's international isolation - but that also drew strong condemnation - the UK has decided to end its boycott of the state imposed in the wake of the 2002 anti-Muslim riots.The fillip to Modi came with British deputy foreign minister Hugo Swire saying, \"I have asked the British high commissioner in New Delhi to visit Gujarat and to meet the chief minister and other senior figures in the state. This will allow us to discuss a wide range of issues of mutual interest and to explore opportunities for closer cooperation, in line with the British government's stated objective of improving bilateral relations with India.\"The move immediately attracted the criticism of Congress, Left and Muslim groups. Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari expressing surprise over the British announcement saying, \"There has been no material change either in the subversion of the criminal justice system or denial of access to justice to the victims of the Gujarat pogrom in last 10 years.\"Left leaders questioned the UK's decision, with CPI leader A B Bardhan wondering why the endorsement came ahead of state polls. CPM leader Brinda Karat said the failure of the judicial process to nail Modi for the riots has encouraged the rethink.Muslim organizations were also sharply critical with Jamiat Ulamai-Hind secretary N A Faruqi saying, \"Court decisions so far prove complicity of the Modi government in the riots. The conviction of former minister Maya Kodnani proves this. We urge UK to reconsider its decision.\" Zafarul Islam Khan, president of All India Muslim Majlis-Mushwarat, asked, \"Modi is still an accused, how can anything change?\"Modi and BJP, on the other hand, swiftly used the development to claim that the British government had recognized the importance of Gujarat even if Prime Minister Manmohan Singh did not. The CM cannily chose to present the UK's decision as a vindication of the state in the midst of his election campaign.The British decision to re-engage with Gujarat can mean that Modi's status as a \"pariah\" in the West may be set to change as the UK was one of the first nations to impose a travel ban on the CM. Modi can visit the UK with the decision also being seen in the context of the CM being seen as a likely BJP prime ministerial candidate.British diplomats pointed to some of the reasons for the detente. Since 2010, the UK intensified its engagement with Indian states, except Gujarat which remained out of bounds despite the state moving forward, not just economically, but also in science and education.Sources pointed out that most high-profile cases relating to the 2002 riots had been concluded. The British government is now keen to upgrade contacts beyond the small trade office it currently has in the state.Modi has been on an international blacklist largely due to the US and the UK decisions not to grant him a visa. But Gujarat's emergence as a preferred investment destination, the advocacy of the influential Gujarati community in the UK and the state's success in forging relations with Israel, China and Japan could have influenced the British decision as well.His latest visit to Japan attracted much attention, coming as it did after the Maruti plant unrest in Haryana and the auto major's decision to expand operations in Gujarat. In China, Modi berated the Chinese for their pandering of Pakistan as well as pushed to secure the release of Gujarati diamond traders held by the Chinese government.The British turnaround has another political message \u2014 it was prominent Gujaratis who had pushed for a ban in 2002. With the Gujarati business community a fairly powerful force in the UK, it's possible that there has been a change of heart there too. Modi's isolation will only end when the US takes him off its list, which may not be much longer.In January, 2011, the Vibrant Gujarat jamboree saw Ron Somers, the head of the powerful US-India Business Council, sharing a stage with Modi. Somers famously declared he would make the US a partner country of Gujarat by 2013, when the next investment show is scheduled.Swire's statement defended UK's opening up to Gujarat. \"The UK has a broad range of interests in Gujarat. We want to secure justice for the families of British nationals who were killed in 2002. We want to support human rights and good governance in the state.\"As part of this government's commitment to strengthen relations with India, we have an interest in ensuring that we provide a full and consistent range of services across the whole country. I feel that active engagement will help further these interests,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775259", "title": "Pessimism of govt\u2019s own making, says BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over his remark about \"a mindless environment of negativism\" in the country, the BJP on Thursday said it was gross inaction, lack of accountability and \"institutional subversion\" by his government which had led to pessimism.Stating that corruption in governance had crossed all limits, senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley said Union ministers were using the mess Robert Vadra finds himself in to display their loyalty to the Gandhi family.\"The manner in which senior ministers of the government have jumped to defend the indefensible commercial transactions of a member of the Congress party's first family indicates that the current controversy is being utilized to display loyalty rather than to enforce probity,\" Jaitley said.He added that the possibility of windfall gains emanating from a 'political equity' investment intended to reap 'political dividends' could not be obviated in the alleged Vadra-DLF nexus.Alleging nepotism and inaction on the part of the government, Jaitley said despite the loss in 2G scam, the JPC seemed to be preparing to give a clean chit to the \"monumental scam\". In the case of Coalgate, he said an honest government would have tried to restore its sanctity by cancelling the allotments and resorting to a bidding mechanism and yet the Manmohan Singh-led government chose not to do so.\"There is a legitimate apprehension that institutions intended to be a watchdog on these practices have been seriously compromised. Citizen groups are being told that the state will not take any action. Loyalty is more important than probity,\" he said.\"It is the responsibility of the state to investigate these cases. If the state shirks from its responsibility, unconventional methodologies of exposure will overtake the existing public discourse,\" he added.Senior party leader and chief spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad too attacked the PM, saying pessimism, or negativity, was a by-product of institutional subversion by Singh's government and also its pathetic track record of bringing those accused of serious corruption to book, including Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit.Jaitley also attacked the government for its criticism of the CAG. \"The government prefers to assault it rather than follow its sage audit advice. The experience of the Joint Parliamentary Committees shows enormous clout of the government to prevent truth from surfacing on the mere strength of numbers. Even the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) is being prevented from doing its job, particularly in the case of 2G spectrum allocation scam,\" he said.\"Yes, the prime minister is right when he says there is an environment of cynicism or negativism. The poison which perpetuates this negativism must be expunged from the system. That alone will create a positive environment,\" he added.Addressing the 19th annual conference of CBI and state anti-corruption units here on Wednesday, Singh had said \"the mindless atmosphere of negativity and pessimism that is sought to be created over the issue of corruption can do us no good\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776351", "title": "Nagpur Environmental Services Limited stops giving work to NMC plumbers", "text": "NAGPUR: The dispute between around 450 registered plumbers of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and top officials of Nagpur Environmental Services Limited (NESL) - NMC's special purpose vehicle for water distribution - has turned into an open war. NESL is refusing to retain the services of these plumbers and is not giving them any work.Union leader Jammu Anand said the decision was taken by NESL authorities on Wednesday and was patently illegal. \"The issue of whether private operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) can refuse to take the services of NMC plumbers is to be discussed at NESL's board meeting on October 22. How can officials arbitrarily issue such orders? Since when have they been given the powers to take policy decisions,\" Anand questioned.On the other hand, nominated corporator Prakash Totwani, who was water works committee chairman in the last civic body, has blamed the plumbers for their plight. \"They must understand that they are not NMC employees. They are like contractors and cannot demand that their services have to be taken. We had discussed the issue with OCWL. The company is ready to take their services but the plumbers should stop pressure tactics. Many plumbers have overcharged consumers in the past,\" he charged.According to Totwani, OCWL had organized training workshop for plumbers but very few turned up. \"OCWL is using new technology. The plumbers have to learn it,\" he stressed.According to Anand, OCWL cannot refuse to take services of NMC plumbers as the decision has to be taken by the house. \"The registration of plumbers is done by NMC. Their rates are fixed by NMC. OCWL has no right to decide these issues. Former mayor Archana Dehankar had admitted these facts last year.\"He also claimed that it was a vindictive move by NESL officials. \"We met mayor Anil Sole on Tuesday. NESL official Aziz-ur-Rehman was present at the meeting. We pointed out the injustice done to plumbers by NESL. The officials told junior officials not to entertain us from Wednesday,\" he charged.The OCWL spokesperson said the company had no intention of leaving the plumbers unemployed. \"Our only condition is that they should install the meters sanctioned by us. Most of them have agreed but some are opposing it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774340", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board to procure new transformers", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) has issued instructions for replacement of burnt and damaged transformers to meet the increased demand for power during pujas. The board is also procuring new transformers to minimize the gap between demand and supply. JSEB's public relations director P K Srivastava said: \"We have asked our engineers to prepare a list of transformers that need to be repaired or replaced and to ensure there is no delay in the procurement.\"Linesmen have been instructed to inform junior engineers about the condition of overhead wires in their respective areas. While some loose connections are being corrected, guard wires are also being placed below high-voltage cables. Srivastava said there is an increased load on the wires because of electrical decorations in puja pandals during the festival and worn-out wires could snap if they are not replaced.Assuring uninterrupted power supply during the pujas, JSEB has also requested organisers, particularly Mahanagar Durga Puja Samity, to obtain a legal 'temporary' connection for their pandals so that the board is aware of the expected additional load.Puja organisers on the other hand are sceptical about the assurances of the board. Mahanagar Durga Puja Samity convener Uday Shankar Ojha said around 70% of the large and medium-size pandals seek legal connections from the board for four-five days. \"Still none of them can solely depend on power provided by JSEB and every pandal has to keep generator to bear the load of decoration and lighting,\" he said. While generators are usually kept as a backup, the puja organisers take JSEB connection because of the uncertainty of power supply. \"Hundreds of people would be injured in stampede if there is a blackout within the pandal during peak hours,\" Ojha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774686", "title": "Police under fire over Tata Institute of Social Sciences student\u2019s arrest", "text": "HYDERABAD: On Monday, the city police picked up 23-year-old Sharib Ali, a research scholar from Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), Mumbai, within minutes of his meeting with Rajvardhan Reddy, lawyer and president of Hindu Vahini. Reddy alerted the police sensing a \"threat to his life\" and an overzealous cops arrived at his doorstep in no time, picked up Ali and his journalist associate Ismail Khan and detained them for a couple of hours before letting them go.Vouching for Sharib Ali, TISS staff and faculty on Thursday condemned the incident and said that they were extending the necessary support to him. They said the incident was nothing short of \"persecution and harassment\". Ali, meanwhile, told TOI on Thursday that he had decided against moving the State Human Rights Commission, which people were coaxing him to do, as it would jeopardize his research work that he is undertaking in several cities including Mumbai, Hubli, Kolkata, Delhi, Ajmer, Malegaon and several cities in Gujarat. He has already completed his research in Bangalore. \"I had gone to meet Rajvardhan Reddy as he is representing the accused in the Mecca Masjid blast case. But he acted as a Hindu Vahini person and not a lawyer,\" Ali said.However, Rajvardhan Reddy played down the issue and said that the police only checked Ali's documents and let him off within half an hour. He maintained that there was a threat to his life which was why he called the police. \"Ali sought an interview with me and I casually agreed. Intelligence officials had earlier alerted me of a threat perception which is why I had to call the police. I am representing Bharat Bhai in the Mecca Masjid blasts case,\" he said. He, however, could not give a proper answer as to why he entertained Ali's request to meet him in the first place, if he did fear for his life.While Ali is slated to be in Hyderabad for another week and plans to finish his research before leaving, his police detention has led to activists and academics questioning the swift police reaction to Reddy's phone call. They described it as reflective of a \"majoritarian attitude\". In Reddy's own words, there was nothing really suspicious about Ali apart from the fact that he was not \"introduced to me by any notable figure\". But this explanation apparently was good enough for the police to suggest to him to keep Sharib engaged till they arrived. Worse, the police asked Sharib Ali that why did he go to meet Hindu Vahini people in the first place.\"It is as if an official position has been taken that people from certain communities shouldn't be doing such work. These situations are created deliberately and there is an urgent need for counter-measures to be implemented within the police force against profiling,\" said Anant Maringanti, an independent research scholar and visiting professor at the University of Hyderabad.He added that the kind of research work one does should not depend on one's religious or cultural identity. \"But the police force is making this difficult,\" he said. Human rights activists termed the police's reaction as 'extremely regressive' and 'disproportionate'. V S Krishna from the Human Rights Forum said, \"If the police are treating scholars this way, then imagine what kind of trouble the common man goes through. It has become a gut reaction for the police to go overboard. The arrest of innocent boys in the aftermath of the Mecca Masjid blasts is an example.\"Times ViewThe city police has still not learnt its lesson. The Mecca Masjid blast in the city had led to widespread arrests of young Muslim boys, who were later acquitted by the court. One would have assumed that the police force would be more careful and more diligent in its homework before making arrests. But that does not seem to be the case. It is ironical that a researcher working on these arrests himself became a victim of the same police action. The force needs to be sensitized so that it doesn't repeat such ill-conceived actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16774906", "title": "Actor fobbed off hubby's advances", "text": "BANGALORE: Intense interrogation of murdered Hemashri's husband and questioning of her family members and other witnesses has helped police unravel the hours leading to the 28-year-old Kannada TV serial actor's death.The actor's businessman husband, Surendra Babu, 52, is in the custody of Hebbal police for his suspected role in his wife's murder.\"We are questioning Babu but he is making contradictory statements. We need more time to discover the truth. Prima facie, there is a case of murder,\" a senior investigating officer said.Hemashri was married to Babu in Tirupati against her wishes last year. Within two days of the marriage, she approached a city police officer and complained against Babu and her parents.Hemashri did not want to live with Babu and began spending more time at shooting locations in Hyderabad, a family member told TOI on condition of anonymity.\"Babu made futile attempts to bring her back. Hemashri would tell him that he was her husband in name only,'' the family source explained.\"Angry that his marriage to her was not consummated, Babu chalked out plans to get Hemashri to spend a night with him in a remote place. This is why he took her to the farmhouse near Anantapur from where she could not flee as it lacked transport links,\" the family source explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16780301", "title": "Canvases of varied expressions", "text": "A group show displaying figurative works of expressionism is on at Tao Art Gallery.It is a world that is made of dreams \u2014 the group show at Tao, Vivid World: A figurative work of Expressionism showcases thought-provoking art. Art that takes you in and makes you a part of its own world. It portrays the strong language of figurative work of expressionism.Works of well-known artists such as Arpana Caur, C Jagdish, Debashish Dutta, Gogi Saroj Pal, Jagdish Chander, Lalitha Lajmi, Nanda Das, Nayanaa Kanodia, Paresh Maity, Prashant Salwi, Rini Dhumal, Samir Mondal, Satish Gujral, Seema Kohli, Subhash Awchat, Sunil Padwal and Thota Vaikuntham, is on display. Each work is striking and the characteristic touches of the artists make them a pleasure to view. Speaking about the show, Kalpana Shah, owner of the Tao Art Gallery says, \"The world on these canvases is so vivid, so real, so intense and so full of varied expressions.\"Jagdish Chander's works titled The Smile and The Revelation are a delight to behold, and his expertise is evident with his unique paintings that use of expressionism to depict various emotions on canvas. Arpana Caur's Prakriti is fascinating in its simplicity and awe-inspiring in its directness. It depicts the inextricable bond of woman and nature. Grace by Paresh Maity has a mysterious power that moves you with its strong haunting quality. Gogi Saroj Pal's works on the other hand are simplistic and stylised. Samir Mondal's works depict a certain dominance of several icons taking one subject and exploring it from all angles. He has been preoccupied with the depiction of nature. The works of young painters like Sunil Padwal are bold, simple and immaculate and catch your eye even if you are just passing by. Similarly, Debashish Dutta a young painter from Baroda has paintings that speak about life, or rather they narrate his experiences and his ways of seeing the world around him.The many exemplary art works of stalwart artists make this show a must-visit.This show is on at the Tao Art Gallery, Window Gallery, Worli, from 11 am to 7 pm till October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "director", "code": "16775400", "title": "Rani Mukherji's 'Aiyyaa': you can smell the rat!", "text": "Director: Sachin Kundalkar Cast: Rani Mukherji, PrithvirajThe female lead of the film has a strange smell fetish. She is turned on by the musk of a man. And that is an attribute enough to qualify him as her dream man!!! Unfortunately the film largely (rather only) banks on this female fixation, which isn't an attribute enough to qualify for a feature length film. Alas you smell the rat quite early!Meenakshi (Rani Mukherji) is an average (and animated) Marathi mulgi from Pune and her middleclass family is in search of a prospective groom for her. Meenakshi has the hots for Surya (Prithviraj) plainly because he smells good. But Surya is an artist in his own world and is indifferent towards everything on this planet. Meenakshi gets engaged to Madhav (Subodh Bhave) but can't get over Surya. After much hue and cry, Aiyyaa ends up being the zillionth film where the girl runs away from her marriage mandap to be with the man of his dream.Inspired from the chapter Lagnaachya Vayachi Mulgi (A girl of marriageable age) from the episodic Marathi film Gandha (2009) by the same director Sachin Kundalkar, the primary problem with Aiyyaa is that a 30-minute plot is stretched into a two-hour-30-minute film. Thereby half-baked characters and lame subplots are added to elongate the short story. The idea might have been to come up with wacky characters but, after a while, their eccentricities end up being irritating over amusing. So you have a father who smokes four cigarettes at a time, a brother who wants to start a global trade out of managing dogs and a wheelchair-ridden grandmother with golden (teeth) smile. But the most annoying of them all is Meenakshi's colleague Maina who seems to have a strong Lady Gaga hangover and is intentionally appalling in her garish makeup and grotesque dialogue delivery.For its major runtime, the narrative keeps beating around the bush. The first time that the plot makes an attempt to progress is as late as the interval point when Meenakshi gets engaged. Before that all she does is to get aroused every time Surya moves past her. And even after that she does the same. And all that Surya is supposed to do in the film is pick some books from the library and snub Meenakshi.Beyond the sensuously shot dreamy item songs, there isn't any palpable chemistry between the lead couple. That's primarily because it's merely a one-sided love track playing throughout the film from the heroine's viewpoint and the hero remains oblivious of his self sex-appeal. Not only does the film get one-dimensional with Meenakshi's obsession, you stop relating or even caring for her after a while. And after such indifference, when the hero suddenly professes love for Meenakshi, you understand that the film couldn't have opted for a more convenient climax.There are a couple of inspired moments like Prithviraj doing a spinoff on Farooq Sheikh but they are few and far between. Sadly some good moments do not make an interesting film. Almost every other attempt by the director to add humour to the proceedings falls flat miserably. The treatment is not completely loud or slapstick but the film has a bland sense of humour. Also the continual spoofy tone of the film doesn't register well, for Kundalkar is no Farah Khan. Somewhere the director tries to blend the artistic appeal of the original plot with commercialism and in this concoction, the subtle symbolism and surrealism is lost.Rani Mukherji adds extra energy to keep the proceedings lively. She occasionally gets the Marathi dialect incorrect yet is charming. But you certainly stop rooting for her droning character after a while. The only time that Prithviraj emotes is while dancing in songs. Otherwise he's an unresponsive cold-character throughout with hardly a couple of lines to speak. You don't feel for him yet you are glued to him, which means he commands good screen presence. Subodh Bhave is decent in his role. Ameya Wagh as the younger brother seems to be a compressed version of Riteish Deshmukh in terms of his looks, expressions and dialogue delivery. Anita Date as Meenakshi's colleague Maina is tawdry.Aiyyaa is an expression of surprise in Marathi. Unfortunately it turns out to be more of a shock here. This one is boring and can put you to sleep. In times when more and more films are progressively entertaining, an Aiyyaa needs to wake up and 'smell' the coffee!Verdict: Poor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776209", "title": "Drug shops on strike from Oct 16 to protest FDA action", "text": "NAGPUR: Chemists and druggists across the state have called an indefinite strike from October 16 against the alleged harassment by Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials. The strike call has been given by Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association (MSCDA) against FDA action like suspending or cancelling licenses, filing criminal cases etc.State vice-president of MSCDA Amarjeet Sobti told TOI that the association had called off a similar strike earlier in July following assurances from ministers of various related departments. Sobti said the ministers had assured them that only in case of any mistake by a chemist departmental inquiries will be conducted. No FIR will be lodged against any chemists or druggist. However, the FDA had intensified its action and was harassing pharmacists even if they were not available in the shop for medical reasons. \"We cannot take it any longer. We were also promised suspension of licence would be stopped. Instead of keeping their promises they have taken to worse actions now. We are compelled to go on strike,\" he said.\"FDA officials are harassing chemists for petty reasons like a pharmacist not being available in shop even for some serious genuine reason. They are lodging FIRs for faults in sale-purchase documentation for narcotic, habit forming drugs and also abortion drugs,\" he added.The association president Jagannath Shinde said he had already made their grievances known to all the authorities including the chief minister and home minister. About 50,000 medicine shops across the state will remain closed during the strike.The Nagpur Druggists and Chemists Association president Ravi Goyal said the association would ensure medicines to patients in emergency. \"The association's office in dawa bazaar in Gandhibagh would be open for such services,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777182", "title": "Sultan Masood: Shehla had 'crucial' papers against state govt", "text": "INDORE: Slain RTI activist Shehla Masood's father, Sultan Masood, on Thursday made a submission before the court that he had heard his daughter had procured some \"crucial\" documents through the Right To Information (RTI) Act, which would have put the present ruling BJP government in the state in trouble. He appeared before the judge Anupam Srivastava of special CBI court as one of the witnesses in the case.On cross-examination by the defence lawyer of prime accused Zaheda Parvez, A J Bhojwani, Masood said he had heard from his daughter that she was in possession of some crucial documents, which could shake the government. All the five accused in the case -- Bhopal-based interior designer Zaheda Parvez, her friend Saba Farooqui, shooters Saquib Ali 'Danger', Irfan and Tabish are being tried in the case.Quoting the father of the slain activist, defence lawyer of one of the accused Saba Farooqui, Sunil Srivastava who was in the court during the trial, quoting the father of RTI activist said that Sultan Masood had submitted before the court that the RTI activist was a close friends with many persons including BJP leaders Tarun Vijay and Dhruv Narayan Singh. On being asked as to what kind of friendship, Masood said that his daughter was having cordial relationship with Dhruv Narayan Singh and was a close friend of Tarun Vijay.Replying to the cross-examination, father of slain RTI activist said BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh was frequenting his house about one-and-a-half year ago. The names of Dhruv Narayan Singh and Tarun Vijay have not figured in the CBI chargesheet.\"The MLA lied to me about his location when I told him about the murder of my daughter,\" said advocate Srivastava quoting Sultan.Next hearing in Shehla case on FridaySultan Masood said Dhruv Narayan Singh had said that he had passed him a message that he was in Ujjain, whereas, his sources had confirmed that he was in Bhopal at the time of the murder of Shehla Masood.Sultan Masood said the Bhopal police did not look into his complaint properly. \"No bullet shots were heard from outside \"my house,\" said advocate Srivastava quoting Sultan, adding that neither an aunt of Shehla Rubab Zaidi heard any sound of bullet. Shehla was found shot dead in her car outside her house in Koh-e-Fiza locality of Bhopal on August 16 last year. The defence lawyer said Sultan had claimed that he received an anonymous call at about 10.15 am on the day of the murder of his daughter asking him- Whether his landline telephone had a caller ID.The next hearing will be held on Friday wherein three more witnesses, including aunt of the slain RTI activist, Shehla Masood, Rubab Zaidi, who resides above Shehla's house, would appear before the court.Well-known criminal lawyer Majid Memon, who has been fighting a case for Shehla's father, said his client feels that injustice is being meted out to him by the investigating agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776904", "title": "Court stays cancellation of nod for food fest", "text": "CHENNAI: In what came as a relief for organisers of 'Eat,' the three-day street food festival set to begin on Elliot's Beach on Friday, the Madras high court on Thursday stayed the earlier Chennai Corporation order cancelling the no-objection certificate (NOC) for the event. Rotary International District 3230, the organiser, assured the court that the beach would not be polluted.On Wednesday, residents and activists in Besant Nagar had submitted a petition to the chief minister's cell saying the event would cause damage to the beach and marine life. Corporation sources said doubts over the permits given by the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board and the Public Works Department for the event also prompted the civic body to cancel the permit.Rotary District 3230 moved the Madras high court, saying the civic body had issued a NOC on July 20, based on which preparations for the event began. Its counsel R Gandhi said the corporation's reasons for cancellation were not valid. \"To cancel a permit already granted, they should have given prior notice, not one day before the event,\" he said. Rotary officials told the court all measures were being taken to ensure that garbage generated during the event did not pollute the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775280", "title": "Maharashtra irrigation scam: Nagaland Cong MLA had written to CM against transfer of official", "text": "MUMBAI: In a curious revelation, it has come to light that an MLA from Nagaland had written to then Maharashtra chief minister Ashok Chavan in 2009 with a plea for a state irrigation department official.In the letter dated June 24, 2009, C Apok Jamir had urged Chavan to stall the transfer of S D Kulkarni, superintending engineer (SE) in the Akola irrigation circle. Kulkarni is one of the 45 officials against whom the state government last week commenced an inquiry for alleged malpractices in irrigation projects in Vidarbha. Incidentally, Apok Jamir had written the letter when his father, S C Jamir, was the governor of Maharashtra.The water resources department is currently embroiled in a major scam following a series of exposes in TOI and allegations that Rs 35,000 crore was swindled or wasted on dud irrigation projects.Apok Jamir, a Dimapur-based Congress MLA, is also a former Rajya Sabha MP. He wrote in the letter, \"Respected Ashok Chavanji,...Mr S D Kulkarni is working as superintending engineer in Akola. He is a hard-working and very efficient officer devoted for (sic) the development of (the) Vidarbha region. It is learnt that he is being transferred from Akola. This, I believe, will adversely affect the progress of works in Amravati region. I therefore earnestly request your good self to kindly consider and retain him in Akola for minimum one year.\"When contacted on Thursday, Apok Jamir told TOI he dealt with hundreds of applications daily and was not immediately aware about this particular letter. \"I will find out and get back,\" he said.Chavan acknowledged Jamir's letter five days later, on June 29, 2009. Sources said Kulkarni's transfer was put on hold soon after that. \"In the span of five days, the letter reaches Mantralaya and is quickly processed. Jamir's son praises Kulkarni, who is now facing an inquiry. This shows the reach of these officers up to Raj Bhavan to influence their postings,\" said a source.Kulkarni has been posted as deputy secretary, Major projects-2, in Mantralaya for the past two years. It is learnt that he looks after all the files of major projects based in Vidarbha. \"If at all any complaint is made against these projects, the vigilance department sends the file to him for technical aspects. Considering that he is facing an inquiry, he should have been transferred out of this department,\" said insiders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775845", "title": "Govt yet to order probe into chief medical officer's kidnapping", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday sought details from minister for medical health Ahmed Hasan into the alleged kidnapping of Gonda chief medical officer (CMO) Dr SP Singh by minister of state Vinod Singh on Monday night. The kidnapping was allegedly to force the CMO to include some names in the list of doctors appointed on contract basis at the government medical facilities in Gonda. The state government, however, was yet to order any probe into the incident till late on Thursday evening.When TOI asked senior officials, they all said that none of them had been asked to conduct any inquiry into the incident till late Thursday night. Principal secretary (home) RK Srivastava, principal secretary (health) JP Sharma, Gonda chief development officer Janardhan Baranwal (Gonda DM Abhay has proceeded on leave and the CDO is officiating in his absence) and superintendent of police J Ravindra Goud confirmed they were not even aware of any inquiry being ordered.Unconfirmed reports kept doing the rounds all through Thursday that the aggrieved CMO met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav after the latter summoned him for a first-hand account of the incident. There was no official confirmation of the meeting however. Samajwadi Party (SP) spokesperson for the state unit Rajendra Chaudhary said: \"As far as I know, no such meeting took place on Thursday\".Media reports on Thursday quoted health minister Ahmed Hasan saying he had ordered a high-level probe into the incident on Wednesday.Some reports also claimed that principal secretary health JP Sharma will head the high level probe. When contacted by TOI late Thursday evening, Sharma feigned ignorance about being entrusted with any such inquiry into the incident.Talking to the TOI on Thursday afternoon, Hasan said: \"We came to know about the incident through media yesterday (Wednesday). It is a serious matter. But, no committee has been constituted or meeting called to probe the matter on Wednesday. Now that we are aware of the case, we are looking into the facts.\"Sharma too told TOI on Thursday that he came to know about the incident through the newspapers on Thursday morning.Asked if he was aware of probe into the incident, he said, \"We are not really in a position to say much. We will be able to proceed once we have talked to either the aggrieved CMO or DM Gonda.\" When contacted again on Thursday evening, Sharma confirmed there was no progress in the matter.Director general, medical health, Dr Rama Singh, could not be contacted for comments as she had gone to Gorakhpur to take stock of the encephalitis situation on Thursday morning. Through with her inspection in Gorakhpur, she left for Kushinagar later in the evening.Sources however said that the health minister had prepared a stock-taking report at his level.He submitted the same to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at his residence at around 1.30 pm. The meeting lasted over two hours and the minister left the CM residence at around 4 pm. But, he refused to comment on the issue.While the Provincial Medical Health Services Association (PMHSA), official body of government doctors in the state, remained silent, retired officers of the health department came down heavily on the state administration for their inaction.Dr Jai Singh, former general secretary of the PMHSA who is now retired, said: \"Political pressures always made functioning of government officials difficult. The incident is probably a result of the denial to fulfill their wills and wishes after the NRHM scam.\"Times ViewSeventy-two hours after a minister allegedly held Gonda chief medical officer hostage, reportedly to force him to appoint candidates of his choice, and a helpless DM went on leave, the state government is yet to order even a symbolic probe into the incident. If a minister dares abduct such a senior officer, it shows that people like him are confident that nothing will happen to them. This puts a big question mark on our young chief minister's promise to check crime in the state and criminal elements within his party. Vinod Singh, the accused minister in this case, is one of the most 'decorated' as far as number of criminal cases go. In Akhilesh Yadav's cabinet, there are many like him who are in the habit of flaunting their muscles and firepower to get their way through. It's the chief minister's responsibility to restrain this lot who bring bad name to his seven-month-old government already getting the flak for poor law and order and governance. He must act fast to inspire confidence among the people who saw him as a harbinger of positive change and voted him to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16777162", "title": "Mysore Dasara: Panel will ensure cleanliness in city", "text": "MYSORE: The Dasara cleanliness sub-committee intends to keep the city spick and span during the Dasara season.A mobile taskforce, comprising health staff and civic workers, has been set up to attend to emergencies. Around 280 contract pourakaramikas have been roped in exclusively to ensure cleanliness for 10 days. The panel members have appealed to the other sub-committees to discourage using plastic and using only cloth banners.Committee president Purushotham on Thursday told reporters that they are using the flagship festival to create awareness about cleanliness by putting up boards, organizing rallies and taking up cleaning works. A massive rally comprising nursing students, NGO members and panel members will be organized on October 18 to highlight the importance of hygiene.Vice-president Sharath said that for the first time, a special taskforce has been set up to take up cleaning works quickly, particularly at all Dasara programme venues. \"Our intention is to keep the city spick and span. As a prelude to it, we will clean entire Devaraja Market on Saturday. We request Mysoreans and visitors to co-operate us in keeping the city clean,\" he added.As a goodwill gesture, the committee members will have a lunch with civic workers after the festival, Sharath stated.MCC health officer Dr Nagaraj, an official member, said the committee has estimated Rs 14 lakh for cleaning works and major component of the expenditure is the salary of civic workers. Every day, they have to pay a minimum of Rs 225 to each pourakarmika. He said that sanitation and garbage collection works in Mysore will not be affected during the season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777226", "title": "Directive to govt on Securitisation Act", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday directed the state government to issue appropriate directions to all district collectors and all officials concerned, who act as authority under section 14 of the Securitisation Act, to adhere to the guidelines earlier set by a division bench.As per the law settled by the HC, the district magistrates have to give notice of atleast 14 days in actual occupation or by affixing the same in a conspicuous part of the property in question and wait for 14 days before taking actual possession of the property as per the Securitisation laws.The bench observed that the prior notice to loanee or debtor provides him with an opportunity to move a proper forum and obtain a judicial order to protect his possession. \"If within 14 days, the magistrate concerned comes to know of any interim order passed by any competent forum, he should act according to the directions given by such competent forum,\" the order by bench headed by Chief Justice reads.The bench observed further that once DM or chief metropolitan magistrate is approached under section 14 of Securitisation Act, they have no right of adjudicating the validity or propriety of any action taken by the secured creditor under section 13(4) of the Act.These directions were in response to a PIL seeking restrictions on authorities to take prompt action against possessor of properties in more than sixty cases in Ahmedabad. The court said that a debtor may commit fraud and create illegal mortgage in favour of a secured creditor or may even fraudulently mortgage a property over which he had no right or over which he has only a partial right, by suppressing such facts.In those cases, the real owner of the property or the person in lawful occupation thereof, would not be bound by such mortgage, and if straightway police assistance is given for taking the possession of the entire property, the real owner or the person having substantial interest over the property or the person in lawful possession of such property who are not bound by the mortgage created by the debtor will be seriously prejudiced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777068", "title": "Girls not keen for B.PEd and M.PEd", "text": "BHOPAL: Lack of motivation and awareness about job oriented physical education courses seems to have kept girls away this option.Sample this: For 2012-13 session, 80 boys enrolled in the B.PEd and M.PEd courses run by the university teaching department of Barkatullah University whereas hardly 14 girls have enrolled for the same.Director, Sports , Barkatullah University, Dr Akhilesh Sharma says, \"Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) hardly runs any physical education course in schools. Girls after completing their school education turn towards courses more known to them. In such a situation, girls are attracted less towards physical education courses.\"\"In most schools, physical education teachers are males only. This has failed to motivate girls for such courses,\" Dr Sharma said.The number of girls has come down from 30 to 14 in the last couple of years in such courses run by the university.\"After completing B.PEd I stopped my studies. Later, my husband told me that there is immense scope for master degree holders of physical education. Now, I am doing M.P.Ed from BU,\" mother of two children Rekha Maurya said who hails from Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh. Her aim is to be either a coach or join the teaching line where opportunities are more for girls, she added.Another M.PEd student, Chanchal said, \"I realised the importance of physical education course after completing the bachelors degree. It makes me feel good that I am the first woman football referee of the state.\"The teaching faculty of physical education said there are immense opportunities available for the degree holders of physical education. \"I have noticed that girls realise the importance of physical education courses only after marriage.Several women pursued the physical education course from my department after their husbands told them about the importance and opportunities available in physical education course,\" Prof Alok Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776109", "title": "Freak mishap, snakebite claim two kids", "text": "NAGPUR: Freak mishaps claimed lives of two children in separate incidents in the city on Wednesday. At Jaripatka, in a bid to pick up her sunk cup, a two-year-old Riddhi fell into a bucket of water, while at Koradi, a 3-year-old Suhani fell victim to snake bite.Like any other toddler, Riddhi Lalwar would enjoy playing with water. On Wednesday morning, despite being stopped twice by her mother Madhuri, a mischievous Ridhhi gave a slip to her and went to play with water and fell in a bucket.Riddhi, one of the twin sisters, would have turned two-year-old with sister Siddhi on October 16. While, the family didn't celebrate the twins' first birthday due to some problems, this year, they had planned many things for the birthday celebration.\"Riddhi's father, Kalpesh, has been suffering from psychological disorder since last few months. Madhuri, a homemaker, alone would look after Kalpesh, her twin daughters and five-year-old son Sujal.The incident took place at around 10am when Madhuri had gone to bring water from the nearby tap. Before leaving home, she had stopped Riddhi twice from playing in the water.\"I had brought her inside and had asked a neighbour to keep watch on the kids. Sujal and Siddhi were playing inside, but Riddhi went out to play with water,\" said a grieving Madhuri.She returned after ten minutes only to find Riddhi missing from her siblings. She found Riddhi in slightly inverted position in a bucket. She told TOI that Riddhi's cup had fallen inside the bucket which means that she had gone to pick it up. The bucket was full to the brim.Having no helping hand around, Madhuri rushed Riddhi to three hospitals. However, all her efforts went in vain after the doctors at the fourth hospital Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) declared her brought dead.\"She was breathing and hence I rushed her to a nearby clinic, but there the doctors referred her to another hospital. After initial treatment, she was referred to Mayo hospital, but there too the doctors referred her to GMCH, saying that they lack a child specialist. However, at GMCH she was declared brought dead,\" said Madhuri.In a separate incident, Suhani Bawne (3), a resident of Suradevi village, was bitten by a snake on the right leg thumb while she was playing in the yard on Wednesday morning. She was rushed to GMCH where she succumbed during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16774788", "title": "Redevelopment of Mhada colony in Thane caught in red tape", "text": "THANE: A spacious flat, a fat corpus fund to manage the maintenance of their swank 22-storied highrise and a better lifestyle lured Pramod More's family to agree to redevelopment of their 35-year-old Mhada building at Vartak Nagar. However, two years on, their dreams seem to be crumbing as the redevelopment projects on the 63-acre Mhada colony is stuck in a policy paralysis.Over 3,500 tenants are now living in rented accommodations after their old buildings were hurriedly demolished.\"Delay in decision-making has held up the project. Merely sanctioning higher FSI of 2.5 is not the solution. Environment nods and lack of clarity on part of Mhada regarding the ready housing stock to be provided to it has become the bone of contention,\" said Hanumant Jagdale, a NCP leader and a prominent developer in the area.\"Most of the buildings in the colony stand on small plots of around 600 sq m, so the developer has no option but to go vertical. Initially, two of the three building redevelopment projects took of successfully after Mhada increased the FSI to 2.5 from 1. However, for the past four to five months, the work has stopped after the Thane Municipal Corporation insisted on an environment department no-objection certificate for structures exceeding 20,000 sq m. Owner of the land, in this case Mhada, should get the requisite NOC but the agency has failed to do so,\" said Jagdale.In the absence of the NOC, the TMC has refused to give a go-ahead, he added.Locals have held the nexus between developers and policy planners in Mantralaya, Mhada and the Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) responsible for this. But now, others who are still residing in the age-old dilapidated buildings and row houses are unwilling to take the redevelopment plunge.Of the 73 Low Income Group (LIG) Mhada buildings in the colony, over 40 are in dilapidated state and have been served notices by the authorities. These houses are largely occupied by industrial workers employed in manufacturing units in and around Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775594", "title": "Change of drug pricing policy must not hurt common man: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday promised to notify a new drug pricing mechanism for essential medicines by the end of November but the Supreme Court said a change in policy must not force a sharp rise in drug prices to hurt an already hassled common man.Additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra informed a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya that a Cabinet note on the new Drug Price Control Order (DPCO), which was approved last month by the empowered group of ministers, had been moved and a decision would be taken by mid-November.Luthra assured the court that the new DPCO would be notified by the department of pharmaceuticals in the ministry of chemicals and fertilizers a week after Cabinet approves the drug pricing formula. The bench said it would take up further hearing on November 27.As per the EGoM decision, the proposed DPCO shifts the pricing formula from the earlier 'production cost plus profit margin' to the present regime under which it would be calculated by taking the average retail cost of a medicine sold by various leading manufacturers.The bench said it was the government's prerogative to frame policy and that the courts had nothing to do with it. But it could not muffle its concerns over the impact of essential medicine prices on common man.It cited a parliamentary committee's report reflecting how pharmaceutical promotion strategy adopted by drug majors had resulted in doctors, who earlier used to prescribe medicines after understanding the symptoms, advising patients to undergo a series of diagnostic tests and then asking them to take certain medicines of big companies.The court also drew a contrast between high priced drugs and the Planning Commission's methodology to count the poor. The commission had said that anyone earning more than Rs 32 a day would not qualify to be categorized as poor.The bench of Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya said, \"These days, the drugs prescribed by doctors are beyond the reach of the common man. An antibiotic would not cost less than Rs 50-60. And here we have a criteria, a yardstick, which prescribes that if one earns Rs 32, he is not below poverty line. So, he has to go hungry for two days to buy an antibiotic.\"Appearing for the NGO 'All India Drug Action Network', senior advocate Colin Gonsalves gave the example of a particular medicine and its procurement data available in the public domain. He said the retail price of this medicine produced by a big company was 30 times more than the price at which the Tamil Nadu government procured it.If the new average retail price formula, already approved by the EGoM, was to be accepted by the Cabinet, then the common man would have to pay at least 10 times more than the price that would have been worked out under the DPCO 1995 formula, Gonsalves said.Organization of Pharmaceutical Producers of India through senior advocate U U Lalit said the government was contemplating putting all 370 drugs listed under the National List of Essential Medicines under the price control regime instead of the 74 that were there in the 1995 DPCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776637", "title": "906 applicants vie for 329 beach shacks", "text": "PANAJI: The state tourism department has begun scrutinizing the applications received from shack owners for the allotment of shacks for the forthcoming tourism season.The last date for receiving applications for allotment of beach shacks was October 10 and the department received a total of 906 applications, vying for 329 beach shack allotments. North Goa will be permitted 223 beach shacks, while South Goa will have 106 beach shacks.\"The scrutiny of the applications has begun and the lottery for allotment of shacks (to the successful applicants) will be done immediately after scrutiny is completed, said Hanumant Parsekar, deputy director of tourism.This year, the process for allotment has been postponed due to delay in unveiling of the shack policy. The shack policy for the season from October 2012 to May 2013 has been opposed by the shack owners.The license fees for the A-stretch beaches such as Calangute, Candolim, Majorda, Colva and Benaulim is 40,000 and the fees for the B-stretch beaches such as Morjim, Anjuna, Arambol, Utorda and Palolem is 25,000.This year, the government has indicated that there will be stricter enforcement of license conditions and those found violating license conditions will lose their licenses. Relaxation is likely on certain conditions in the policy that have been opposed by the shack owners such as installation of CCTV cameras in the shacks.John Lobo, general secretary of the Shack Owners Welfare Society, said the shack owners applied for licenses based on the assurances that have been given to them by chief minister Manohar Parrikar . Lobo said that Parrikar had assured shack owners that he will reverse the decision to reduce the number of shacks in the Calangute stretch, and increase the size of the shacks to 20m x 10m from 16m x 8m. This year, the number of shacks at Calangute has been reduced from 106, permitted last year, to 95. Candolim will have 71 beach shacks as compared to 76 permitted last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776610", "title": "UPA govt has been responsible for monumental corruption: Rudy", "text": "PANAJI: Bharatiya Janata Party's national spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy on Thursday said that prime minister Manmohan Singh's statement wanting investigation agencies to explore anti-graft laws against individuals, is the highest contradiction in the backdrop of several scams light to light in the last five years.Rudy, speaking to media persons in Panaji, alleged that \"The Prime minister himself has been responsible for monumental corruption.\"Rudy also said that the BJP wants to understand exactly what are reforms. \"Is the raising of prices of petrol and diesel, that makes the life of the common man difficult, reform? Is the rising price of an LPG cylinder a reform?\" asked Rudy.The BJP also reiterated the demand that the prime minister should step down and all 145 coal blocks should be cancelled.Rudy accused the government of using the central bureau of investigation ( CBI) against the Bahujan Samaj Party and Samajwadi Party to remain in power. \"The government has lost the mandate in parliament through numbers\", he added.Commenting on allegations against Robert Vadra, son-in-law of all India congress committee president Sonia Gandhi , Rudy said that this gives ample evidence how individuals have become multi-billionaires within a span of seven years. \"But the fact remains that the needle of suspicion points towards the Nehru-Gandhi family today\", he said.Rudy also said that \"if our obstructing parliament adds to the wealth of the nation, BJP will do it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16775971", "title": "Amitav Ghosh, Thayil in Kolkata Literary Meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Come January and book lovers will be in for a double treat. Besides the Kolkata Book Fair, the second edition of the Kolkata Literary Meet (KLM) will see top-notch authors sharing stage. While Amitav Ghosh, Jeet Thayil, Shashi Tharoor and Amish Tripathi have agreed to be a part of the literary meet, Amartya Sen is yet to give his nod.Known to be a writer who has always avoided lit meets, giving even the giant Jaipur Literary Festival a miss, Ghosh agreed to attend KLM probably because of his city connection.This is surely good news for those who had devoured the Sea of Poppies and the River of Smoke, two books from the author's Ibis trilogy - they will get a chance to hear the author discuss at length about the third book in the series.Besides, Jeet Thayil, Shashi Tharoor and Amartya Sen will be part of the event also for the first time. Organisers were negotiating with Sen for his dates till late on Thursday night as he landed in Delhi. If he finally makes it to the KLM, this will probably be his first visit to the book fair.All eyes are also on Thayil, who shot to fame after the Man Booker Award shortlisted him for this year's prize to be declared on Tuesday. Thayil's debut novel, Narcopolis, written about opium abusers of Mumbai, has generated a lot of interest among readers of Indo-Anglican authors. Thayil had himself been an addict at one point, something that helps him portray vivid descriptions of the Mumbai underworld.Tharoor is likely to reveal his plans for his forthcoming books at the KLM. has just confirmed to the organizers of KLM about his participation and is also likely to reveal plans for his forthcoming books.For sometime now, there has been a lot of conjecture on whether he would write a story about his experience during his days at St Xavier's College.Amish Tripathi, popular for his Meluha series based on Lord Shiva, will also be present at KLM. He had come to the Meet last year too and had spoken at several sessions to packed audiences.The high point of KLM will be the conversation between Amitav Ghosh and renowned professor of English, Sukanta Chaudhuri. The conversation has been christened, 'Ibis In Mid Voyage', and Chaudhuri will lead Ghosh onto his unfinished journey.\"The KLM has been sponsored this time by software giant Google. The Meet will take place at a pavilion that will be called the Google Dome and will have infrastructure of international standards,\" said Malvika Banerjee of Game Plan, organizer of KLM.Your are in for a treat if you're one of those who has devoured the Sea of Poppies and the River of Smoke, the two books from the Ibis trilogy of Amitav Ghosh, and is waiting for the third book's release. The author has agreed to be part of the Kolkata Literary Meet (KLM) in January and is expected to talk at length about the much awaited third book. Known to be a writer who has always avoided lit meets, giving even the giant Jaipur Literary Festival a miss, it was said that Ghosh had probably agreed to come here because of his city connection. The KLM started as part of the Kolkata Book Fair in January this year, on the lines of the Jaipur festival, which is the country's debut attempt at such meets.There are three other heavyweights, already lined up for KLM this time - Jeet Thayil, Shashi Tharoor and Amartya Sen. Organisers were negotiating with Sen for his dates till late on Thursday night as he landed in Delhi. If he finally makes it to the KLM, which is in its second edition, this will probably be his first visit to the book fair.All eyes are also on Thayil, who shot to fame after the Man Booker Award shortlisted him for this year's prize to be declared on Tuesday. Thayil's debut novel, Narcopolis, written about opium abusers of Mumbai, has generated a lot of interest among avid readers of Indo-Anglican authors. Thayil had himself been an addict at one point, something that helps him portray vivid descriptions of the Mumbai underworld.The high point of KLM will be the conversation between Amitav Ghosh and renowned professor of English, Sukanta Chaudhuri. The conversation has been christened, 'Ibis In Mid Voyage', and Chaudhuri will lead Ghosh onto his unfinished journey.Tharoor has just confirmed to the organizers of KLM about his participation and is also likely to reveal plans for his forthcoming books. For sometime now, there has been a lot of conjecture about whether Tharoor would write a story about his experience during his days at St Xavier's College. Amish Tripathi, who has shot to fame with his Meluha series based on Lord Shiva, will also be present at KLM. He had come to the Meet last year too and had spoken at several sessions to packed audiences.\"The KLM has been sponsored this time by software giant Google. The Meet will happen at a pavilion that will be called the Google Dome and will have infrastructure of international standards,\" said Malvika Banerjee of Game Plan, organizer of KLM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777232", "title": "Teacher scored zeroes in subject she teaches", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration might claim that the city is an education hub, but a complaint against a teacher of Government Model Senior Secondary School in Sector 26 shows the other side of the coin.A Panchkula resident sent a complaint against teacher Preeti Bansal to education secretary V K Singh, claiming she had scored three '0's in MA/Msc (mathematics) in first semester. This is the same subject she has been teaching to the school students.Following the plaint, education secretary asked the director public instructions (schools) to check the performance and past records of the teacher.\"This is a reflection of kind of education our children in government schools are getting. MA might not be a requirement for getting a job as a teacher but it shows how well the teacher knows the subject she is imparting education in,\" said the complainant.However, the education secretary refused to comment on the point of quality education being imparted to the students. He said there can be many reasons why the teacher failed.\"It is just the result of one semester and so we cannot say the teacher does not know her subject. She might have taken the exam to enhance her qualification but may be she could not prepare well or give the exam due to some reason. I have asked the DPI to look for her documents and performance records. For now, it is too early to jump to conclusions,\" he said.Director public instructions (schools) Upkar Singh said, \"I am not aware of the case as yet. Untill it comes before me I cannot comment.\"The teacher could not be contacted for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16774405", "title": "House panel unhappy over poor development of tribals in Lohardaga", "text": "Lohardaga: The Scheduled caste/Scheduled Tribe welfare subcommittee of the state assembly expressed dissatisfaction over tribal development in Lohardaga district.On their two-day visit, the committee chairman cum Khunti MLA Neelkanth Singh Munda and member cum Bishunpur MLA Chamra Linda reviewed works of Lohardaga district administration in a meeting with administrative officials on Wednesday and also visited some places to witness development of the tribals in the district.The welfare subcommittee said the administrative officials failed to provide them with detailed data on almost every department. Munda said,\"They replied vaguely to almost all the queries about the welfare work done in the area. They also failed to give us complete data of the work done as well as the list of beneficiaries. So the meeting did not reach any conclusion. We will report to the assembly speaker and government the work culture in the district which in my opinion lags behind in comparison to other districts.\"Linda said no representative of the police department attended the meet which is an act of ignoring the assembly. He said, \"We will recommend action against police and report its absence to the speaker as well as the other concerned wings of the government including the CM.\"The members expressed anger over poor implementation of Rajeev Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana which is yet to electrify 56 out of total 354 villages in the district. The committee has ordered the DDC to send a detailed report of the work done under the project with details of beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775544", "title": "I-T raids: Rs 45cr undisclosed income found", "text": "JAIPUR: The income tax (IT) department's search and seizure operation of two business groups led to surrender of Rs 45.01 crore as undisclosed income. The operation was carried out at 20 premises of the two assessee groups on Wednesday morning which ended on Thursday noon involving 150 officials.One of the groups involved in the business of precious and semi-precious stones, money lending activity, real estate, hotel and civil construction surrendered Rs 18.51 crore on account of undisclosed income. Twelve premises of the group including one in Mumbai and Jaisalmer were investigated by the IT sleuths. During the search incriminating documents were found with respect to various business activities.The second group where the search and survey operations were conducted is engaged in the business of trading and manufacturing of iron and steel products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775700", "title": "Man with 250 cartridges held at Gangapur station", "text": "JAIPUR: The government railway police (GRP) has arrested a man for illegally possessing 250 cartridges when he was boarding the Amritsar-Mumbai train from the Gangapur City railway station in Sawai Madhopur district on Wednesday afternoon. The accused had hidden the cartridges in a belt tied around his chest and was nabbed before he could board the train. GRP has not ruled out the association of accused with Maoists in Madhya Pradesh.At 12.10 am on Thursday a team of GRP at the Gangapur City railway station which is on the Delhi-Mumbai rail route spotted a man moving around suspiciously. While boarding the general class of the train, the youth started running away.\"We chased and nabbed him and checked him properly. It was later found that he had tied a belt on his chest with 250 cartridges hidden there. The man was identified as Rajesh alias Mangilal (20) and a case under appropriate sections of IPC and Arms Act were filed,\" said Kishan Lal Meena, station house officer, GRP, Gangapur City on Thursday.GRP suspects that as the accused hails from Gandwani village of Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh, he could have been working as 'courier' among the ammunition dealers of Sawai Madhopur and the Maoists in Madhya Pradesh.\"In the primary interrogation so far the youth told us that a local in Gangapur City had provided him 250 cartridges and had asked him to deliver it to a man in Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh. Thus, we have also contacted the MP police to provide us with information on the youth especially if he was involved in Maoist activities in Madhya Pradesh,\" said Vineeta Vijayvargiya, deputy superintendent of police, GRP.A joint team comprising of the local police and GRP are interrogating the accused. \"We produced him before a local court and have taken him in police remand for six days to find out various things including - where did he get the ammunition from, where was he going to deliver it and is he a member of any arms dealer gang,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775816", "title": "Women authors woo readers at book fair", "text": "LUCKNOW: Women writers seems to be getting thumbs up in the ongoing National Book Fair, as book lovers are picking up books penned down by women over the male writers. If publishers are to be believed, books written by Taslima Nasrin are dominating the demand chart. \"More than 150 copies of Nasrin's Lajja have been sold. We have asked for more copies of the book,\" said Atul Maheswari, a book-seller. He added that other books written by Nasrin are also in demand.Another book seller, Kalpanath Prasad said, \"From fiction to cookery to gardening, women authors are a hit among the bibliophiles. Almost everyone, who walks into the stall, asks for books written by Ayn Rand and Arundhati Roy. They are also demanding material by Pankaj Bhaudoria.\" Besides, LJ Smith's Vampire Diaries is also very popular among the book lovers at the book fair. People are also buying books written by Shobha De. \"Her books are different from other writers and are humorous,\" said Sapna Agarwal, a student.On why women are inclined towards reading books of women authors, Richa Gupta, a teacher said, \"They express the plight and feelings of women better as compared to male writers. Works of female writers enable us to connect with the society. We develop an emotional bond with the characters of the story.\" Endorsing similar views, Manju Srivastava, a housewife said, \"Female writers pick up the bold issues faced by women in the society. They fight for equality in the society.\"Books written by Indian authors such as Manu Bhandari are also high in demand. Bhandari's 'Ek Kahani Rah Bhi' and 'Maha Bhoj' is selling like hot cakes. Books 'Meri Priye Kahaniya' by Nasrina Sharma and 'Guriya Bhitar Guriya' by Maitrei Pushpa are doing brisk business. While adults are picking Aashapurna Devi's 'Galat Train Mein' and 'Kasauti' and Sudha Murti's 'Dadi Amma Kahe Kahani', teenagers are hooked to books like 'Life is What You Make of It' by Preeti Shenoy , 'In Pursuit of Infidelity' by Sujata Parashar, and 'Wrong means right end' by Varsha Dixit.Besides, books on women empowerment like 'Bhartiye Shikhar Mahilaye' and 'Nobel Purashkar Vijeta Mahilaye' by Chitra Garg also translated into good business. Ashok Shukla, sales executive of a publishing house said, \"Women who have reached height of success are considered as a source of inspiration. People like to read about their struggle and how they reached at pinnacle of their career.\"Abhinav, owner of a book stall said, \"Young boys are not into reading and if they read, they have confined themselves to the books on technology but girls love to read almost all types of books.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774721", "title": "SIT seeks Simi activist's remand", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sleuths of Special Investigation (SIT) on Thursday filed a petition before the 12th additional chief metropolitan magistrate pleading for a Prisoner's Transit Warrant to remand the alleged Indian Mujahideen (IM) activist Afaq Iqbal aka Danish Riyaz in Simi activities case.According to sources, in 2011 the sleuths of Central Crime Station have registered a case against Afaq Iqbal, an alleged activist of outlawed Simi and also the Indian Mujahideen (IM) for subversive activities along with his associate Dr Abu Faisal during his stay in Hyderabad from 2008-2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhina", "code": "16777400", "title": "No let-up in cases of sexual harassment", "text": "LUDHINA: UT police's campaign against sexual harassment has failed to contain the menace, as five more cases were reported on Tuesday and Wednesday. Besides, the drive which the police top brass had started off with a bang by visiting girls' colleges and Panjab University has fizzled out in no time.One of the five complainants, who is in her early 20s, told cops that a car driver mouthed obscenities at her near Sector 17 ISBT. The police have arrested the accused, Jaspal Singh, a resident of Derabassi, after tracing him through his car's registration number.In the second case, the police arrested Simrat Pal Singh of Mohali after the daughter of a cop alleged that occupants of a car sexually harassed and threatened her in Sector 40.Another woman lodged a complaint that three youths on a motorcycle tried to outrage her modesty late on Tuesday night. \"The incident took place near sectors 32-33 roundabout. We will soon nab the miscreants who were riding a Haryana registration number motorcycle,\" said a cop.A resident of Sector 26, too, has filed a complaint against an unidentified man for threatening and teasing her on phone. In the fifth case, a teenager of Sector 37 told the cops that two youths on a bike sexually harassed her as she was going to the area market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775291", "title": "Counterfeiter held again for printing fake rupees", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old man, who went underground five years ago after being declared a proclaimed offender, has been arrested for his alleged involvement in printing counterfeit currency and circulating it. Tejender, a resident of Moti Nagar in west Delhi, used to print currency notes of Rs 50 and Rs 100 denominations, said cops. He was caught near Chhatrapati Shivaji Park in Basai Darapur.Police said Tejender was first arrested in 2000 in connection with an auto-lifting case. Fake Indian currency printed in Pakistan was then recovered from him and his associates, police said. He was again taken into police custody in 2002 for planning a robbery and more than 10 stolen vehicles were recovered from his gang.\"After he was released on bail in 2004, he bought a computer and a printer. He began to print the notes at home\", said S B S Tyagi, deputy commissioner of police (crime).Tejender was arrested for the third time in 2005. Two years later, he came out of jail and never attended the court proceedings again. He joined one Vinod and Alka Grover and again began printing fake Indian currencies with them. While Vinod and Alka were arrested in April this year, Tejender, who had been declared a proclaimed offender, managed to give cops a slip.\"During interrogation of the accused, police found out that every time he had come out of jail, he did not contact old associates. He was hiding in Punjab and was working as an operator of a construction machine. However, he was hurt in an accident and was back in Delhi to earn easy money,\" Tyagi said. Tejender then concentrated on printing the fakes with the face value of Rs 50 and Rs 100 as people usually do not check these notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777089", "title": "UPA government worse than 'dacoits of Madhya Pradesh': Gadkari", "text": "BHOPAL: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Thursday said Congress-led UPA government was worse than \"dacoits of Madhya Pradesh\".\"The dacoits of Madhya Pradesh were better than the Congress-led government at the Centre...a Rs 4.38 lakh crore scam was unheard of before,\" Gadkari said.He was addressing 'Yuva Sankalp' bike rally organised by the youth wing of BJP to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekanand here.\"The list of scams (which took place during UPA regime) is long...Rs 76,000 crore CWG scam, Rs 1.86 lakh crore coal scam and 1.76 lakh crore 2G scam. Had anyone heard of such figures of scams before?\" Gadkari said.\"These are the figures not given by any BJP leader, but the Comptroller and Auditor General. Congress has no concern for the people of the country,\" he said.Inflation was soaring because of the rampant corruption, he said.Gadkari also said the country's dependence on crude oil import should decrease, and people should embrace alternatives such as ethanol-mixed petrol, as in Brazil.\"Instead of emptying alcohol bottles in your stomach, it would be better if you pour them into the fuel tank of your vehicle to reduce dependence on import of crude,\" the BJP chief jokingly said.The 21st century belonged to India, but the people must put \"knowledgeable leaders\" at the helm of affairs, he said.He praised Madhya Pradesh government for its schemes such as Ladli Laxmi and Teerth-Darshan, and for the 18 per cent growth rate in the agriculture sector.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said on this occasion that his government was committed to providing round-the-clock power to the villages by 2013, and urged the youth to take advantage of it by setting up village-based industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775380", "title": "Varsha Bhosle suicide: Brother asked for statement", "text": "MUMBAI: The Gamdevi police, probing the suicide of Varsha, daughter of singer Asha Bhosle , has sent letters to the residence of Varsha's younger brother, Anand, asking him to give his statement in the case.Varsha (56), a divorcee, shot herself dead on Sunday midnight. None of here family members were present at home at the time of the incident. \"We have recorded Asha Bhosle's statement. Now, we have sent letters to Anand to come and give his statement. He was not in India at the time of the incident,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775279", "title": "Delhi Police arrest Indian Mujahideen trio behind Pune serial blasts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed with the information provided by 26/11 mastermind Abu Jundal, Delhi Police busted a gang of Indian Mujahideen (IM) terrorists which carried out the serial blasts in Pune in August and had planned to attack Delhi and Bodh Gaya during the coming festival season.Announcing the arrests of Asad Khan, Imran Khan and Sayed Feroz, all belonging to Maharashtra, Delhi Police chief Neeraj Kumar said the IM cell carried out the serial bomb attacks in Pune on August 1 to avenge the killing of Qateel Siddiqui in Pune's Yerwada Jail. Siddiqui was an accused in the terror attack on Delhi's Jama Masjid, Pune's German Bakery and explosions at Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium. Siddiqui was killed by jail inmates after he provoked them by boasting about his plan to attack a famous temple in Pune.Kumar said the troika was working to create mayhem in the capital during Diwali celebrations. \"Delhi has been saved from a major attack which they were planning and Pune blast case has been solved,\" Kumar told reporters.Sources said they had planned to target at least seven crowded places in Delhi. The terrorists, who came to Delhi after a period of hiding in Roorkee to dodge the police hunt after the Pune blasts, was carrying 5kg of explosives and 10 detonators as part of the plot to explode at least 10 bombs in Delhi and the pilgrim city of Bodh Gaya in Bihar. Circuits, 9-volt batteries, ball bearings, nails, shrapnel and other material used to make IEDs were part of the cache recovered from the jihadi troika.Asad and Imran were arrested from their Pul Prahladpur accommodation on September 26 while Feroz was arrested on October 1 from Nizamuddin railway station when he came here to join the other two.The arrests happened just before the beginning of the shradh period when Bodh Gaya is teeming with people from across the country.The trio's ring leader is IM commander Fayyaz Ahmed Kagzi, mastermind of several terror attacks who has begun to rival the prominence of other IM commanders, including the Bhatkal brothers Riyaz and Iqbal, in anti-India jihadi circles.The arrests from Pul Prahladpur \u2014 a tough neighbourhood on the capital's outskirts \u2014 were made possible because of the trove of information extracted from Jundal during his interrogation in May-June after the 26/11 mastermind was brought here from Saudi Arabia. Jundal, who was recruited by Kagzi for the Lashkar-e-Taiba's terror operations, had given his interrogators the phone numbers and other coordinates of IM operatives.According to sources, one of the mobile numbers provided by him gave them the lead resulting in the crucial arrests of the Pune bombers: something which underscored the significance of the arrest of the jihadi who guided the 26/11 attackers from the Lashkar control room in Karachi. One of the arrested persons, Asad, is allegedly linked also to the Aurangabad arms haul case in which Jundal is also an accused.Addressing a press conference, the Delhi police chief said, \"We tracked more information on Kagzi. These people were in touch with Kagzi, so we managed to arrest them when they were here in Delhi.\"The arrests are significant in that they point to the extensive network that IM has acquired in Maharashtra. Also, it is the second instance where the Delhi Police has stolen a march over their Maharashtra counterparts, already smarting over the former's alleged encroachment on their turf and because the Intelligence Bureau chose to hand over Jundal to Delhi Police.The credit for the arrests of the three alleged terrorists belonging to Maharashtra would have been theirs, had the IB preferred to hand over Jundal to them first.Delhi Police stumbled upon the IM module by tracing their phone calls and email conversations with their contacts, suspected to be the Bhatkal brothers and Kagzi in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.Sources said it was Riyaz Bhatkal who asked the Pune bombers to move from Roorkee to Delhi before the festival season, and asked one Raju Bhai to arrange a hideout. Delhi Police is now looking for Raju Bhai.Importantly, the arrested trio, sources said, do not know much about him, having met him only once at Nehru Place on September 20 when he took them to their Pul Prahladpur flat.Special Commissioner of Police (Special Cell) S N Srivastava said the arrested trio have been booked under Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA), Explosives Act and for criminal conspiracy under the IPC.He said, \"Our investigation into possible attacks on Delhi were going on since Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal disclosed in May-June about Lashkar's design. We developed information and found that Fayyaz Kagzi was in touch with Riyaz Bhatkal and some Indian Mujahideen members were likely to set up a base in Delhi to carry out blasts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777283", "title": "Of the first gold medalist and his legacy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Having appeared in the first ever BA exams conducted by Punjab University in Lahore, he was the maiden gold medalist in 1884. Panjab Univeristy's foundation day would bring alive memories of Ruchi Ram Sahni, the meritorious student, who later became a professor of chemistry. The legacy continued with his son Birbal Sahni becoming a professor of botany and later his grandson, Ashok Sahni, a professor of geology. All the three have been reputed scientists, with Ashok being an emeritus professor with PU.\"My grandfather was an exceptional person. It is not often emphasized but apart from academics, he was actively involved in political movements, including the Quit India Movement. In order to be financially more secure, he started an industry to make scientific instruments,\" said Ashok, who is 71.Terming him a practical man, Ashok explains how Ruchi Ram was an idol for him and others. \"His elder brother was a doctor and another one was a barrister. Ruchi Ram was not just confined to academics but was aware of what was happening around,\" said Ashok.\"I have vague memories of my childhood at Lahore. He taught me a crucial lesson when I was five,\" he said. Once as a child, Ashok was fiddling with his grandfather's documents in his room. He then made a boat out of them and started floating them in a tub. \"When my grandfather came back home, he smiled and narrated a story to my mother and me,\" Ashok said. \"It went something like this \u2014 two brothers were given one watch each by their father. One brother kept it safely, while the other opened all its parts to see how it worked. My grandfather said that it was better to do something with it than just keep it,\" he recalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16776563", "title": "Maharashtra cops deny liquor smuggling", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem excise officials have lodged a court case against ten officials of the Maharashtra police who were detained for illegally carrying liquor worth 90,000 at Patradevi checkpoint in Pernem.The Maharashtra police team, returning to Mumbai after escorting RBI cash containers, was intercepted by the Pernem police on March 15 at Patradevi and 10 officials of Maharashtra police, including PI Shivaji Raut, were detained.Excise officials said, during the incident, the accused had accepted that they were carrying liquor which was seized.Later, the accused claimed that they were not involved in the illegality.\"As the accused did not accept to being involved in the crime, the case could not be disposed off by the excise officials who have to now approach the court to prove the accusations,\" a senior excise official said.The commissioner of excise had issued a showcause notice to the Maharashtra police officials involved as to why the seized liquor and vehicle should not be attached.According to the notice issued, the accused violated the provisions of Section 4, Section 5, Section 8 read with Rule 19 of Goa Excise Duty Act and Rules, 1964.The showcause notice states as to why action as per the Goa Excise Duty Act and Rules, 1964, should not be initiated against the police personnel and why the minibus and liquor should not be confiscated in favour of the Goa government.The Pernem excise office has lodged a complaint at the judicial magistrate first class, Pernem.The two initial hearings were postponed due to technical errors. The next hearing is slated for October 12.Hindu Swarajya Pratishthan, a Mumbai-based organization, had also served a notice on Goa's director general of police seeking suspension of PI CL Patil for collusion with the policemen from Maharashtra in smuggling liquor across the state border.According to the notice served, friendship between PI Patil and the arrested police inspector let the offenders go scot free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775220", "title": "Musical tribute to slain scribe Daniel Pearl on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: Five-year-old Jordan Pinto, a Class I student of St Stanislaus School in Bandra, is practicing a unique musical tribute to Daniel Pearl, the Wall Street Journal scribe who was beheaded by the Taliban in Pakistan. Jordan is the youngest singer from Mumbai to join a memorial that is taking place worldwide throughout Pearl's birth month of October.The parents of the deceased writer, through the Daniel Pearl Foundation, host the Annual Daniel Pearl World Music Days to commemorate his birthday on October 10. In Mumbai, Fort restaurant Soul Fry Casa will host the event on Sunday, October 14, from 12 noon to 4pm. Well-known musicians and singers from the city, including a cappella groups, duos, trios, soloists, choral singers and beat boxers will perform throughout the afternoon. The restaurant has devised a special menu at reduced rates in memory of its well-loved patron.\"Jordan will sing 'Sleeping Child', a song he came to love a few months ago when his father played it for him on the computer. I'm not sure he understands the meaning of each line but I am trying to explain it to him,\" said his mother Marushka, who hails from a family of choir singers. The child travels to Bandra every Sunday from his residence in Mahim to train with Alfred D'souza of Stop-Gaps choir.Pearl was based in Mumbai when he was kidnapped while working as the South Asia bureau chief of The Wall Street Journal. He had travelled to Pakistan to investigate the links between 'shoe bomber' Richard Reid and the al-Qaeda.Soul Fry director Meldan D'cunha said, \"Pearl and his wife Mariane were regular patrons at our restaurant when he left for his assignment in Pakistan. He was a keen music lover who played the violin and would often jam here, especially when we held our popular jazz nights. His parents have chosen to observe his birthday as a day of celebration rather than mourning and in a manner reflecting his mild nature and passion for music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774368", "title": "Cabinet OKs tougher indecency legislation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Widening the ambit of the law against indecent portrayal of women, the Union Cabinet on Thursday made forwarding of pornographic multimedia messages from phones and internet liable for stiffer punishment.Amendments to the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986 were cleared, broadening the scope of the audio-visual media and material in electronic form. Once the changes are made, penalties will be enhanced to a maximum of three years of imprisonment and fine of between Rs 50,000 to Rs1 lakh for first conviction, and imprisonment of a minimum of two years and a maximum of seven years with a fine between Rs 1 lakh to Rs 5 lakh for a second conviction.The amendments also propose that police officers above the rank of inspectors will be authorized to carry out search and seizure, in addition to state and central government officers.In a statement, the women and child development ministry which had moved the bill, said, \"These amendments seek to ensure that more effective protection is provided against indecent representation of women by covering newer forms of communication like internet, multimedia messaging beyond the print and audio-visual media. This would aid in addressing the problem of increased objectification of women, thereby ensuring dignity of women.''The Act focuses on indecent representation of women and brings under its ambit references that are derogatory to the dignity of women. The law was enacted with the specific objective of prohibiting indecent representation of women through advertisement, publication, writing and painting or in any other manner.However, over the years, technological revolution resulted in the development of newer forms of communication such as internet and satellite-based communication, multimedia messaging, cable television etc. It, therefore, became imperative to widen the scope of the law so as to cover such forms of media, on one hand, and to strengthen the existing safeguards to prevent indecent representation of women through any such form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16777377", "title": "Doctors form cell to check feticide", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana Obstetrics and Gynecological Society (LOGS), under the guidance of Federation of Obstetrics and Gynecological Societies of India ( FOGSI) has formed Doctors Opposing Sex Selected Termination of Pregnancy ( DOSST) cell at Ludhiana.Dr Neelam Sodhi, secretary of LOGS, said members of the cell include obstetricians, radiologists and sinologists, who are committed against prenatal sex determination and sex selected abortions. She said they will work against the issue of sex selection abortion in liaison with authorities and public. She added that different ideas were discussed to create public awareness and make an impact to control the worsening sex ratio in the region.\"The organization plans to have public awareness campaigns at social and community events. Seminars to guide younger citizens of society to achieve the objectives of boy-girl equality will also be organized,\" said Dr Vaneet Kaur, president of LOGS.\"Some members of the cell earlier met the civil administration and civil surgeon Dr Subhash Batta and apprised them of the formation of the panel. The members also assured support in creating public awareness and attitudinal changes towards sex selection in the society so as to ultimately improve the sex ratio, which is what the PCPNDT Act aims to do\", said Dr Ajay Aggarwal, president of Ludhiana Radiology and Imaging Association (LRIA ).\"Our aim is to spread awareness about the PCPNDT Act among doctors doing ultrasonography,\" said Dr Gini Gupta, a member of the newly formed cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16777499", "title": "They quiz their way to land government jobs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Knowledge is power. The success stories of a group of smart youngsters from Chirayinkeezhu, a village in Thiruvananthapuram district, bear testimony to the adage. In 2005, a handful of youngsters in the area took an initiative to form a quiz club to share knowledge. Now, many members of the Elite Quiz Club have cracked examinations conducted by PSC and gained government jobs.It was the daily train journey of a group of youngsters from Chirayinkeezhu to Thiruvananthapuram that laid the platform to the idea to form a quiz club. The youngsters, who were all preparing for PSC examinations, started sharing their general knowledge during travel.\"Gradually, we began to meet at a common place and discuss GK questions. It shaped up as a daily quiz in which five to 10 people actively participated,\" said Aravind B S, who coordinated the members to start the club. The hard work and team spirit ensured good placement in government service for almost all candidates who took part in the daily quiz programme. Aravind himself is an employee at the secretariat and his friend Rajesh, who is also in the government service, now works as the secretary to MLA Varkala Kahar.Success, as usual, turned out to be the biggest branding exercise for the club. \"Request for membership began to pour in and we had to find an office for the club at Palakkunnu,\" said Aravind. Everyday, the quiz club becomes active by 6pm. Available members group together while one of them will don the mantle of the quiz master. At sharp 6.30, the contest begins. At present, the club has around 200 members. Last year, a separate wing for women began functioning as more women candidates evinced interest in participating in the programme. The women's wing has around 50 active members.\"The lure of a government job attracts youth to our club. Till date, 30 of our members have got appointment in government service. Many others have found place in the existing PSC lists for various jobs,\" said Sivakumar C R, president of the club. A good number of the members of the club, which functions with the patronage of good-hearted individuals and institutions in the area, are from the weaker sections of the society. \"Most of them don't have the means to attend coaching classes conducted by institutes. Here, they can train themselves for tests for free,\" said Rajesh.The success of their club has prompted them to start conducting state-level quiz competition named All Kerala Quiz Challenge. The third edition of the competition will be held on October 14. Teams from across the state will participate in the open challenge and the winner will bag a cash price of Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775351", "title": "Court tells man to pay monthly maintenance of Rs 1,000 to mom", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stating that the \"son cannot be absolved of his responsibility\", a trial court has directed a man to give Rs 1,000 as monthly maintenance to his mother after she alleged that her son was not providing her with any monetary help towards her food, clothing and other needs.Additional sessions judge Savita Rao asked north Delhi resident Gorang Haldar to pay Rs 1,000 as maintenance, on a petition filed by his 74-year-old mother Asha Lata Haldar, challenging a magisterial court order declining her interim maintenance plea.The court gave the relief as a temporary measure till the disposal of her petition by the lower court. \"He can't be presumed to be not working or non-earning and therefore cannot be absolved of his responsibility to maintain his mother.\"Since the petitioner is drawing pension of Rs 1,000 per month, in addition, the respondent is directed to make the payment of Rs 1,000 per month to the petitioner from the date of filing of petition till the disposal of petition before the trial court,\" the judge said.The woman had moved the sessions court challenging the magisterial court decision, which had refused to grant her maintenance. The mother in her plea had claimed maintenance from her son on the ground that he had failed to provide any monetary help towards her food, clothing and other needs.She had also told the court that the pension of Rs 1,000 she receives was not enough to maintain herself. During the course of arguments, it was admitted by the son that he and his family are residing in the house owned by his mother and they are not paying any rent.The son, in reply to his mother's petition, had also said that he is unemployed due to bad health, so his wife and children are contributing towards the households expenses. The court, however, rejected his argument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16775690", "title": "Police recover bank heist booty", "text": "JAISALMER: Jaisalmer Police have recovered the remaining amount of Rs 77.50 lakh out of Rs 83.29 lakh from a pit near the SBI branch from where the theft took place. The accused Subhash, 18, who was arrested at Hanumangarh finally succumbed to police interrogation and gave in.Police had earlier recovered Rs 5.03 lakh from him. The youth was brought here from Hanumangarh late on Wednesday. He was produced in the court on Thursday from where he was sent to police remand for five days.SP Mamta Bishnoi said on October 1, 2012, the SBI manager, Shyam Sunder Rajpurohit, resident of Jwala Vihar Chopasani Road, Jodhpur, in his report on September 28 said after completing the cash work along with the strongroom accountant and cash officer had locked the cash.On October 1, at 9.45 am when bank chest was reopened, the lock of cash cabinet of the strong room was found broken and the money missing. A huge pit (1.5 feet radius) was dug and someone had fled with the booty through the tunnel. The money was kept in three different cabinets. A case was lodged on October 1, 2012 under Sections 457 and 380.Eight teams were formed were headed by deputy SP Ram Singh Meena, Sayar Singh and virendra Singh, SHO. The teams inquired at least 1,000 people, including labourers at various construction sites and they were shot on still and video cams.The police took no chances and even probed history-sheeters. The cash was new and crisp and the currency numbers were circulated to all police stations across Rajasthan and the Central Crime Record and State Crime Record bureaus by the RBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16777547", "title": "Government plan to dump waste at quarries faces resistance", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government will go ahead with the plan to dump waste in the quarries identified even though the people resisted the move on Thursday. A high-level meeting convened by the chief minister decided to convene an all-party meeting to reach a consensus on the issue and to convince the people.Following the protest, the government decided not to shift the garbage to the quarries in haste and to wait till the all-party meeting is over. \"We respect the concerns of the people and we will proceed only after convincing them,\" said chief minister Oommen Chandy .On Thursday morning a team of corporation officials tried to visit a quarry at Kalladichavila, near Chengottukonam in the outskirts of the city, which was resisted by the local people. A massive group, including children and women , blocked the road preventing the officials from reaching the spot.The people said that the decision to dump the garbage had been taken without consulting them. The siege was called off following assurance from the officials that the garbage would be shifted to the quarry only after holding proper discussion with the people's representatives there. The government had decided to shift the garbage to the 20 select quarries on the outskirts of the city as the garbage piles inside city have become the source of communicable diseases spreading in the corporation limits.Following the people's protest, the chief minister convened a high-level meeting to monitor the situation. In the meeting it was decided to convince the people that there would not be any health hazard and there would not be any harm for the ground water in the locality. All steps would be taken to ensure adequate safety. \"The government will ensure that there is no ecological damage to the area where the quarries are located,\" said urban affairs minister Manjilamkuzhi Ali. A sanitary landfill will be done once in three months and one quarry will not be used on a permanent basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775326", "title": "Karnataka rejects Cauvery Monitoring Committee fiat to give Tamil Nadu 26 tmcft of water", "text": "BANGALORE: The Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC) on Thursday directed Karnataka to release a total of 25.82 tmcft of water to Tamil Nadu from October 15 to January 31, 2013. The state had stopped releasing water on October 8.Karnataka rejected the order, which says it must release 8.75 tmcft from October 15 to October 31. Chief secretary S V Ranganath, representing Karnataka at the CMC meeting in New Delhi, said water cannot be released from the Cauvery basin dams, and that Tamil Nadu has to depend on rain in the catchment area and the northeast monsoon.The CMC, headed by the secretary to the water resources ministry, is an advisory body to the Cauvery River Authority (CRA). The CRA generally ratifies the CMC's recommendations.As TN has filed a contempt petition in the SC, and Puducherry has sought 1,000 cusecs of water, the going won't be easy for Karnataka.When the CMC meeting began, the central expert team which studied the prevailing conditions in both Karnataka and TN, submitted a report that says storage in the Karnataka reservoirs was very low.The TN officials sought the release of backlog water, besides 15 tmcft of water from October 15 to 31.In his presentation, Ranganath explained the deficit rainfall of 48%, drought in 44 taluks of the Cauvery basin, and severe shortage of water for irrigation and drinking.After hearing both sides, the Union water secretary said Karnataka should release 9.47 tmcft in November, 6.12 tmcft in December and 1.48 tmcft in January, besides 8.55 tmcft in October. To this, Ranganath reportedly said: \"There is no water in our reservoirs. If it rains in the catchment areas, then water will flow to Tamil Nadu.''Reacting to the CMC directive, Cauvery Protection Committee chief G Made Gowda in Mandya said there is no question of releasing any water to TN. \"We have no water. Whether it is the CMC, PM or the court, we cannot release water.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16777779", "title": "Power crisis affecting academic performance in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: School and college students in Trichy district complain that the unscheduled power cuts have severely impinged upon their academic performance. Educational institutions too have cried foul against the government for ineffective steps to generate adequate power.Students say they are struggling to plan their study time as the power supply is unavailable for nearly 16 hours everyday. Moreover, since the power interruptions are unscheduled, it caused severe inconvenience to them in the classroom as well as at home.\"Our students are bleary-eyed in school because of a disturbed sleep at home due to the power cuts. Hence, many are not able to concentrate on their studies. Students who cannot afford inverters at home are unable to complete their homework as well. Hence, we have to allow them to do their homework in class instead. The government should at least buy electricity from other states until our own projects become operational,\" says Fr R Sahayaraj, correspondent of the Jegan Matha Matriculation School, KK Nagar in Trichy.Teachers say many students have performed poorly in the recently concluded quarterly examination because of the power crisis. Not just government schools, but private schools as well have been shying away from power generators due to the high expense involved. Meanwhile, laboratories at schools remain unusable due to frequent power failures. Students studying in class 10 and 12 say they are worried about their upcoming board exams.A Aarifa, principal of the Adam's Matriculation Higher Secondary School, near Trichy airport told TOI, \"It is a very difficult time. Students are not able to revise their subjects at home due to the power cuts. In school, they are unable to make use of the computer labs as the power supply is inconsistent.\" Similarly, schools that have 'Educomp' (teaching subjects through audio and video system) cannot make use of the facility. \"The 'Educomp' system remains unused for teaching subjects to the students,\" says K Somasundari, principal, Sri Karpaga Vinayagar Matriculation Higher Secondary School, KK Nagar, Trichy.Last year, the government had arranged for hired generators in schools during the annual examination. Some school officials believed that such measures could temporarily help solve the problem of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16778456", "title": "Forest dept explains investigation progress before Vigilance Court", "text": "THRISSUR: The vigilance inquiry commissioner and vigilance judge (Thrissur) V Bhaskaran on Thursday posted the case related to the recovery of ivory tusks from Malayalam film star Mohanlal's residence to October 29 for further hearing.The legal advisor for the Forest Department submitted the government's explanation on the incident before the court. The forest officials said in its four-page explanation that the investigation into the case is being progressed.As per the case diary, it was Krishnakumar, another accused in the case, who handed over the elephant tusks to Mohanlal to keep it at his house and Krishnakumar got the tusks from a member of the Cochin Royal Family. The Forest officials suggested that a case in this regard can be charged in the Perumbavur Judicial Magistrate Court once the investigation into the case is over.However, the officials did not mention anything about Forest Minister KB Ganesh Kumar in the explanation note. Ganesh Kumar is alleged to have misused his office by writing a letter to Union Minister of State for Environment and Forests Jayanthi Natarajan requesting to relax the provisions in the Union Ministry directive with an aim to save Mohanlal from the case. The Court on September 27 had sought an explanation from Forest Minister Ganesh Kumar and forest officials for not taking action in the case while considering the petition of Anil Kumar of Kottayam.On September 27, the Thrissur vigilance court had issued notice to the State government in connection with the seizure of ivory tusks from Malayalam film star Mohanlal's residence during an IT raid in July 2011. The petitioner has alleged that the IT sleuths had actually recovered 19 ivory tusks from the house of Mohanlal situated in Kochi during the raid held following reports that the actor amassed wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income. However, in the first information report (FIR) submitted 11 months after the raid the investigation team mentioned that they recovered only a pair of elephant tusks from Mohanlal's residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775686", "title": "Man murders wife for visiting ex-husband, kids", "text": "JAIPUR: A man battered to death his 40-year-old wife and then hid her body under the bed in their rented accommodation in Kota's Maqbara area on Sunday. However, the incident came to light only on Wednesday night when the accused himself came to the police station and confessed.The near decomposed body was sent for post mortem.According to the police, the accused was irked over the woman's frequent visits to her ex-husband and children. The woman, Reshma, whose original name was Pushpa, had married the man, Abdul Rafeeq alias Guddu a year ago. Her ex-husband Kailash lives in Kota's Nagar Nigam Colony. She had changed her name after marrying Guddu.\"Reshma had two sons and a daughter from her first husband. She used to visit the children which had become a bone of contention between her and Guddu. They would frequently fight over this. Guddu didn't want her to visit her ex-husband. However, she refused to accept this saying that she had to see her children,\" said a police officer.The officer said that Guddu and Reshma lived in a rented accommodation near Saiyed Baba Ghat area. \"Guddu told us that he had a fight with his wife on Sunday. He used a hammer to hit her on head in a fit of rage. She died due to serious injuries and excessive bleeding,\" said the officer.Guddu allegedly hid the body under the bed, locked the room and wandered around for four days before voluntarily coming to the Maqbara police station on Wednesday. \"The room was filled with foul smell. There were nearly a dozen other tenants living in the same house. However, nobody noticed it,\" said the officer.The police conducted a forensic examination of the spot. The post mortem will be conducted on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777133", "title": "He will kill me if granted bail: Chastity lock victim", "text": "INDORE: Fear cuts deeper than swords, wrote George RR Martin in his book 'A Game of Thrones' which truly depicts the story of the chastity lock victim in Indore. Fear writ large on the face, the victim was seen wandering on the court premises on Wednesday. She was running helter-skelter in search of someone who could deny any chance of her husband getting a bail.Albeit, the bail plea of the man accused of locking her genitals was rejected a day before, but she was unaware of the fact. The scared woman rushed to the district court when she received information that her husband was coming out on bail. However, she had little idea about how to oppose the release of Sohanlal, her husband, who made her life hell and locked her genitals for four long years.She told ToI that she will not let her husband come out at any cost. However, family members of Sohanlal are asking her to fall in line and help him in getting bail if she wanted to avoid facing dire consequences.\"They are trying to convince me that I should help him just because he is my husband. He is a sinner and if he comes out on bail, he will kill me. Even after all these incidents, he blames me that I am into a relationship with my son,\" she said, adding that he is not a God-fearing person.When contacted, advocate Rajiv Kumar Sharma said that the bail application of Sohanlal had been already rejected in the court of seventh additional session judge Savita Dubey. \"I am not appointed to fight the criminal case. When the victim approached me, on humanitarian grounds, I went to the court and found that her husband's bail plea had already been rejected by the court a day before.\"The victim's genital was locked by her husband Sohanlal, resident of Moosakhedi. Around three months ago, she consumed poison , when the accused threatened her to rape their girl child. After consuming poison, she was rushed to MY Hospital where the doctors noticed the lock. Her husband was later jailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16776132", "title": "Shreeram Sena district chief Dawane murdered", "text": "GONDIA: Gondia district president of Shreeram Sena Dharamdas Dawane (29), a resident of Das Kholi of Gondia, was shot dead by five to six persons who had come on a unknown four wheeler around midnight on Tuesday. An offence has been registered against five youths, out which two have been arrested. The suspected car used in this crime is also reported to have been traced.On the fateful day, Dawane was returning home at about 11 pm. While he was under the bridge, his vehicle ran out of petrol. While he was waiting for the person who had gone to bring petrol, some youths got down from a car and fired at him with a country-made gun and attacked him with sharp weapons. Dawane died on the spot and the assailants fled by the same vehicle.One of the assailants was identified as Chotu Ganeem Khan of Laxminagar and an offence was registered against him. Annu Karrier of Daskhili, Abakai Agrahari of Newminagar, Golu and Raju Tiwari of Gajanan Colony Gondia are the other accused. Golu and Tiwari have been arrested. On the next day, a white Tata Sumo was found abandoned in Sawari village, about 8km from Gondia in which some weapons, sticks and stones were found.Police suspect that this could have been the vehicle which was used in this crime. The murder seems to be out of dispute over property or money lending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16775102", "title": "In-form Swapnil Dhopade aims to become Grandmaster by year-end", "text": "Nagpur: For last few months, Swapnil Dhopade has been living the dream. The Amravati youngster first won the Youth Chess tournament in Kolkata in the second week of August followed by another triumph at Aurangabad during the National U-25 Championship on August 28.Buoyed by the back-to-back titles, Swapnil put up a sterling performance in the ongoing National Premier Chess Championship being played at Kolkata to bag his first Grandmaster norm (GM) on Wednesday.International Master Swapnil, who turned 22 on October 5, didn't get much time for a birthday bash but he did left mark in the tournament with some extraordinary results. So far, Swapnil has remained unbeaten with 6 points in nine rounds. Initially he was leading the points tally but now he is a joint second.\"The last few weeks have been very good for me. I am in good form and making it count with some excellent results. The icing on the cake was getting my first GM norm yesterday. It has boosted my confidence a great deal. It will certainly help me in becoming the GM by year end,\" Swapnil told TOI from Kolkata.Swapnil, an employee of Railways, needed a draw for his GM norm on Wednesday and so he played it safe against GM Abhijit Kunte of Pune for the desired result.\"Kolkata has always been a lucky venue for me. I got my first IM norm in 2008 in the Kolkata Open. I won youth championship in August here. In this tournament also, I am doing exceedingly well having faced six GMs in ten rounds so far,\" said Swapnil, who has an Elo rating of 2480.Swapnil can claim his second GM norm when he will compete in the NIT GM international chess tournament scheduled to begin in Nagpur from October 15.\"I will try to get the next one in Nagpur. Winning Aurangabad tournament was crucial for me as it helped me qualify for the Kolkata meet. I hope to claim the next two GM norms soon. It took me pretty long time to become IM. I don't want that to happen again,\" said Swapnil.Three GM norms and Elo rating of 2500 is mandatory to become GM.Vidarbha's first IM Anup Deshmukh, who was also Swapnil's coach in the initial years, is confident that his ward will become the first GM from Vidarbha in few months' time.\"I am very happy for Swapnil. He has been performing quite well this year. He was unlucky to miss GM norms in Bulgaria and Dubai few months back. I think this has been the best time for him. He is playing perhaps at his peak. I have no doubt in my mind that he will soon achieve the remaining two GM norms and make a history for Vidarbha,\" said Deshmukh.The 45-year-old former LIC employee said Swapnil has matured as a players now. \"He was little frustrated when he took a long time to become IM. He used to make regular blunders and come under time-pressure in important matches. At that time, I told him to improve his concentration and not to get bothered by opponents' reputation. He now plays freely and confidently. With at least four international tournaments lined-up before December, I am sure he will reach his target soon,\" said Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16780277", "title": "Pak clerics issue fatwa against Taliban's move to kill Malala Yousufzai", "text": "LAHORE: More than 50 clerics associated with the Sunni Ittehad Council and a former Pakistani minister have joined hands against the Taliban and issued a fatwa that declared the attempted assassination of teenage rights activist Malala Yousufzai as \"un-Islamic\".In the religious decree issued here, the clerics appealed to the country to observe Friday as \"Condemnation Day\" to express solidarity with the 14-year-old girl, who is currently in a critical care unit of a military hospital in Rawalpindi after being shot in the head.The Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan claimed responsibility for the attempt on Malala's life in the former militant stronghold of Swat Valley on Tuesday, saying she was targeted for backing \"pro-West\" views and a secular government. The Taliban has warned it will attack her again if she survives.The clerics said in their fatwa: \"Islam doesn't prohibit women from getting education. The attackers transgressed the Islamic Hudood (principles).\"The clerics, who belong to the moderate Barelvi school of thought, described the interpretation of Islam by Taliban as \"repugnant to the teachings of Islam\" since the religion not only makes it obligatory on its followers to seek education.Islam also strictly forbids taking the life of any innocent person, they pointed out. Former federal religious affairs minister Hamid Saeed Kazmi said the decree had come at the right time.\"Islam holds the killing of even one innocent person equal to the killing of the whole of humanity. It also forbids executing a woman who has even reneged on her religion. Men are punished with death for the same offence,\" Kazmi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16777286", "title": "Learn for life, not for exams, students told", "text": "MANGALORE: Pragrati 2012, the biennial symposium with the theme 'Youth- Intrinsic Motivation' with a focus on igniting young minds and awakening them to the realities surrounding them was held at AIMIT, St Aloysius College, Beeri on Wednesday.The event began with a video compiled by Akhil, Clinton and Ebin from II year MBA, which drove home the message of social entrepreneurship that could benefit the community and society at large.Dr Neeta Inamdar, Director, Manipal Centre for European Studies, Manipal University, in her key note address stressed on being \"outcome oriented rather than output oriented\". She asked the students to focus on learning for life instead of learning just for examinations. She made students reflect over the idea of living life powerfully by giving back to society which could catapult them to greater heights both in the corporate and entrepreneurial world.Dr Oswald Mascarenhas, chairperson, MBA department, AIMIT, said all his life his primary quest was to promote intrinsic motivation among the youth. According to him, the cardinal step towards intrinsic motivation was to introspect on oneself. He further added that intrinsic motivation had three pertinent vectors which included \"God, Others and You\". \"Among them God is the most important vector which binds all the vectors together. This is because God is within us,\" he said. He added that motivation was not static in nature but was always moving, which encourages oneself to be motivated in life and not to lose direction through the journey of life. The second vector is others which is in congruence with the college mission of creating \"Men and Women for Others\". The third vector is yourself which comes from within you and whatever that comes from within yourself, Mascarenhas said.Rev Fr Denzil Lobo, director, AIMIT, in his presidential address focused on some of the great people who had overcome some of the biggest challenges in their life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774750", "title": "HC raps infrastructure corporation, fines Rs 25K", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice CV Nagarjuna Reddy of high court pulled up officials of the State Infrastructure Corporation for abuse of power and directed them to pay costs of Rs 25,000. \"Arbitrariness is anathema to Article 14 of the Constitution of India. Public servants owe their existence to public trust and confidence. They are always and at all times accountable to the public. Their actions must not defeat public trust,\" justice Reddy averred.He was dealing with a writ petition filed by Uma Maheshwar Reddy questioning the allotment of roughly two acres of land in the AP Industrial Estate in Anantapur in favour of M/s Techno Industrial Engineering. The petitioner canvassed successfully that the action lacked transparency and was arbitrary. Faulting the authorities for renewing the beneficiary respondent's request to the exclusion of other bidders, petitioner included, the court said that the action was arbitrary and lacking in fairness.\"In the event the layout is revised and the open area is converted into industrial plot, the corporation shall issue a public notice inviting applications from the general public and make allotment strictly in accordance with the prescribed procedure\".Retd judge gets bail in cash-for-bail case: Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu on Thursday granted bail to retired judge Chalapathi Rao in the cash-for-bail scam. This order follows a series of bails granted to other accused in the case including two Karnataka MLAs and other judicial officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16776973", "title": "Ajit Agarkar is back, as Mumbai captain", "text": "MUMBAI: \"I don't want a situation where a player, who returned home from a Ranji match, becomes the captain in the next tournament. Such a situation should be avoided. I will not tolerate any indiscipline. I will have no mercy.\" That was Ravi Savant, soon after taking over as Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) president last August, citing the example of former India all-rounder Ajit Agarkar being made Mumbai captain last season for the one-dayers and T20s. Earlier, Agarkar had flown back from Cuttack just before a Ranji game, miffed at being dropped from the team.On Thursday, Agarkar was named captain of Mumbai Ranji team for the first four games of the upcoming season by Mumbai's new chief selector Sandeep Patil. Mumbai launch their campaign against Railways on November 2.\"It is a huge honour, especially when you look up at the list of people who have captained Mumbai. I am really happy,\" Agarkar, who will play in the forthcoming Champions League T20 in South Africa for Delhi Daredevils , told TOI from Johannesburg. Naturally, the India discard now wants to put the bad memories of his tumultuous 2011-12 season behind. \"I wanted to look forward when I came back into the side as skipper last season. I want to maintain the same attitude,\" he added.Does he expect complete support from former skipper Wasim Jaffer , who was sacked after Mumbai failed to go beyond the Ranji semis last season? \"That is one of the reasons why we win so many trophies. All of us in the Mumbai dressing room give 100 per cent for the team. It's the team which comes first,\" replied Agarkar, who played 26 Tests and 191 ODIs for India.Patil refused to explain the decision, saying that his \"contract did not allow him to talk to the media\". When contacted, Savant said he doesn't like to interfere in selection process. \"It is the MCA's tradition that we don't interfere in the selection process. The selectors have a sense of responsibility. If they are saying that something is right, and it comes out right, then we have no problem,\" he said.Curiously, TOI has learnt that Mumbai coach Sulakshan Kulkarni, with whom Agarkar had problems last year, was not called for the selection meeting. \"The coach was involved in the selection of the skipper last season, so it is surprising he wasn't called for this meeting,\" said a source in the MCA.Another source, though, informed that Patil did ask Kulkarni for his views, before taking the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777440", "title": "Police go slowin rape case investigation", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police on Thursday seemed to be going slow in investigations in the alleged rape case of Rashmi (name changed), with City SP Jayant Kant saying that they do not intend to record the statement of the girl under Section 164 of the CrPC for the time being as she has been changing her statement to the police.On the other hand, the city police didn't restrict the movement of key accused and former state IMA president Dr Ramesh Prasad Singh on Thursday. Though he remained admitted to a private hospital here, he gave his statement to a police team during the day.The statement under Section 164 CrPC is given before a magistrate in camera, and is presumed to be free of any duress.Rashmi was taken to PMCH on Thursday for her final medical test. \"We were under the impression that police would produce her before the CJM to record her statement. But we were at the hospital from 12.30pm to 6pm and could not go to court,\" said Dhananjay, brother-in-law of Rashmi.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"A probe team led by City SP Jayant Kant has been constituted for thorough investigation of the case.\"According to police sources, the police are yet to recover MMS clip and obscene images from the possession of the accused doctor. They also said the preliminary medical report of Rashmi could not find any external or internal injury.\"The probe team does not feel any need for recording the statement of the victim under 164 CrPC right now. She has been changing her statements to police. We are not tallying any call details of the victim and the accused at all,\" the City SP said. \"However the statements of the victim and the accused are being cross checked. The doctor in his statement denied all the allegations and said that Rashmi and her family were trying to extract money from him,\" he said.However, some lawyers whom TOI spoke to said that since the FIR was lodged under Sections 363, 366 and 34 IPC, the police could have arrested the doctor, or at least restrict his movement, and record the girl's statement under Section 164 CrPC. Madhu Shrivastav, a practising lawyer of the Patna high court said, \"The accused doctor could be booked or at least called to the police station concerned to give his statement.\" According to other lawyers, police should have first arrested the doctor and then gone through the investigation. They could also have put restrictions on the doctor's movements. \"The police investigation is going in a bizarre way,\" said another lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775004", "title": "Does liability law cover Kudankulam reactors 2 &amp; 3? SC asks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday asked a vital question on the foreign suppliers' liability in case of an accident in reactors at Kudankualm Nuclear Power Project: whether reactors 2 and 3 were covered under the liability clause since petitioners had stated that reactors 1 and 2 were not under its ambit.Attorney general G E Vahanvati initially told a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra that reactors 3 and 4 were covered under the civil liability law, but later clarified that he would have to take instruction on this issue from the Centre.After hearing senior advocate Jayant Bhushan on a fresh PIL filed by NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, the bench issued notice to the Centre on the contentious liability issue and asked the government to file an affidavit within three weeks.On the earlier petitions seeking implementation of all 17 safeguards recommended by atomic regulator prior to permitting KKNPP to go critical, Vahanvati said the petitioners apprehensions were a direct result of wrong appreciation of facts and assured the court that the nuclear power plant was safe for being commissioned.He said that the taskforce, which was constituted post-Fukushima disaster and had recommended 17 safety measures, was set up by plant operator, Nuclear Power Corporation India Ltd (NPCIL), and not by Atomic Energy Regulatory Body as was alleged by the petitioner.He said the AERB had adopted a three-tier scrutiny mechanism to verify the implementation of stringent safety measures at KKNPP, and had periodically assessed the capability of the plant to withstand various kinds of external impacts, natural as well as terror-linked, which could trigger a breach.After conducting all these tests, AERB was fully satisfied that the plant was safe enough for commissioning, Vahanvati said.However, the court was taking a comprehensive look at all problems alleged by the petitioners, which included lack of proper environment impact assessment and safety of people living around the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776152", "title": "Day One of CAT goes off smoothly", "text": "NAGPUR: Day One of the online Common Admission Test (CAT) went off without major hiccups in the city. CAT is conducted for admissions to prestigious Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) and other specified colleges. In Nagpur, Raisoni College's MBA department was the centre.CAT is a computer-based test being conducted multiple times between October 11 and November 6. Prometric, the test development and delivery solutions company, is implementing it on behalf of IIMs. The company confirmed 4,429 candidates had registered for CAT across the country on Thursday.Figures for Nagpur could not be ascertained as Prometric did not disclose city-wise data and even officials of Raisoni College did not have access to that information. Soumitra Roy, managing director of Prometric India, said, \"we are pleased that the first day has ended smoothly and will continue to stay focused on providing candidates with the best possible experience.\"The next test will be on October 13. Results of the exam will be declared on the official CAT website by January 9. The tests are being conducted in two sessions, morning and afternoon. Students had the option of choosing which session they wanted to appear in. CAT has two sections, quantitative ability &amp; data interpretation and verbal ability &amp; logical reasoning. Both sections have 30 questions each and last for 70 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774342", "title": "Cos assure hassle-free LPG supply during puja", "text": "RANCHI: Major oil companies are ready with their inventory to meet the rising demand for domestic LPG cylinders during the festive season beginning with Durga Puja. Sources said the companies have already consulted the distributors and prepared the demand list for Durga Puja, Diwali and Chhath to meet the LPG cylinder requirement and avoid any protest by consumers during the coming weeks.\"We expect that there will be a 10-15 per cent rise in demand for LPG cylinder in October and November because all the three festivals Durga Puja, Diwali and Chhath are celebrated in a grand way by people of Jharkhand because of presence of large number of Bengali and Bihari population,\" said a Hindustan Petroleum official adding that they have asked the distributors to place the increased demand at least one week in advance.IOC chief area manager Uday Kumar said the consumers need not worry about shortage of cylinders during the festive season. \"We are prepared to meet the demand and have also asked the distributors to be ready,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "16775256", "title": "Cook drops vessel, 3 kids suffer burns", "text": "Davanagere: Three children suffered burns on Thursday when an anganawadi cook accidentally dropped a vessel containing hot water.As the vessel slipped from the hands of Kenchaveeramma, a cook at the Aralayya Nagar anganawadi centre, the water splashed on the little ones, said an official of the women and children department. The water had been boiled to prepare bisibele bath.Gagan, 4; Sowmya, 3; and Karthik, 4, were rushed to the Chigateri government hospital. Gagan was later shifted to Manipal Hospital as he suffered 70% burns.The anganawadi, catering to about 40 children, functions in a very small building. \"There is not much space for the kids to move around freely,\" said some parents. The parents of most children are labourers.Soon after news of the mishap spread , a large number of people gathered outside the centre and expressed their anguish over negligence by anganawadi officials.,\"For two days, anganawadi workers and their assistants have been on a strike, demanding the government fulfill their long-pending demands. They were attending a protest called by the State Anganawadi Federation. Hence, most of them were not on duty,\" sources said.APMC Yard police visited the anganawadi centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779500", "title": "Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana: Luni Luni", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16776724", "title": "At 83, Aiyyavoo refuses to give up battle against dump yard", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seated in the modest drawing room of his residence in Konavaikkalpalayam in Vellalore, T Aiyyavoo says he is in no mood to give up his decade-long struggle to get the dump yard shifted out of Vellalore. At 83, this retired mill worker has written more than 500 petitions to the chief minister's office since 2009. The last one, seeking the state government to ensure that the corporation's garbage dump yard is shifted from Vellalore to a location away from residential areas, was dispatched a couple of days ago.\"I believe it is a valid demand. We are just asking for an opportunity to breath clean and healthy air. I keep writing these petitions to the government as I believe that someday the government will act,\" says Aiyyavoo.The old man, who was once in the forefront of the anti dump yard struggle in Vellalore and nearby areas, is now mostly confined to home due to a severe attack of arthritis in his lower limbs. He acknowledges the fact that patience of the residents are wearing off after every fire outbreak at the yard.\"Some people have now started believing that the petitions, memorandums and legal struggle will not result in the shifting of the dump yard. But we have been trying our best. Initially, we had organized public protests like human chains and fasts demanding the shifting of the dump yard. Later, we decided to campaign without hampering the lives of the general public,\" Aiyyavoo added.He pointed out that the committee filed a petition before the Madras high court seeking intervention to solve the Vellalore issue. Aiyyavoo and a 13-member committee have been constantly following the legal progress of the matter until the ruling came in June 2006 favouring of the committee. \"We will carry on with the legal struggle and take it forward. We have been constantly knocking at the doors of the senior corporation and district administration officials. Some of them react positively, but before they get to act on their promise, they are transferred,\" Aiyyavvo points.But not all residents are willing to be considerate to the babus and trust them to act. After last week's fire, the mood among local residents is against anyone willing to be patient with the officials. The residents did not allow the committee members to speak at a public meeting held on late Wednesday night to discuss the Vellalore issue. \"Like I said, some of the residents are losing their patience. But we will carry on till a final decision is taken in the dump yard issue,\" Aiyyavoo adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779163", "title": "Don't want Aaradhya to get hassled: Aishwarya", "text": "The media frenzy over her daughter Aaradhya notwithstanding, Aishwarya Rai-Bachchan says she does not want the little girl to \"get hassled\".Aaradhya, born last November, has been clicked by shutterbugs on a few occasions -- most recently at grandfather Amitabh Bachchan's 70th birthday bash.\"She was a part of the celebrations yesterday. I was on double duty as she was in and out of sleep. But that is ok, I have no complaints. I love her very much. I love to spend time with her,\" Aishwarya told reporters here, at an event.\"I think it is the job of media to take pictures or bytes. But as a mother, as a family, we were just trying to be protective. She is too small and new to this world. I did not want her to get hassled. It was just a natural instinct of being protective,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16776700", "title": "Clay from the Hooghly, cooks from Kolkata to spice up Durga Puja", "text": "COIMBATORE: At the Hope College campus on Singanallur Road here, Durga will stand tall at nine feet over lions, her 10 arms holding 10 different weapons, demonstrating the killing of the demon, a symbolic representation of the victory of the good over the evil. Elsewhere in Sulur, five idols are being prepared and in Peelamedu seven are in the final stages.With Durga Puja round the corner, it is festive time for the members of 20,000 Bengali families, who have made Coimbatore their home. The pandals have been erected and finishing touches are being given to the idols. Artisans have been called in to sculpt the idols and special clay has been sourced from the banks of the Hooghly that straddles Kolkata. The festivities, of course, are unlikely to be on a scale comparable to those in Bengal. But organizers here guarantee that Durga Puja in the Cotton City will not lag behind in colour, music or devotion.The Coimbatore Bengali Association, which is the largest registered body of Bengalis in the city, is organising the puja for the 13{+t}{+h} consecutive year. The organizers have brought a four-member group of artists from 24 Parganas district in West Bengal to the city to prepare the idol. For a month, they have been working on the idols at the Hope College campus. The idol should be ready in a couple of days.Ayan Chatterjee, secretary of the association, said the idol was being made in the traditional way this time, without plaster of paris and chemicals. A truck load of clay was purchased for Rs 48,000 and brought all the way from Bengal for the three idols, he said. \"Apart from the Durga idols, we would also display idols of Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ganesha and Karthikeya. All these would be displayed at S N V Kalyana Mandapam in Ram Nagar from October 20 to 24. On October 24, these would be immersed in Muthannan Lake,\" he said.The idol had been made with clay, hay and straw, bamboo and wood. Once the structure is completed, it would be painted with natural colours. \"Only by using clay from the banks of the Hooghly can we ensure the glistening look and smooth finish for idols,\" said Pintu Paul, the main artist.The four-day celebrations will begin with puja in the morning. The evenings will feature Rabindra Sangeet (poems and songs of Tagore set to music) and Nazrul Geeti (poems and songs of Kazi Nasrul Islam). Plays of Tagore will also be staged. Organisers expect over 5,000 non-Bengalis to visit the pandals.Of course, what is a festival without its food! In the mornings, there would be the traditional bhog (food offered to the deity and then distributed among devotees). In the evenings, visitors who attend the cultural events can expect to dine on the finest Bengali cuisine. Cooks too will arrive from Kolkata to run the kitchen on the four days of festivities.On the concluding day, the idols will be taken in a procession to the Muthannan Lake and immersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16777588", "title": "Job in Gulf countries: Equip youngsters with new skillsets", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala will have to take proactive steps to identify the changes in job profiles in the Gulf countries and hone its manpower with modern skill sets to retain its cutting edge in the labour market there, according to experts.\"It's no longer attractive for workers from Kerala to migrate to the Gulf for blue collar jobs, considering the low wages and poor working conditions prevailing there. The average wages there for blue collar workers hover around Rs 11,000. Wage levels in Kerala are much more attractive currently,\" says Noyal Thomas, director and chief executive of Norka-Roots, the state sponsored agency for the welfare of migrants from Kerala.Potential migrants in Kerala seem to have realised this.Kerala has slipped to the second position among Indian States, in terms of sending workers to the poorly paid Emigration Clearance Required (ECR) category of jobs in Gulf in 2011.Kerala was top in this category for years. But the state sent only 85,000 workers in this category last year while UP which sent 1.2 lakh workers, wresting the first position, Noyal said. \"We were approached by a Gulf company to recruit 20 workers in the category of jobs such as electricians and plumbers by offering a salary of Rs 20,000 recently. But none of the applicants were interested, and they demanded a salary of at least Rs 30,000,\" he said.\"We need to conduct extensive surveys in different countries to identify emerging jobs which will offer decent wages, and evolve skill upgradation programmes by leveraging on the high educational levels prevailing in the state,'' says Irudaya Rajan, migration study expert at Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram.Norka-Roots has already launched a skill upgradation programme through 14 model industrial training institutes (ITIs) in the state. The short courses offered are in areas like modern forms of welding, operating modern JCBs, shipping and logistics, mobile phone applications and repair, food and beverages. Norka-Roots provides 80% of the course expenditure of each student who will have to bear the remaining 20%. \"We have already trained about 2,000 people in the last two years and most of them are already employed. Another 2,000 will be trained this year,\" says Noyal.Norka-Roots is also collaborating with higher education department to launch special job-oriented training programmes for college students with the help of Gulf returnees, who are experts in different fields, he said.YOUTH UPGRADE Norka-Roots offers a skill upgradation programme through 14 model industrial training institutes (ITIs) in the state The short courses offered are in areas such as modern forms of welding, operating modern JCBs, shipping and logistics, mobile phone applications and repair, food and beverages Norka-Roots provides 80% of the course expenditure of each student who will have to bear the remaining 20% About 2,000 people have been trained under this programme in the last two years and most of them are already employed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774529", "title": "Utkal starts computer literacy programme", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Utkal University on Thursday started an ambitious programme to make all its faculty members and students computer literate.The varsity has tied up with Microsoft for the initiative. \"The university has shifted to mandatory e-admission procedure and online interface for most other communication. In such a situation, it is imperative that the entire faculty, staff and students have exposure to varsity's computerized work environment,\" registrar Debendra Nath Jena told TOI.Microsoft will train around 40 teachers who in turn will pass down the skills to others. Everybody will be conversant with the varsity's e-initiative so that the paperless work-culture gets a bigger push.The integrated master of computer application (IMCA) department is coordinating the training. A module has been prepared keeping in mind the varsity's need, PG Council chairman P K Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774819", "title": "Three guards nabbed over arms licence", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested three security guards for allegedly possessing double barrel guns without valid licences. The accused were on duty at three different banks in Mulund. They were released on a Rs 15,000 bail bond each by a court on Wednesday.Indrajit Yadav (48), Rakesh Singh (45) and Suryabali Singh (40)-were arrested on Tuesday during a crackdown on illegal security agencies. The three failed to produce the original 'journey permit' to bring the weapon to the city.\"Indrajit was employed with an agency whose licence was cancelled by the Mumbai Commissionerate four years ago. The other two were with a registered agency, but their weapons were not registered,\" said Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav. It was also found that the three were not professionally trained in shooting.Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav who carried out the drive to crack down illegally run security agencies arrested the three -- Indrajit Yadav (48) with Catholic Syrian Bank, Rakesh Singh (45) with Axis Bank and Suryabali Singh (40) with HDFC Bank-- after they failed to show the original \"journey permit\" to bring the weapon in Mumbai to carry to any other cities or states.\"The journey permit is issued by the District Magistrate or the Commissioner. The three arrested showed a photocopy of the permit but failed to show the original. Also the permit has to be registered with the respective Commissioner's office within a month after the person carries weapon into any city or state,\" said Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775546", "title": "Now, Chhavi Rajawat takes up 'joint' effort to add spirit to Soda", "text": "JAIPUR: After creating ripples as a management graduate who gave up high paying corporate jobs to be the sarpanch of her village Soda, 60 km from Jaipur, Chhavi Rajawat now dons another cap. With an aim to support development work in her village that usually gets stuck for lack of funds, Chhavi is now turning into an entrepreneur by launching her own cafe - Chhavi Rajawat's Cafe.\"I have decided to start a cafe in Jaipur, at my family-run hotel Kailrugji, as a social responsibility initiative with the multi-cuisine cafe open to all. The idea came from the fact that raising funds for development of a small village such as mine is no easy task,\" said Chhavi.\"Apart from providing the residents and visitors of Jaipur a new cafe, it is also an attempt to raise funds to provide continuous support to the development work in my village Soda. The proceeds from my work will go towards the development works of Soda,\" said Chhavi.The sarpanch has been fighting odds largely with the block-level administration and bureaucratic hurdles to undertake her project. \"I have been running from pillar to post. While in some cases, there is inordinate delay in the process of project sanctioning, in others there is no clarity on the process of fund release. It's because of the outside support that we have been able to do some development work in Soda,\" she said.Among the several projects that she has taken up to name a few are, water conservation by desilting 10 acres out of 100 acres of the main reservoir to conserve rain water, the only source for safe drinking water for the villagers, construction of drains, solar power in three villages et al. \"But construction of toilets in each of the houses in Soda (total number of houses is 900) that the BPL/SC women here have demanded is still awaiting government funding. It was to be done through NREGA,\" said Chhavi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16776921", "title": "Many replicas of Vidhana Soudha adorn Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: \"We shape our buildings and afterwards they shape us,\" Winston Churchill had once quipped.The imposing Vidhana Soudha best sums up the observation . It is almost a metonym for Karnataka's seat of power, just as the Capitol Hill in Washington is for US Congress or the Westminster, for the UK Parliament.Vidhana Soudha's influence in the state is perhaps far more abiding and overbearing if one were to look at the sheer number of its replicas dotting Karnataka.With the launch of Suvarna Vidhana Soudha, the state now boasts of two replicas and over five dozen versions, popularly known as mini-Vidhana Soudhas. What's more, 176 such mini-versions are in the offing, as part of an ambitious plan to have one mini-Soudha in all talukse.It all started in 2000 when the SM Krishna government decided to build an annexe Vikasa Soudha, in the likeness of Vidhana Soudha. This spawned a trend of Soudha copies, big and small.Naryanaswamy, a consultant architect involved in the construction of Suvarna Soudha , says, \"Vidhana Soudha is a secular edifice, showing features of British, Dravidian and Indo-Islamic architecture . So it simply represents the connect between people and the government.\"Imitation may be the best form of flattery, but where Vidhana Soudha is concerned , not everyone is happy with the replication spree. \"Constructions should be in tune with changing times. Imagine if Karnataka had constructed Suvarna Soudha bigger and better than Burj Khalifa , the tallest building in the world, it would have attracted global attention and strengthened the image of being a hi-tech state,\" says Sandesh Bhusan, an architect from Bangalore.PWD minister CM Udasi said Suvarna Soudha is a symbolic assertion of Karnataka's long-held position that Belgaum is an integral part of the state despite the boundary dispute with Maharashtra. \"The whole idea of constructing the mini-Vidhana Soudha is to take the state administration to the doorsteps of the people,\" he added.Former minister and JD (S) MLC Basavaraj says good administration is needed, not good buildings. The two replicas have cost the state nearly Rs 800 crore while the mini-Vidhana Soudhas in all 176 taluks will cost Rs 1,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776705", "title": "Marine institutes seek review of HC ban", "text": "KOCHI: Marine technical institutes in the state have approached the Kerala high court seeking a review on the ban imposed by a division bench of the court on conducting courses without the approval of the director general of shipping (DGS). It was filed by Ziyad Ali, who runs the International Education Council in Kochi.The petitioner's main contention is that the order was erroneous as DGS approval is only needed for gaining employment in India.The course being conducted by the petitioner is not one that qualifies students for sailing on ships in India and no such claims had ever been made. And as the course conducted by the petitioner had been approved by a university, it could not be said that it was unauthorized, the petition stated.Besides, the court had made the judgment applicable to all institutes without making them parties to the petition. Such a practice is against the settled principles of law and in violation of natural justice, the review petitioner said.The ban was ordered by the division bench comprising justices C N Ramachandran Nair and B P Ray after considering a petition by Ziyad Ali. He had approached the court challenging a stop memo issued by the police commissioner for conducting unapproved courses.The court had asked police to probe whether the numerous marine technical training institutes that had sprung up in different parts of the state had DGS approval.Taking into consideration the fact that only Cochin Shipyard, Cochin University of Science and Technology, and another private institute had DGS approval, the court ordered a ban on rest of the institutes.Through its counsel T Sanjay, the central government had contended that the rules for getting DGS approval had been framed in accordance with international conventions and were similar to international rules.The court had also suggested that state government start training centres for marine technical courses. It pointed out that it was the limited availability of seats in approved institutions that was leading to unauthorized institutions coming up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774344", "title": "2G JPC: Chacko asks Speaker to decide on summoning Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under increasing pressure to call finance minister P Chidambaram as a witness, Joint Parliamentary Committee chairperson P C Chacko has referred the demand voiced by Left and BJP members to Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar.With BJP members keeping away from the JPC meeting on Thursday in protest against Chacko refusing to finalize a witness list, CPM's Sitaram Yechury and CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta forcefully raised the demand to call Chidambaram before the committee.The Left demand came even as BJP leader Yashwant Sinha wrote to Chacko asking for a quick resolution to the parties' insistence that both Chidambaram and PM Manmohan Singh be asked to appear before the JPC as witnesses.Faced with a divided panel - UPA members have insisted there is no case for summoning either Chidambaram or Prime Minister Manmohan Singh - Chacko said he has decided to seek the opinion of the Speaker.SP member Shailendra Kumar also felt the matter should be referred to the Speaker. BSP MP Satish Mishra did not refer to the demand to summon Chidambaram.Dasgupta staged a walkout after an argument with Congress's Shashi Tharoor over the examination of Planning Commission secretary Sindhushree Khullar who had been an additional secretary in the department of economic affairs.The CPI leader took affront to Tharoor questioning his interpretation of a controversial \"non-paper\" initiated by the DEA outlining the finance ministry's view that an \"in principle\" decision be taken to price spectrum beyond 4.4Mhz. While Tharoor argued that the communication could not be called a non-paper, Dasgupta felt the MP was trying to defend the witness.Khullar reportedly told the committee that her role in the non-paper was to merely forward a draft prepared by a junior officer. She said the paper could also be called a position or background document. In his testimony to the committee, RBI governor and former finance secretary D Subbarao had admitted that the non-paper was \"inappropriate and unfortunate\".During Thursday's deliberations, Congress member Manish Tewari asked for the authorized version of the Niira Radia tapes to be made available to the committee. He said the government was providing transcripts to the Supreme Court and these could be provided to the JPC as well.Tewari argued that the Radia tapes - that record of conversations between the lobbyist, corporate bigwigs and politicians - cast light on the role of business in telecom controversies. But Chacko was lukewarm to summoning corporate witnesses, citing lack of time and felt such persons could cite their ongoing judicial proceedings to claim confidentiality.Interestingly, DMK's T R Baalu asked why former telecom minister A Raja was not being called to the committee. Baalu reportedly said that Raja, who was jailed in connection with corruption charges in the 2G case, was willing to appear before the committee.Yechury insisted that authorship of the non-paper had to be established and the ministry needed to clarify on whose instruction such an exercise was initiated. And just as Chidambaram's views were essential, previous finance and telecom ministers could also be summoned, he said.Yechury expressed the view that as rules governing standing committees applied to the JPC, the committee could not summon a minister on its own. But the Speaker could make an exception if Chacko wrote to Kumar. He argued that only Chidambaram could explain why the finance ministry agreed to go along with Raja's decision on pricing spectrum at 2001 rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16774402", "title": "Cops seize vans, ferrying liquor, 6 held", "text": "BOKARO: Police arrested six persons and seized two mini-vans loaded with foreign liquor while it was being illegally transported to Bokaro from Dhanbad at Saheria Moad under Nawadih police station here on Thursday.Those arrested are residents of Giridih while the rest of them belong to Bokaro. Sanjeev, who is said to be the kingpin, had been arrested by excise sleuths in February for ferrying liquor bottles illegally in two Maruti vans.Officer-in-charge of Nawadih police station, Rajesh Kumar Singh said, \"We conducted raid and seized two mini-vans containing 81 cartons of liquor bottles. The accused are involved in inter-district liquor smuggling. They had loaded the bottles at Gomoh area and were transporting it to Phusro but were caught by policemen on the way.\"They took the benefit of price difference in the sale of liquor bottles between the districts to earn profit. The seized liqour stock contained varieties of brands, including AC Black, Royal Stag, Bagpipper besides beer bottles and cans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "16774759", "title": "Govt mulls Aarogyasri for entire state", "text": "ONGOLE: In a strategic move to silence the YSR Congress leaders, who have been lambasting his government on the implementation of YSR's pet health insurance scheme Aarogyasri, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Thursday said the government is seriously considering bringing the entire nine crore population of the state under the Aarogyasri cover.The chief minister promised to make the Rajiv Aarogyasri scheme a viable option for the people to relieve them of all health costs. \"We are slowly expanding the scheme to cover all sections of society with a view to studying the lapses in its implementation. Our ultimate goal is to bring the state's entire population under the Aarogyasri cover,\" he declared amidst thunderous claps and slogan-shouting at a public meeting on the third day of his Indiramma Baata here on Thursday. He explained that the government had agreed to provide a comprehensive health insurance to 28 lakh government employees and plans were afoot to bring another four lakh employees working under aided institutions.In another bid to take away credit from late chief minister YSR, Kiran Kumar said AP's Aarogyasri had become a role model for states like Karnataka and Kerala which have also started implementing similar health schemes. \"The scheme could be successfully implemented if at least 40% of the total surgeries are taken up by the government hospitals. We are recruiting doctors and medical staff on a large scale and spending huge amounts to provide basic infrastructure in the PHCs in order to make Aarogyasri successful,\" he said.He said a panel of senior doctors had been appointed to prevent unnecessary surgeries under the scheme in private hospitals and the government would not hesitate to take stringent action against the erring hospitals. He said the government had spent Rs 4,400 crore on surgeries on nearly 15.99 lakh poor patients since the scheme's launch. Steps were also being taken to strengthen schemes like 108 and 104, he added. Earlier, the chief minister interacted with the beneficiaries of Aarogyasri at Rims, Ongole.He distributed hearing kits to 30 children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16777054", "title": "On the fast-track: Now, every other Chennaiite has a vehicle", "text": "CHENNAI: For every two Chennaiites, there is a vehicle on the road, a recent survey by the city traffic police has found.Chennai's vehicle population has been accelerating steadily from six lakh in 1992, to 13 lakh in 2001 and 36.4 lakh now. Daily, about 1,500 new vehicles hit the roads, and more than 75% of them are two-wheelers.Chennai vehicles constitute one-fourth of the 1.75 crore vehicles across TN. Incidentally, TN has more two-wheelers (1.3 crore) than Maharashtra, which has more vehicles overall. Given the growth rate, Chennai will soon have twice as many vehicles as Mumbai.Clearly two-wheelers are ruling Chennai roads. In TN, the two-wheeler population is nearly 1.30 crore, which accounts for 78% of all vehicles, while cars add up to 14%.However, registration of new cars is also on the rise.With construction work eating up road space, the vehicular population explosion has slowed down traffic movement to a snarl on virtually every road during peak hours. \"World cities have been keeping up with vehicle population by shifting to public transport and increasing road space. Neither is happening in Chennai,\" says Raj Cherubal, director of Chennai City Connect, an NGO that works on transport solutions.This may not be good news for traffic and transport managers as the trend shows abysmal growth of public transport. For a city like Chennai, ideally, more than 70% of the population should be using public transport, but less than 40% regularly use it. Additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora acknowledges that the trend is worrying. \"We are trying to use maximum resources to reduce traffic congestion,\" he says.India ranks 132nd in the world in vehicle-people ratio. Monaco tops the list with 908 of its 1,000 people having vehicles. United States come second (812) and Liechtenstein third (796). Only in 1,000 people of Togo own a vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16775792", "title": "Demand to scrap Nandigram cases", "text": "KOLKATA: The CPIML Liberation met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Thursday and demanded that the state withdraw all the pending cases in Singur and Nandigram.\"The previous Left Front government had filed many false cases and there may be cases against the present chief minister Mamata Banerjee as well,\" said Partha Ghosh, secretary of CPIML Liberation.Police are still harassing the villagers, he claimed. \"Simply appearing for court hearings is a hassle for those accused in false cases,\" he said. \"Many of our party workers are facing the same fate,\" Ghosh alleged.The CPIML Liberation also demands that the state government increase the stipend to Singur farmers who did not accept any compensation against the acquisition of their land. Ghosh said that nothing less than Rs 7,000 a month would do for the unwilling land-losers. \"But the CM has explained that there is not enough money in the treasury so the stipend cannot be increased,\" he said.Ghosh also wants a judicial commission to probe the murder of six villagers at Memari in 1993 during the panchayat polls. The CM assured that she would get law minister Moloy Ghatak to look into the possibility of a judicial probe, he said.Ghosh wants a commission to investigate the suicides of 62 farmers as well.He also wanted distribution of all vested and benami lands to the landless people and higher wages for MGNREGA workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16778917", "title": "Shahnaz Husain, the Beauty queen", "text": "Shahnaz Hussain set up an enviable empire in the beauty industry at a time when women were rarely seen as entrepreneurial geniuses.Agreat deal has been written about Shahnaz Hussain's success in the herbal cosmetics market, but it never seems enough. Even as international brands flood the country, Shahnaz remains everybody's ready reckoner for beauty tips. According to the beauty czarina, \"Success does not mean what I have achieved. It is what I have given up to get there. I have always believed that in life, it is not important what you want - what really matters is how badly you want it.\"A student of La Martiniere Girls College, Shahnaz still has family and friends in Lucknow. But way before she set her mind to making a career in the business of beauty, she had turned a fashion designer. A blog post about her early life in Lucknow notes how she always had a go-getter's spirit. She writes:I was 19 years old and very bored; my three-year-old daughter Nelofar had just started nursery school leaving me with long hours of restlessness in the quiet town of Lucknow where my husband was posted. I had of course no clue of what destiny had in store for me, I just knew that this was not the life that I would lead forever, and the restive knot in my soul told me that there was something in me that I had not yet become aware of. The process of discovering who I was took many years, many years of searching in the wilderness. I decided, to my family's shock, that I was going to take on a job, because with no particular inclination or direction that seemed like the only logical move to make.There was just one problem, in the traditional up country town I lived in, there were very few jobs for women.A small ad in the classified columns caught the eye of my ever indulgent husband and he pushed the paper to me. \"Read that,\" he said. It was an ad. for a dress designer for children clothes at a place run by the government called Nari Kala Mandir. An institution that had co-practiced the exquisite talents of women embroiderers. Within the next hour I was waiting in a queue of hopefuls for an interview. The lady across the table looked at me and asked if I had ever trained as a designer to which I said 'No I have not trained as a designer but I have something more than that to offer, I have a natural flair and I assure you that I will do a wonderful job for you'. She looked up and smiled and I still remember her eyes piercing through me in her moment of judgment. 'Okay, we'll keep you,' she said finally and I heaved a sigh of relief. I was simply ecstatic. The kind of happiness that can be yours only once; when you get your first ever job. The feeling of achievement and empowerment was elating. 'Your salary,' she went on will be `175 per month and your timings 10 to 4.\"I enjoyed designing and spent hours sketching baby frocks. At the end of the month the accountant came to me, \"What name should your pay check be in?\" he asked. \"I will take clothes for my daughter instead of the salary,\" I said instinctively. Every time I sketched a baby frock I could only see my baby in it. She was my muse, my inspiration. No. it's not that I did not need the money, I did, but dressing Nelofar like a little baby doll meant a lot to me, as did the my first job at Nari Kala Mandir. This has remained at the core of my life, because your first natural instinct is 'you'. I always felt passionately for my work, but I have loved my family equally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779168", "title": "PVP Cinema to remake Maryada Ramanna", "text": "The latest buzz is that PVP Cinema, which earlier scored success with Naan Ee (Tamil) and Ravi Babu's suspense thriller Avunu, is all set to remake Rajamouli's comedy thriller Maryada Ramanna in Tamil. Sources further add that the makers are planning to rope in comedian Santhanam for the lead role, originally essayed by Sunil.Maryada Rammanna (2010) opened to favourable reviews by critics and has turned out to become a super hit. The film is already being remade in Hindi as Son of Sardar starring Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha , Sanjay Dutt , etc. directed by Ashwni Dhir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775137", "title": "5,000 IIM aspirants take CAT, no major glitches on Day 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Common Admission Test (CAT) 2012 started on a smooth note on Thursday barring a few late starts and low turnout on Day One. The questions were moderate in terms of difficulty, both candidates and experts said.According to officials, around 5,000 aspirants took the test across the country. While no major glitches were reported, the test started late in three centres in the Delhi-NCR region \u2014 two in Delhi and the lone centre in Faridabad. \"It started almost 40-45 minutes late and in a few cases there were computer log-in problems. But once the test started, there was no problem,\" said a candidate from the morning session at Asia Pacific Institute of Management, Sarita Vihar.Most centres in Delhi-NCR didn't see enthusiastic turnout with the Noida centre registering just 10 candidates in the first session and nine in the second against a total capacity of 140. This, experts say, is normal as candidates generally stay away in the initial days. The test will be conducted over 21 days.Aspirants found the section on quantitative ability tough as questions were time consuming. According to the director of MBAGuru and IIM-Kolkata alumnus, Deekshant Sahrawat, said: \"According to my students, most of these questions were time consuming. The focus on algebra in this section has been higher as well. In the data interpretation portion in the first section, one of the three sets has been relatively tough, which was same with the logical reasoning in the second. In the second section, the reading comprehension part had three passages of 10 questions (3+3+4) and most were direct questions in one of the set. Verbal ability had a mix of four to five types of questions. There were 10 questions and the difficulty level was not high. There were no surprises and overall difficulty level has been moderate.\"Around 21,000 out of the total 2.14 lakh candidates are from Delhi-NCR who will take the test in 10 centres. According to professor S S S Kumar of IIM, Kozhikode, who is the CAT 2012 convener, \"10% of the candidates are from the NCR region. There has been no untoward incident reported so far from any centres.\"On the paper having no 'surprise', Kumar said: \"Last year we made some changes after serious considerations and we want to see how things evolve. We can't be fickle with changes and we are now trying to consolidate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16776622", "title": "Thieves target Vasco govt school", "text": "VASCO: Unknown culprits decamped with equipment worth 1 lakh from the government higher secondary school, Baina-Vasco. The incident happened during the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday.On Wednesday morning, when staff members of the college went to the computer lab, they found everything in the room topsy-turvy.PSI Nikhil Palyekar said, \"Four monitors, 6 UPS and 1 CPU were taken away. The goods were worth Rs 1 lakh.\" He said that the culprits dismantled the machines to take them away. \"The culprits were planning to empty the entire computer laboratory but somehow they could not mange to do it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775517", "title": "Expressway advantage: Agra\u2019s gain is Jaipur\u2019s loss?", "text": "JAIPUR: Agra has pulled a fast one on Jaipur, literally. With the new $2.4 billion Yamuna Expressway cutting the Delhi-Agra distance to just over two hours, the Taj city is giving Jaipur a run for its money as a number of tourists are skipping the Pink City as a destination in favour of the monument of love. The back-breaking journey on the Delhi-Jaipur highway compounded by a jam at the Gurgaon toll booth is certainly not helping the causeThe Rajasthan archaeological and museum department data shows footfalls at monuments in Jaipur have registered a dip compared to the same month last year. In September 2011, 2.89 lakh tourists visited the state's monuments while the figures for the same month this year declined to 2.53 lakh, registering a fall of 12.5%.In contrast, after the opening of Yamuna Expressway in August this year, the Taj Mahal has witnessed a 50% rise in footfalls every weekend. According to the Archaeological Survey of India, the monument used to receive around 20,000 tourists prior to the expressway being opened but now the volume has gone up to 30,000.'Speedy completion of highway need %of the hour'Highways have traditionally been a major mode of travel for tourists and locals from Delhi. The project for widening the highway between Jaipur and Delhi was undertaken in 2009 with an objective to reduce travel time by 2-3 hours. But the deadline has been postponed four times since the start of the project. When the work will be completed is anybody's guess since the deadline of June 2012 has also gone by.In fact, nobody seems to be in charge of the work to clear the debris left behind by the construction work. While tourists have a harrowing time travelling on the highway, fear of accidents is also scaring away some people planning to visit the Pink City.The hotel industry in the city too is feeling the pinch. A dip in tourist inflow combined with rise in number of hotel rooms is adding to the woes. \"While the tourism department has been doing good work in promoting the tourism potential of the state, the road infrastructure needs to be given attention. Speedy completion of the Delhi-Jaipur highway is the need of the hour,\" said %Sunil Gupta, general manager, ITC %Rajputana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777171", "title": "Officials to cast their votes before you", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, government employees involved in the election process including policemen, collectorate officials and public servants will cast their votes before people in the entire state exercise their franchise. While people in Gujarat will cast their votes on December 13 and 17 in two phases, these 50,000-odd employees will cast their votes between December 3 and 10.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra said that 40-50,000 government employees are involved in the process of elections. \"While ensuring that the citizens are able to exercise their franchise in a free and fair manner, nearly 90 per cent of the employees are not able to cast their votes as they have to report for election duty\", said Nehra.For the first time, it has been decided that when these employees report for election duty, details like their names, assembly segment, voting station will be recorded. The data will then be analyzed and a separate form will be prepared for them. However, their forms will contain only the names of the candidates and parties they belong to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16775844", "title": "Court upholds govt action against Ayurved colleges", "text": "NAGPUR: Dismissing a bunch of petitions filed by 10 Ayurved colleges and 42 students, Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench has ruled that central government can grant conditional approval to any college for improving on deficiencies. \"The submission that there could be no conditional approval is clearly faulty in as much as Indian Medicine Central Council Act (IIMC, 1970, empowers the government to grant it with such conditions as found necessary. At any rate, when there is power to grant final approval, it must be presumed that there is power to grant conditional approval as well,\" a division bench of Justices Naresh Patil and AB Chaudhari ruled.The petitioners, all of whom are private-unaided colleges, had challenged orders of Department of Ayush, working under Union minister for health and family welfare, which stopped their admissions to BAMS and postgraduate courses for the 2011-12 academic year. The government cited several shortcomings and serious deficiencies of fundamental nature that are adversely affecting quality of medical education and standard of the colleges.According to these colleges, they were running before amendment was made in IIMC Act on November 11, 2003. They contended that any new amendment will not be applicable to them that too with retrospective effect. However, the court, while citing Supreme Court verdicts, stated that amended provisions or minimum standards were even applied to existing colleges. It further observed that existing colleges were provided three years from the date of amendment for regularizing the affairs.\"It is not in dispute that conditional approvals were granted by the government every year till 2010-2011 and the colleges were expected to remove all deficiencies in this period. There is an action on part of the government in pointing out the deficiencies and granting conditional approvals for taking care of the interest of the students. The government cannot be blamed for any inaction and we see from the conditional approvals that there has been application of mind,\" the court said.The court after carefully going through adverse findings recorded by the government in each case, rejected the petitioners' argument that former could not have referred to the documents or materials to find out the veracity of the inspection reports. \"We are fully satisfied that the findings recorded by the government are appropriate and based on the materials. In some cases the documents were found to be fabricated or afterthought,\" the court pointed out.The court added that petitioners had failed to counter the deficiencies as pointed out by the government with factual data. \"That is another reason why we do not find any reason to find any fault with the findings of facts recorded by the government,\" the court said before dismissing the petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16776041", "title": "Kolkata district collector to oversee key city services", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to remove the administrative bottlenecks, all the 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation and 65 police stations under Kolkata Police are being brought under the civil administration of the Kolkata district.So, large swathes of south suburban Kolkata, which were under the South 24-Parganas district magistrate, will formally be inducted into the Kolkata district.The state government is looking at a pre-Puja deadline to inaugurate the office of the Kolkata district collector at 1, Harish Mukherjee Street (opposite SSKM Hospital). The Kolkata district collector will now be responsible for several citizen centric services which are neither being provided by the KMC nor Kolkata Police.Take for example, the issuance of key certificates. The directorate of social welfare is responsible for issuing a host of certificates, like the ones for SC/STs and OBCs. Other departments likewise issue other certificates, including pensioners' certificates, residential certificates and disability certificates. For the people living in south Kolkata's five assembly constituencies and partly in Metiabruz, they would have got all these from the Alipore headquarters of South 24-Parganas. For people in Kolkata, they had to go to the director of social welfare's office in Salt Lake for there was never an officer earmarked for it in Kolkata, unlike the DMs in the districts.Similar is the case with other key projects, like ICDS and Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. Both projects have district level officers, who report to the DMs in the districts. Since Kolkata never had one, the project officers for Kolkata had to report either to the social welfare department or the school education department. These departments had to look after these projects for the whole of Bengal and hence in the administrative maze the focus for Kolkata was somewhat lost. Now, the Kolkata district collector will take over these projects.The issuance of certificates is only a part of the work. The other significant work will be the issuance of EPIC cards, preparation of voter rolls and conduct of elections.According to the cabinet proposal, the Kolkata district will now comprise of 16 assembly constituencies. Kolkata had only eleven assembly constituencies before, while five assembly constituencies and partly Metiabruz fell under the South 24-Parganas district. All these now will come under the Kolkata district collector, including the polling station number 1 to 77 in Metiabruz assembly constituency. Since the Kolkata district collector will also function as the district election officer for Kolkata, all voter related issues will be directed to him.The city is also set to have its own office, where voter roll inclusion, addition and rectification will happen across the year. There wasn't such a single office before.Avanindra Singh, Kolkata's first collector, after assuming the charge, said: \"The objective is to provide services to the citizens of Kolkata which didn't fall under the purview of KMC or Kolkata Police. This effort is to bring more administrative control on a wide range of government activities.\"The core of the Kolkata district collectors' work will also involve all land acquisition under the KMC area (the land acquisition for the E/W Metro Project is currently underway), like the collector for stamp revenue and the rent controller for Kolkata. In the long run, the existing courts of the executive magistrate under the DM, South 24-Parganas, along with the executive magistrate, Sealdah, has been proposed to be brought under the ambit of the Kolkata district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16775752", "title": "Haryana govt refutes Kejriwal's charges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led Congress government in Haryana on Thursday said the allegations levelled by India Against Corruption (IAC) activist Arvind Kejriwal on favours doled out by the state government to DLF company were an attempt to gain political mileage.At a press meet on Thursday, state industries minister Randeep Singh Surjewala said, \"IAC activists have launched a concerted vilification campaign with covert political agenda by alleging that state government is favouring the DLF.\"About the alleged permission to East India Hotels Limited to sell its30 acres of land to DLF and non-construction of a hospital on the sameland, Surjewala said this land was never reserved for setting up of a hospital by the state government nor the government ever sought to acquire the land for setting up of a hospital as is being wrongly projected.\"The East India Hotels Limited company in 1995 had proposed to set up a hospital in their 15 acre land just like other private hospitals in Gurgaon. And, later the company sold the land to DLF for Rs 124.37 crore,\" he added.About the allegation of handing over of 350 acres of land to DLF for leisure and recreation project at Wazirabad village, Gurgaon, Surjewala said the entire process of land auction was done in a transparent manner.\"The issue of setting up of the project was originally conceptualized during Chautala government in 2003,\" Surjewala claimed.According to Surjewala, the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) in 2008 had fixed Rs 1700 crore as reserve price for auction of the land. \"HSIIDC, in January 2009, had floated the project through internationalcompetitive bidding process but by the closing date, only one bid of DLF was received. The HSIIDC on July 20, 2009 readvertised the project and three bids were received. Bids by Country Height, Malaysia , and Unitech Limited were rejected by the technical bid committee for failing to fulfil certain parameters. The project was awarded to DLF for Rs 1703.16 crore as it was found eligible by the technical bidcommittee,\" Surjewala explained.\"Technical bid committee or anyone else did not change any condition as is being alleged,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777143", "title": "Police yet to trace body of theft accused", "text": "INDORE: Police are yet to trace the body of the man who escaped with Rs 21 lakh from the residence of his relative, and was later killed by his friends for money. Three-member team has gone to Shirdi in search of the body as per the information furnished by the two murder accused.Earlier, police arrested Arjun Patel and Kalu, who confessed to their hands in the murder and also informed police that they had buried the body under a bridge in Shirdi.CSP, Annapurna, RS Ghuraiya said that police team including Annapurna inspector GS Chaddar is there in Shirdi to trace the body. However, they failed to trace the body on the spot mentioned by the accused, he said, adding that the police team will now contact the nearby police stations for help. \"The body might have flown in the water because the accused killed Sudhir Swami and buried his body around three months ago.\"Sudhir Swami escaped with Rs 21 lakh from the house of his maternal aunt situated in Pashrvanath Colony on June 26.Since then, the cops were trying to trace the accused and keeping tab over all his friends. Suspecting the role of few friends whose life style suddenly changed and they started living lavishly, police picked two Arjun and Kalu, who later confessed to their hands in the murder of his friend and spilled other details during interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777163", "title": "A hurrah for \u2018girl power\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At first blush, the Gandhi scion was left impressed as women-dominated Panjab University painted itself pink on Thursday afternoon. The well-nigh fair crowd cheered Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi as hundreds of students assembled in the ground adjacent to students' centre to catch his speech.As girl students' loud slogans rent the air and enthusiasm multiplied the excitement, Rahul couldn't help but say, \"I want to see a woman chief minister of Punjab in the next 10 to 15 years.\"Endorsing their huge presence, the Gandhi scion, who was wearing a long white kurta, blue jeans and black footwear, said, ''Main ek baat khas taur par mahilaon se kehna chahta hoon. There are two types of states \u2014 one that develops very fast and the other that grows slowly. We have seen that those states develop fast where women stand out... come out of their houses and work in various development projects.\"\"I want Punjab girls to come out and show the same enthusiasm in other fields. In the next 10 to 15 years, I want to see a new woman chief minister of the state,\" he added during his 9.5-minute speech. Many students, especially girls, came to the convention wearing his masks. After his address, National Students' Union of India, a student wing of Congress, presented him with a saffron 'siropa' and a blue turban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16776204", "title": "KMDA staffer, ex-deputy director try to sell govt land; arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: An employee of the KMDA and a retired deputy director of the same government agency are among three persons arrested for allegedly hoodwinking several people by \"selling\" them government plots in Salt Lake.The case has become so high profile that urban development minister Firhad Hakim is keeping the chief minister updated on the developments. The investigation is being monitored by Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar .The complaint was made by two New Delhi-based realtors last Friday. Early this week, police arrested Aloke Chatterjee, a former KMDA deputy director who retired this July, Haradhan Das, a KMDA clerk, and Sukhen Das, a broker who hangs around the land registry office. More arrests are expected.Police say a gang has been at work for seven to eight years, luring investors by claiming that there was free leasehold government land available in Salt Lake.To make their dealings look official, they even took the victims to the KMDA's Unnayan Bhawan and introduced them to \"senior officers\" who vouched for the authenticity of these fake land deals.New Delhi's Paschim Vihar-based realtor Mukesh Kumar Singhal and his partner Vivan Jindal fell into this trap, say police. In their complaint, they have mentioned meeting a land broker in September 2011, who introduced them to a central Kolkata industrialist. Singhal and Jindal were told that there were plots available for sale in Salt Lake , including KMDA land. To authenticate their claims, the broker introduced them to Haradhan Das, who introduced himself as a KMDA clerk and showed them 10-12 plots, say sources. Singhal liked plots JC-20 and JC -22.The next day, Haradhan introduced them to Chatterjee, who said he was the deputy director of the KMDA computer cell, says the complaint. Together, the broker, Chatterjee and Haradhan convinced the realtors that they had the power to sell land belonging to the urban development department. Singhal transferred Rs 260,600 to an account of urban development department and was told to pay Rs 60 lakh later. He was also given a 'land allotment letter', bearing the signature of a deputy secretary of the urban development department. Police suspect the letter and the signature were forged.Singhal had also smelt something fishy and decided to go for an independent verification of the land records of plots JC-20 and JC-22. A cross-check revealed that both the plots were not owned by the government and that they were registered in another's name. Singhal demanded his money back from the KMDA officials. They gave him a cheque that bounced. Singhal then lodged a complaint with Bidhannagar North police station.\"This racket has been going on for at least seven to eight years. I believe that many others were been duped by them. Investigations are on and it is not right for me to comment any further on this,\" Singhal told TOI from New Delhi. KMDA CEO Vivek Bharadwaj called it an \"unfortunate development\". \"These plots are not KMDA land,\" he said. The Bidhannagar police chief said the detective department is probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776362", "title": "It\u2019s playtime at JTPac", "text": "KOCHI: JTPac will host three English plays by Mumbai's young and prolific theatre group Akvarious productions from Friday to Sunday this week. The plays will be staged at 7.15pm on all three days.Classic Milds, a collection of five short pieces written by Neil Simon and Tom Stoppard , will be staged on Friday. The next two days will see two plays - Spunk directed by Tahira Nath and Hidayat Sami and Some Times written by Siddharth Kumar and directed by Akarsh Khurana. Spunk details miracles and expectations of artists when they receive an unexpected gift. Some Times is a contemporary play that showcases the difficult situations in a man's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16775767", "title": "'Callous' cops shifted for revealing victim's identity", "text": "FARIDKOT: Two days after TOI published a report on the callous way in which Ferozepur range DIG P S Umranangal and Faridkot SSP Gurinder Singh Dhillon revealed the identity of a minor rape victim at a press meet by releasing her photographs, the Punjab government on Thursday transferred the officers.The two officers had released to the media photographs of the girl garlanding the accused Nishan Singh to claim that the minor had eloped with the accused. Some other pictures of the girl and Nishan in wedding dress were also given to newspapers.The police are yet to trace the girl, who was kidnapped from her house in Faridkot on September 24 by an armed gang of seven led by Nishan.Angry over the police failure to nab the culprits, residents in the area had formed a Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee and had been staging demonstrations in the town for the past few weeks. The action committee has also called a band on Friday.The committee had flayed the two officers for revealing the identity of the girl and had alleged that this was a ploy by the cops to hide their incompetency to solve the case.The government order said Gurpreet Singh Turr will take charge as Faridkot SSP in place of Dhillon. However, the government has not given a posting for Dhillon yet.Umranangal has been shifted as DIG, border area.The girl, a class X student of a convent school, was earlier kidnapped and raped by Nishan on June 25. She was traced to a Mohali house on July 27 and in her statement to the police she had said Nishan had raped her and forced her to pose for photographs. After a medical examination, the police had slapped rape charges against Nishan in that case.Even though the cops were hunting for him, Nishan reached the girl's house on September 24 and assaulted her parents before fleeing with her. The girl and the accused are still untraced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16776219", "title": "Central Railway seeks funds from state for Kumbh facilities", "text": "NASHIK: The Central Railway (CR) has sought funds from the state government to create more amenities before the next Kumbh mela, scheduled to take place in 2015.Presenting the Rs 46.2-crore plan to the collectorate, the Railways is expecting the state government to render financial aid to the tune of Rs 15 crore as a grant that would take care of some temporary and some permanent facilities to be raised at Nashik and Odha railway stations.\"We received no government funds during the 2003-04 Kumbh mela and we managed everything on our own then. This time the influx of the pilgrims is expected to be more than double than what was then. Considering this, there is a need to provide facilities to the pilgrims and the state government's aid in the case is expected to boost facilities for the pilgrims,\" an official from the CR said.The Railways has planned a three-point programme for the development of Nashik that includes buying of land for the terminus as well. Though the railway officials were less optimistic about the Railway board sympathizing with the demands, officials said that if the state government lifted some part of the burden there were chances that the Board would also contribute for the permanent development of the Nashik Road railway station.The Rs 46.2 crore plan includes the construction of platforms, passenger amenities - waiting halls, lavatories, booking offices, reservation counters- and other things required to cater to large crowds on the west (existing) as well as the east (Sinnar-side) of the tracks.\"While major plans include shifting offices, construction of quarters, ample parking spaces, approach roads, construction of terminus etc, the works related to construction of platforms 4 and 5 at Nashik Road (railway station), make-shift arrangements related to development of waiting halls, lavatories, booking centres on temporary basis at Nashik Road and Odha railway stations, were related to the Kumbh mela,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16776337", "title": "Seminar throws spotlight on chemistry teaching", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A seminar on teaching chemistry was organised at the department of chemistry, Ewing Christian College (ECC), on Thursday. The seminar was organised by students of ECC for students of all other degree colleges and universities.Attended by around 200 undergraduate students from various colleges and universities, the Vice-Chancellor of Rajashri Tandon Open University, Prof A K Bakshi was the chief guest and the keynote speaker. He said that such seminars are very essential for the all round development of students.He said that not only is classroom teaching important but organizing such seminars also give students an opportunity to explore their leadership skill which later on prove vital.He also mentioned that the study of Chemistry must be taken very seriously, especially at junior levels when chemistry is just introduced. He emphasised that \"chalk and talk\" method of teaching must be either coordinated by or replaced by ICT techniques particularly for topics which require understanding of three dimensional pictures.He said that if we want our children to study chemistry, it is important that they develop interest in chemistry at the right stage so that when they grow up and join institutes of higher learning, they are fully equipped to join research and or teaching in degree colleges and universities.At the end, Prof Bakshi gave some tips to the students as well as teachers which shall be of extreme importance for both. He applauded the efforts of the head and staff members of the department.Likewise, principal ECC, Dr M Massey, appreciated the continuous efforts invested by the Chemistry department for conducting the seminar because it is the central science of all sciences.He mentioned that this seminar has wide spread recognition and appreciation not only from students of ECC but other colleges also. He further mentioned that Chemistry department has acted like a nucleus and many other departments in the college have also organized similar activities.Attended by around 200 undergraduate students from various colleges and universities, the Vice-Chancellor of Rajashri Tandon Open University, Prof A K Bakshi was the chief guest and the keynote speaker. He said that such seminars are very essential for the all round development of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "shimla/new delhi", "code": "16774952", "title": "Congress targets Prashant for his Himachal plot", "text": "SHIMLA/NEW DELHI: Congress and activists belonging to India Against Corruption have locked horns over IAC member and Supreme Court advocate Prashant Bhushan's plot in Himachal Pradesh, with Congress citing the property as evidence of latter's hypocrisy.Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla said that while outsiders are not allowed to buy land in Himachal, Bhushan got an exemption by claiming that Kumud Bhushan Educational Society planned to build a school. \"No school has been constructed yet,\" said Shukla, demanding an investigation.Bhushan's colleague Arvind Kejriwal promptly pounced upon the Congress's demand to say that the activist would support an independent probe into the assets of Bhushan so long as that also covers the assets of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra, real estate major DLF and Union law minister Salam Khurshid who is in controversy over allegations about his trust.\"We are ready to face any investigation. Let a special investigative team be set up under the best judge in the country and let cases related to Vadra, DLF, Salman Khurshid , Prashant Bhushan be put before it. We are not afraid of any investigation. Why is Robert Vadra (afraid)?\"Prashant's father, former Union law minister Shanti Bhushan also declared that they would welcome any probe into their properties.The fresh confrontation between Congress and IAC activists is unfolding against the backdrop of the possibility over the controversy over Vadra's assets spreading to cover the bungalow that his spouse Priyanka Gandhi has built in Himachal Pradesh.The society, belonging to Prashant Bhushan, was permitted to buy 4.68 hectares of land for the construction of an educational institute on February 2, 2010. During the last winter session of the assembly in Dharamshala, revenue minister Gulab Singh Thakur, in response to a question, had informed the House that the land use change was allowed, from January 1, 2008 to November 30, 2011, under Section 118 of the Land Reforms and Tenancy Act to allow the society to buy the tea garden land.Himachal Congress leaders allege that in the past three years, thousands of acres tea gardens have been sold breaching rules. Congress MLA Sudhir Sharma, who is contesting from Dharamshala, said Section 7 of the Himachal Pradesh Land Revenue Act prohibits sale of tea gardens in the state but in the past four years, the government has granted permission for the sale of tea gardens in dozens of cases, keeping aside the provisions of the Act.State Congress president Virbhadra Singh said his party would not spare such persons who are acting as social activists but indulging in violation of laws in Himachal Pradesh. He said there is a violation of the rules on change of land use. \"We are going to view it seriously. How have they been allowed to purchase land in the state? All the violations made by the BJP government would be looked into once we come to power,\" said Virbhadhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777484", "title": "Durga Puja pandals' sponsorship picks up", "text": "PATNA: The trend of commercialization of Durga Puja has picked up in the state capital like never before. Till last year only some of the major pandals used to get sponsorships from business groups, but this year most of the pandals located in the heart of the city have been flooded with sponsorships. With funds flowing from the firms, the budgets of Puja committees have also increased.All four side gates of Shri Krishnapuri Durga Puja Samiti have already been booked for sponsorship - one by a telecom service provider and three by different liquor companies. They are shelling out Rs 40,000 each. The main gate is being sponsored by a housing firm for Rs 50,000. \"This year our budget is expected to exceed Rs 10 lakh while last year it was Rs 7.5 lakh only,\" said Rajesh Singh, president of the committee adding, \"around 15 banners have also been sponsored at Rs 7,500 each.\"\"Most of the banners are being sponsored by coaching institutes,\" Umesh Singh, president, Durga Puja Samiti, Boring Road, told TOI. He added, \"We are taking Rs 1,000 for each banner. The Samiti has placed over 20 banners all along the road. Its two main gates have already being sponsored, one by a jewellery firm and another by an electronic goods showroom, with both paying Rs 25,000 each.Durga Puja Samiti, Jagdeo Path, Moon Club, that is spending over Rs 7.5 lakh on the Durga Puja celebration, has already received sponsorship for its two gates. \"Various companies have approached us for sponsoring banners but we are yet to decide on it,\" said Ajay Kumar , treasurer of the Samiti.Three local firms have sponsored the six gates of Durga Puja Samiti, Rukanpura, at Rs 25,000 each. \"After receiving so much sponsorship this year, we have increased our budget four times compared to last year at Rs 12 lakh,\" said Subhash Kumar, member of the Samiti. He added, \"Besides the gates, we will also be putting banners for sponsorship at Rs 1,000 each, but their number would depend on the number of companies approaching us.\"Even Durga Puja Samiti, Khajpura Shiv Mandir, has received sponsorship from a telecom service provider and a liquor firm. \"For the remaining gates and banners, we are holding discussions with various companies. The cost of gates varies from Rs 5,000 to Rs 15,000 and for banners from Rs 250 to Rs 1,000, depending on the place where it is located,\" said Kedar Nath Singh, president of the Samiti.There are some pandals who are willing to put their gates up for sponsorship but have yet not generated any interest among advertisers. \"Most of the companies start approaching us from 'panchami', so we are still hopeful of receiving sponsorship,\" said Upendra Singh, president, Shri Shri Durga Puja Samiti, Sheikhpura Durga Ashram, that is spending over Rs 6.5 lakh on the celebration. He added, \"We are giving our two gates for sponsorships at Rs 10,000 each while the number of banner would depend on the number of ads we get and their price would vary from Rs 1,000 to Rs 5,000.\" Similarly, Durga Puja Samiti, Dak Bungalow, has not yet received any sponsorship. Sanjeev Prasad 'Tony', president of the Samiti, said, \"We are awaiting sponsorship but haven't received any so far.\"On the other hand, there are some Durga Puja committees who do not favour this commercialization and have kept their doors closed for sponsorship. They include Shri Shri Durga Puja Samiti Bachcha Party, Patna Junction, Panchmukhi Hanuman Mandir Durga Puja Samiti Vyavasaya Sangh, Boring Canal Road, Sonatoli Shri Chandi Ki Devi and Shri Bharat Mandir Vikas Parishad, Nuruddinganj, Patna City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775622", "title": "All allegations against Vadra baseless, says CM Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Thursday said charges by Arvind Kejriwal of the IAC ( India Against Corruption ) against Robert Vadra were baseless and not supported by proof.\"There should be proof to support an allegation and from what I have gathered, the allegations are wild,\" Gehlot said while talking to reporters about the allegations made by Kejriwal. The chief minister also said Kejriwal and his team should go to court if they have proof against Vadra. \"Several cases were lodged against prominent people in the past, the same could be done now,\" he said.Gehlot further said the Congress has made its position very clear on the issue. \"The party spokespersons have spoken about it and finance minister P Chidambaram has also spoken,\" Gehlot said.Allegations made against him and his family members in the past could not stand scrutiny in the courts, he affirmed.\"Around eight months ago, allegations had been hurled against me saying that my son or others had done this or that but all these charges were rejected in the courts,\" the chief minister said.\"If allegations are made against me or my son, the media took it in a particular manner because I happen to be the chief minister of a state,\" he said on the headlines his negative stories that media had reported. Referring to BJP, Gehlot also said the party had deputed some of its leaders only to hurl allegations at him and Congress. \"All that they do is only make allegations. If you make allegations you should also give proof and answer questions asked by the media,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774741", "title": "It's smooth sailing for CAT on day one", "text": "HYDERABAD: The first day of CAT 2012 passed off smoothly with students stating that the question papers were mostly error-free in both the forenoon and the afternoon slots. Unlike in the past three years since CAT went online, the examination held on Thursday had no technical snags. The test was conducted in three centres in Hyderabad and one in Vizag. A total of 60,000 students had registered for the examination from the city. The examination will be held till November 6.However, while Prometric, the online testing agency for CAT had mentioned a confidentiality clause meant to prevent students from discussing questions in any forum , on day one, several CAT questions were already placed on online forums. CAT experts from the city, however, maintained that the authenticity of the questions floating online cannot be verified and hence students planning to take CAT in the coming days should not rely on such info.\"Students should not waste their valuable time searching for information pertaining to this year's CAT paper, especially when there is a risk of being misled by incorrect information,\" said the press release of TIME, a coaching institute. The institute pointed out that in the previous years, several miscreants had spread wrong information about CAT questions to mislead other candidates.The experts said there were hardly any surprises in the question paper this year. The exam followed the same pattern as that of last year with sections including quantitative analysis and verbal parts being tougher than data interpretation (DI) and reading comprehension (RC). While the paper was largely balanced, some questions were tough to crack, they said.While the pattern remained the same, the quantum of marks for each question and the negative marking had not been mentioned. \"Since the scoring pattern is equating and scaling, different marks could be assigned for different questions and the negative marks could also vary. In the process of relative grading, it is not possible for all questions to have equal marks as difficulty level of each of the questions could be different,\" said an expert. \"The students who are about to take the test should stick to the basics of coaching. The paper in all sections follows the same pattern as that of last year. Much importance is given to number and logic,\" said ARKSS Srinivas, CEO, Vista Mind coaching centre. Experts said different students were given different questions in the same slots. \"There were three sections in each of the subjects and the third section had different questions in different papers. There is a possibility that these questions could be repeated in the coming days,\" said a student who took his examination from Prometric testing centre, Road No. 2, Banjara Hills.Experts said scoring about 100 marks out of a total of 180 would ensure a call from at least one of the IIMs.\"The testing agency extrapolates the marks tabulated out of 180 into a score of 450. The cut offs of the score is difficult to calculate but over 100 marks should assure students of an IIM call,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776127", "title": "Three-day Bengali drama festival to present legendary plays", "text": "NAGPUR: It's celebration time for the vibrant Bengali community in the city. Amid preparations for the impending Durga pujo what's adding to the excitement is the Bengali Drama festival which is scheduled to be held from 12th October at Vasantrao Deshpande hall.Organized jointly by the Bengali Education Society, Bengali Association and the Pashchim Nagpur Bangio Samiti, the three-day theatre festival will feature Soumitra Chattopadhyay's play 'Tritiya Onko - Otoeb' in which the actor will share stage with his daughter Poulomi Basu. 'Hridmajhare', an adaptation from William Shakespeare's 'As you like it', will be staged on the second day. A mega hit in W. Bengal this play features prominent actors Anirban Ghosh, Bindiya Ghosh and Anirban Roy Chowdhury. Bhishma Sahni's play 'Madhavi', to be staged on the concluding day has been directed by noted actress Swatilekha Sengupta and features legendary actor Rudraprasad Sengupta and Dev Shankar Haldar.It is after a very long gap that theatre returns during pujo celebrations in the city. For eighty long years, theatre was regularly held during Durga Puja says Shyamal Chatterjee a theatre enthusiast who acted in these plays for twenty years. \"At the Durga puja pandal in Dhantoli, dramas used to be staged after midnight when the exhibition closed,\" he says. Those were times when there were no restrictions for pandals to close by eleven. The plays used to be local adaptations of popular Bangala dramas staged in Kolkata. Luminaries like Tarun Bhaduri would actively take part in the presentations. \"Political plays were very popular but we had to take police permission for staging them,\" says Chatterjee. These plays used to go on till wee hours but by late eighties police strictures and waning audience interests gradually put a stop to this activity.Theatre was replaced by Bengali cinema which would be screened in the pandals between 10pm till midnight but that too stopped due to an insipid response.For the theatre loving Bengali population in the city, this festival comes as a much desired event. \"We are trying to revive the theatre culture in our community through this event,\" says Pradip Ganguly, secretary of Bengali Education Society. Describing the timing of the event as a coincidence which they all have liked he adds, \"We have come back with these extremely popular mega plays and hope to make this an annual event.\" Most of the legendary actors in the plays are well into their seventies. They are active and doing a fine job on the stage. \"But if we delay staging these plays in the city for another couple of years they may not be willing to make the journey,\" says Ganguly. The festival will be inaugurated by noted playwright Mahesh Elkunchwar.The organizers are issuing season passes for the festival but say that they are turning down many requests. \"The last two rows in Deshpande hall are not fit for seating. Thus we are able to issue only eight hundred passes,\" says Ajit Bose, one of the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16775771", "title": "Homestay on mind, youth want good institutes, jobs brought here", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They do not want political propagandas or false promises from their leaders but good schools of management, engineering and law and MNCs and top industry in the state. These are the voices of the young brigade which will exercise its franchise for the first time in this assembly election.Himachal Pradesh may be the most sought after destination of tourists - both domestic and international -- but when it comes to education or job opportunities, the youth have to leave their homes and opt for places far away. And, these first-time voters are shying away from giving a thumbs-up to this hilly state that is famous with for its picturesque locations and religious places.Absence of good quality engineering and management colleges forces hundreds of local students to go to Chandigarh, Delhi and even as far as Pune and Bangalore to pursue higher studies. There are many voices of discontent in the student community and they usually remain unheard during elections. Out of frustration, some have decided to boycott all political parties by filling 49-0 form.\"There is not even a single law or management college that features in top 50. For how long you can depend on tourism business. The field has reached saturation-level and we need to look at other avenues to earn our livelihood,\" said Priyanshu Negi, 22, from Kinnaur, who is doing MBA from a Delhi college.Rupali Vashisht, 23, who is pursuing law from Bangalore, told TOI, \"This would be my first vote and I have decided to boycott all political parties. I'll be in my hometown, Shimla , on November 4 and will filling 49-O form.\"The state has two good engineering colleges - IIT, Mandi, and NIT, Hamirpur, but there too students have to compete at national level. Besides, students feel that good MNCs and job opportunities are lacking in the state.\"Though our government boasts of bringing industry and setting up business clusters in towns like Baddi and Solan, they are of no use if you are graduating from a good college. They employ a huge chunk of local population but offer very low-graded jobs,\" claimed Akshay Chauhan, 23, who is doing law at Panjab University, Chandigarh, and hails from Chamba.Four photo quotes:\"I did my law degree from Amritsar, then I moved to Bangalore to do MBA. This was just because of the pathetic education infrastructure in my home state. Not that the situation is getting any better. There is not even a single party in the state which talks about setting up a good engineering, management or law school in the state,\" said Ashish Sharma, 25, who is from Mandi and now based in Bangalore.\"I love Himachal Pradesh and never did want to leave it. But I had to because there is no good MBA college in the state. I had got over 98 percentile in CAT and had to come to Pune for pursuing further studies from a good institute,\" said Ajay Thakur, 22, from Darang area in Mandi-Kullu belt.\"I've done mechanical engineering from a private university in Punjab and was getting very good offers from Haryana and Mumbai. But when I explored the job market in Baddi, the situation was really dismal. I'm really disappointed over the job opportunities available in Himachal,\" said Ankush Sharma, 23, a mechanical engineer from Una district.\"After doing my Class 12, I was clueless about my future plans. I wanted to sit for civil services exam after graduation but there was not much exposure in my hometown. We have some colleges in HP but they are not up to the mark. So I had to leave my home with a heavy heart,\" said Vishakha Sharma, a native of Hamirpur, who is doing BSc at a private city college in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "anantapur", "code": "16774627", "title": "Flower shower infects Naidu's eye", "text": "Anantapur: With overenthusiastic party workers and followers showering flowers and flower petals on him during his ongoing 'Vastunna Meekosam' padayatra, which entered the 10th day, TDP president Chandrababu Naidu suffered an eye infection on Thursday.Local party leaders brought in specialists to check Naidu's eyes. Doctors advised the TDP leaders and workers to stop showering flowers or petals on him as they could cause severe infection. Sources said the doctors advised rest but Naidu continued with his padayatra.But Naidu set out a little late at around 11 am on Thursday from Penakalapadu village in Dhanekulla mandal with party MLC Govinda Reddy and party in-charge Deepak Reddy joining him. Following the doctors' advice, local leaders appealed to the cadres not to shower flowers on Naidu. Sources said that Naidu could round up his yatra earlier in the evening than usual due to eye infection and take rest.Addressing roadside meetings, Naidu lashed out at the Congress and the YSR Congress for 'plundering' the state's wealth. He came down heavily on the policies of the Congress government and said they were 'looting' the state. \"The industrialists are afraid of investing in the state because of the misdeeds of the Congress rulers,\" he said.Pointing to the Supreme Court's recent order while denying bail to Jaganmohan Reddy, he said the court questioned the YSRCP leader as how he amassed huge amount in a short span. Talking about Chiranjeevi for the first time during his yatra, Naidu said social justice did not mean anything for the former PRP leader. He promised to introduce a special package to Anantapur district to fight the fluoride menace if his party was voted to power. When a fan wanted him to ride on his motorbike, Naidu obliged him by taking a ride for a short distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16779219", "title": "UP minister Vinod Kumar Singh, accused of abducting CMO, resigns", "text": "LUCKNOW: Under fire for allegedly abducting the top medical officer of Gonda, Uttar Pradesh minister of state for revenue Vinod Kumar Singh resigned on Friday.\"I have sent my resignation to the chief minister as I am a devoted worker of SP. I will continue to provide my services to the people of the state and my constituency Gonda as an MLA\", Singh said.Asked as to why he was stepping down, Singh said, \"I think some people are trying to malign the image of the party taking my name and I don't want this to happen\".Asked about his involvement in the abduction of the CMO, Vinod Singh alias Pandit Singh maintained that he was innocent.The state government had on Thursday ordered a high-level inquiry into the alleged abduction of the chief medical officer of Gonda S P Singh.Sources in the government said Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and SP President Mulayam Singh Yadav had taken strong note of the media reports in this regard.According to the reports, the CMO was allegedly abducted by the minister as he was \"unhappy\" over the refusal to accommodate his nominees on the list of doctors on contract recruited by the district health department under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777139", "title": "3-day international meet begins at Indian Institute of Management Indore", "text": "INDORE: A three-day international conference on knowledge and wisdom through shared learning started on Thursday at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I), Indore. The conference is being organized to bring together and provide a platform to library and information science professionals, academicians and educationists to present papers, discuss, exchange views and experiences on various issues related to the theme.Nearly 250 delegates from different parts of the world gathered to attend eight different sessions scheduled during the conference. In his brief welcome address, Dr Parvez Akhtar, organizing secretary of the conference said that a total of 122 papers were received, of which only 76 papers were accepted for publication in the conference proceedings. Dr N Ravichandran, director of the institute congratulated Management Libraries Network and Librarian (MANLIBNET) for organizing the event. The conference volume and the first issue of the Journal of Library Management was also released by the director.On the occasion, Dr H Anilkumar, president, MANLIBNET, IIM Ahmedabad informed the members about different initiatives that have recently been taken by the institution. To promote excellence in librarianship, MANLIBNET identifies the best talent in the field of library services on an annual basis. This year, the Best Librarian Award was conferred to B P Prakash of Tata Consultancy Services for his immense contribution to library and information science profession and achieving excellence in managing libraries, designing and pioneering innovative best practices to render best possible services to user community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774872", "title": "Gangster Mirchi fails to get back seized Juhu flats", "text": "MUMBAI: An attempt by the wife of London-based gangster and one of the world's top drug barons, Iqbal Mirchi, to get back two sprawling flats in Juhu failed in the Bombay high court. A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode dismissed the petition filed by Mirchi's wife and British national, Heena Kausar (55), a small-time yesteryear Bollywood actress, who challenged the detention order slapped against her husband.Mirchi was declared a \"proclaimed offender\" by the Indian government in 1994. A United Nations report had ranked Mirchi among the top drug barons in the world, with an Interpol Red Corner notice pending against him. Originally named Iqbal Memon, he got the nickname 'Mirchi' as he owned a spice shop at Null Bazar. He is alleged to have entered the narcotics trade in the 1980s and fled to Dubai just before the Mumbai serial blasts of 1993. Mirchi stays in London, where he has a rice trading business and owns Eden Mills.Heena, his second wife, had urged the court to revoke the detention order against her husband so that the seal on the two flats she owns in Juhu can be lifted. The flats are at Milton Apartments on Juhu Tara Road. The detention order was issued by the Union government under the anti-narcotics law after five gunny bags full of mandrax tablets were seized from a jeep outside Jewel of India restaurant in 1993. Under the law, Mirchi's properties, including the two flats in Juhu, were seized.Additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia pointed out to the court that the detention order was at the pre-execution stage as Mirchi had never returned to India to face the law. Moreover, his brother had unsuccessfully challenged the detention order. The matters, including the forfeiture of the flats, had gone right up to the Supreme Court, and Heena could not rake up the same issue which had already been decided by the courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16777729", "title": "Weavers raise grievances at handloom camp", "text": "VARANASI: The Handloom Package Camp organised by the development commissioner (handloom) at Indian Institute of Handloom Technology (IIHT), Chowkaghat premises on Thursday witnessed disruptions and chaos right from beginning of the programme.The drama started as a weaver, Faulad Ansari from Badi Bazaar area, got on to the main stage where Kiran Dhingra, secretary, textile was seated along with other officials, and charged them, banks and weavers' co-operative societies of adopting a biased attitude regarding financial packages and other schemes.Notably, the camp was organised to mark the formal beginning of distribution of welfare and developmental schemes among selected weavers. However, following Ansari, an angry mob of weavers from the city forced Dhingra and other officials to stop the symbolic distribution of weavers credit cards and weavers accessories in the middle of the programme, and demanded individual hearing of problems faced by weavers community.Abdul Matin Ansari, a weaver from Pilikothi said, \"The state government had proposed to buy 61 crore metres of woven cloth annually from handloom weavers in 2007, but the scheme is not being implemented fairly as individual weavers still have to depend on mediators and agents.\"Targeting officials of nationalised banks which are enlisted by the government for providing loans and credit cards to weavers, Rashid Jamal, another weaver from the city said, \"As far as individual weavers, who are not associated with any NGO or cooperative societies are concerned, banks neither provide them proper information nor do they offer them loans easily.\"Weavers also put forth their complaints regarding red-tapism and delay in distribution of weavers credit cards, loans, health cards, yarn passbooks, loom accessories and other benefits meant for them.Talking to weavers, Dhingra said, \"I was already aware that the weavers of this region are not getting all the benefits which they deserved. Out of 11,000 applications, only 1100 credit cards have been made, which is only 10 percent of the total target. The work will be monitored every month by officials of weavers facilitation centre and handloom department.Meanwhile, a meeting with bank officials will also be held to know why there are delays in providing loans and cards to the beneficiaries. A separate desk in every enlisted nationalised bank will be set up to deal with handloom weavers. We will also check why the mega cluster failed to appreciate weavers in Varanasi region.\"Besides, Dhingra gave detailed information about different welfare and developmental schemes to the weavers. She informed that the government is spending around Rs 500 crore annually on the welfare of handloom weavers, and said Rs 3,880 crore have been spent to help weavers be loan free. As many as 14,313 individual weavers have been made loan-free recently and banks will be directed to work on similar patterns, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16779103", "title": "Now, US says it will evaluate Narendra Modi visa application on merits", "text": "WASHINGTON: Without directly naming Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi, a senior State Department official has said that US will evaluate any visa application based on merits and according to US laws.\"As you probably know, we don't get into questions of visa matters on any particular individual. That said, we, of course, will evaluate any visa application based on its merits and in accordance with US law, so I don't have anything further on that specifically,\" assistant secretary of state for public affairs Mike hammer told reporters at a news conference on Thursday.Hammer was responding to a question on Narendra Modi in the aftermath of Britain taking decision to end its decade long policy of no-contact with him, which it took after the communal riots in the Gujarat a decade ago.\"Is there a shift in the US policy towards Modi, or not yet?\" Hammer was asked in view of the latest decision taken by the British government.The British decision to resume its contact with Modi was noted in several major American media outlets.\"Being a business-friendly government official in one of the world's fastest- growing economies can erase a lot of political baggage,\" The Washington Post said referring to the British decision, adding, that this may just be the beginning of an end to his international pariah status.\"I have asked the British High Commissioner in New Delhi to visit Gujarat and to meet the chief minister and other senior figures in the state,\" Hugo Swire , the new British minister in charge of India, said in a statement on Thursday.\"This will allow us to discuss a wide range of issues of mutual interest and to explore opportunities for closer cooperation,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16780146", "title": "Hacker exposes bug in Google Chrome browser, wins $60,000", "text": "NEW YORK: A hacker has won a 60,000 dollar prize from Google for finding a major security flaw in the internet search giant's Chrome browser.The anonymous teen techie, who goes by the name Pinkie Pie, cracked the problem in Chrome and won the cash prize during a hacker conference on Wednesday in Kuala Lumpur .According to the New York Daily News , this is the second successful hack for Pinkie Pie this year, after he took home his first 60,000-dollar prize in March.Google engineer Chris Evans praised the teen's work, and said that Chrome was able to fix the bugs in less than ten hours after they were discovered.\"We'd like to thank Pinkie Pie for his hard work,\" Evans wrote on The Chromium Blog.According to the report, Google regularly runs contests for hackers who can expose bugs in Chrome, in an effort to make the browser more secure.In August, the company announced it would give up to two million dollar prizes to engineers who could find holes in their system, following a similar contest in February during which they offered up to one million dollars million in prizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775276", "title": "PIL seeks directive to protect citizens", "text": "BANGALORE: A PIL has been moved before the Karnataka high court seeking for a direction to the state government for preserving life and property of citizens of the state in the light of ongoing agitations in relation to the Cauvery river dispute.City advocate MK Vijayakumar has filed the petition. The petition was mentioned before a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday and the bench asked for the petition to be listed on October 19.The petitioner has claimed that chief minister Jagadish Shettar, his cabinet colleagues and the state DGP are not showing any concern towards citizens' safety despite farmers and other organisations calling for bandhs, rasta rokos daily since Sept 28 till date and preventing vehicular movement between Bangalore and Mysore and vice versa.He also claimed that though the CM and the water resources minister attended the CRA meeting on September 19, they chose to walk out in the middle of the meeting showing disrespect to the Prime Minister.The petitioner states that Cauvery agitation is being used for political gains by the ruling party.\"The state has failed in containing the agitation which may result in failure of constitutional machinery of the state. As per Article 355 of the Constitution, it is the duty of the central government to protect every sate against internal disturbance and to ensure that the governance of every state is carried on in accordance of the provisions of the Constitution,\" the petitioner has said while expressing concern over the likelihood of violence in case of an adverse order against Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777098", "title": "Get ready for mid-term polls, Sushma tells party workers", "text": "BHOPAL: Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj on Thursday asked party workers to get ready for mid-term polls. She claimed the Manmohan Singh government will not survive the winter session in Parliament and is bound to lose all allies over the foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail issue.\"Don't think general elections will be held in 2014. It can come anytime,\" Sushma Swaraj said addressing a large gathering of BJP youth wing workers here. \"The Lok Sabha polls could be even before the November 2013 assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh. There is a probability it could happen in February 2013. We are fast advancing towards mid-term polls. Be ready for it,\" she claimed.Swaraj was in Bhopal to address a Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha rally. She said the Congress-led UPA Centre has already lost its closest ally in Trinamool Congress leader and chief minister of West Bengal Mamata Banerjee. \"No matter how much the UPA allies fear the CBI, the UPA will still not be able to get support for FDI in the Lok Sabha,\" she said. According to Swaraj, neither Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav nor BSP chief Mayawati can afford to support the UPA over FDI.Attacking the UPA-Centre, Swaraj argued that it was a government that had crushed the common man with inflation while it was hobbling from one scam to another. Referring to Hindu mythology, Swaraj compared the scams as \"Triloki (of earth, the skies and the underground)\".\"The Commonwealth Games scam represented corruption on the earth, the 2G Spectrum scam was over allotment of electromagnetic waves and hence the corruption that stretched to the skies and finally the coal block allocation scam denotes the corruption of underground mines. The UPA government's corrupt practices sold the skies, the earth and the underground,'' she added.Swaraj claimed the UPA would not get any support from the BJP in the open FDI in multi-brand retail issue. \"Far from supporting the Union government, we will lead the protests on the matter. The UPA government has lost the confidence of the people,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16777161", "title": "Take quick action against offenders: EC to officials", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Election Commission (EC) has directed the poll officials that there should be no delay in initiation of action against persons involved in electoral offences.In an instruction sent to chief electoral officers of the poll-bound states, the EC has stated, \"It has come to the notice of the Commission that due to inordinate delay in initiating action by the election authorities for violation of election laws, the competent courts sometimes refuse to entertain criminal proceedings when filed after the period prescribed. In some cases, referring such cases to other authorities for advice has led to delay in initiating action.\"According to sources, officials face action when found guilty of breach of duty with regards to preparation of rolls or for conducting the polling exercise. Similarly, candidates resorting to malpractices also come under EC scanner.The provisions laid down for non-cognizable offences are that the matter be brought straight to the courts and for cognizable offences, the competent election authorities have to get first information reports (FIRs) registered with the police. The Commission has stated that the poll machinery should straightaway initiate action against those guilty without approaching or moving through the Directorate of Prosecution or any other such authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16777706", "title": "Site inspected for world class boat club", "text": "KANPUR: The first international boat club of the city will be set up near Lohia Park along the upstream of Ganges river at Ganga barrage. An expert team consisting Indian Kayaking and Canoeing Association's VS Kushwaha, secretary of the association Colonel VS Negi and city commissioner Narendra Kumar Singh Chauhan, besides officials of Irrigation department visited the barrage on Wednesday to inspect the site.The district administration is planning to develop Ganga Barrage as a tourist spot and establishment of a boat club as river sports is a step in that direction.Coordinator of a high-power technical committee Neeraj Srivastava informed that right side of the barrage in up stream was a perfect place for boat club and river sports. Water in that area was in abundance therefore it was an ideal place for the club.The general secretary of national body assured to organize a national championship in proposed boat club in the year 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16778701", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan's b'day bash: Big night of nostalgia", "text": "It was rocking. The man is unbeatable,\" R Balki screamed on the phone at 5 am after partying the whole night to bring in the Big B's birthday. And Shah Rukh Khan had tweeted about how he had \"Danced with Amitji and Jaya aunty to all the songs I have grown up listening.\" We find out all that went on at the big bash.Incidentally, it was 4.30 am when Amitabh Bachchan's 70th birthday bash finally came to an end at the Reliance Mediaworks in Film City, Goregaon. But the Bachchans had little time to recuperate from the celebrations. The next day, the family had to prepare for the release of the book on Big B at the Nehru Centre.Though all guests have been praising the party - Karan Johar for instance called the B70 bash \"a beautiful blend of nostalgia, reverence and legendary acknowledgement\" - Mrs Sr B wasn't too satisfied. She was heard telling a friend that the arrangements could have been much better, if only she had more manpower at her disposal to obey what she really wanted done.The evening was filled with 'recollections'. Guests unanimously thought that the speech by Big B's brother Ajitabh was the most moving part of the night-long celebration. \"It was like a biographical account of Amitji's life as seen through the eyes of a younger brother. It started with the elder brother as a child taking his kid brother all round the house on a tricycle. Ajitabh spoke for a good 30 minutes. \"On the flip side, guests complained about the traffic from the Film City entrance to the party venue. For instance, Farah Khan had tweeted on her way to the party, along with a picture of her and Shirish Kunder: \"In case we don't make it to Amitji's party (coz of the traffic jam of tsunami proportions) this is what we are looking like.\" However, like a guest said, once at the party venue, everything was forgotten. \"Three floors were done up for the bash. One floor was an audio-visual venue for the Big B's life and films. The third floor had a big dance area.The sit-in dinner was organised on the second floor.,\" said a guest.But with more people turning up than was expected, the dinner area got too crowded. \"Jayaji requested some invitees proceed to a buffet style dinner that was set up in the bar area,\" said a guest. And many stayed right up till morning when Abhishek and Shweta personally saw them out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776876", "title": "Rape accused gets 7 years\u2019 rigorous imprisonment", "text": "CHENNAI: A women's court on Thursday sentenced a 26-year-old man to seven years of rigorous imprisonment for raping a 15-year-old girl. Mahila court judge Meena Sateesh also imposed a fine of Rs 15,000 on Mohammed Sheriff, 26, the accused from Purasawalkam.According to the prosecution, the accused is an autorickshaw driver who took children to school. The victim was one of the children he ferried.On July 15, 2009, Mohammed Sheriff kidnapped her. He took her to Nagpur, Tirupati and Mysore and stayed in hotels in these places for a month and raped her. When he returned along with the victim, he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774521", "title": "Girl kills self over failure to clear exam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Failing to clear the medical entrance test, an 18-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide out of despair here on Thursday. Police found Satabdi Jena's body hanging inside the bathroom of her hostel in Kharavel Nagar area in the state capital.Police found a suicide note, purportedly written by Jena in the bathroom. \"The note indicated that she committed suicide for failing to clear the entrance test. She did not hold anyone responsible before taking the extreme step,\" Kharavel Nagar inspector Manoj Kumar Samant told TOI. \"I am sorry. I failed to perform in the exam,\" Samant quoted the letter as saying. It is a clear case of suicide, said Samant, ruling out any foul play.A resident of Rourkela, Jena recently took admission in a private coaching centre near her hostel. She ended her life at the absence of anyone in the hostel. \"Nobody was present when the incident occurred. Her roommates found her hanging after returning from class,\" Samant said. \"They rushed to a private hospital where doctors declared her dead,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhina", "code": "16777384", "title": "Full house here", "text": "LUDHINA: Students of School of Communication Studies, Panjab University, have formed a club with the view to spread word about meaningful cinema. Neha Miglani plugs in hey aim to inspire others through meaningful cinema. Meet the members of 70mm Film Club, which has been formed by students of School of Communication Studies (SCS), Panjab University. The aim of the club is to create awareness on issues concerning the society and promote films and documentaries that touch people's lives.Though still quite new, this film club created by a group of youngsters has already been inviting directors and other people associated with movies and cinema.\"Most of the documentaries that we screen are either national award winning films or those with some meaning attached to them,\" said Ishaan Bhagra, who runs the club along with other students including Silky Chandwani, who assists him, Husaain, who manages technical aspects and Rupinder Kaur, who is the club's treasurer. The group has been managing the club along with their other friends from SCS. The club has already screened movies like \"Boom\", \"Black Friday,\" besides \"Inqlab\" made by local director Gaurav Chhabra among others.Aspiring to replicate the model being followed by best of movie clubs in other institutes and states, the club now allows students of other departments to enjoy the shows too. \"Initially we had started the club for students of SCS, but later when we saw the response of students from other departments who wanted to watch meaningful cinema and take a break from their studies, we decided to open the membership of the club for them too,\" said Silky. Their message, say these students is to spread the word about meaningful cinema.Silky, a second-year student of the school added, \"It has just been one month since we started the club, but ever since the response of students has been really good.\"During the exam days, the club members make sure to de-stress students by making them watch easy, light movies, say members. \"We don't want students to watch serious stuff during exams, so we make sure we have a nice mix of movies,\" said Ishan.\"We showcase unique movies through this club so that they add value to a student's life. Since the club is still very new, we have been making announcements in all classes urging students to come and join us,\" said another member. The creators of the club claim to have gone to all classes in various departments to ensure that everyone gets to know about the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777203", "title": "Congress leaders seek Rahul\u2019s help", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The voices for restoration of chief commissioner's post in the city are getting louder after the removal of disturbed area tag. And on Thursday, a group of local leaders of the Congress and municipal councillors urged Congress general secretary and MP Rahul Gandhi to help them reinstate the chief commissioner's post here. Significantly, the move has come from the Congress at a time when their senior party leader Shivraj Patil is heading the city as its administrator. Local party leaders however feel that the system is not running properly and the chief commissioner system would bring in more accountability.During a short meeting that the local leaders had with Rahul they told him that the present system was not favourable for the public and many works got stuck due to various reasons including things moving sluggishly. Harmohinder Singh Lucky, Congress state district president-I while taking to TOI said, \"We told Rahul Gandhi that public works were suffering in the present set-up and many crucial public projects had not come through during the last many years due to official sloth. There was an urgent need for restoration of chief commissioner's post, so that residents could approach him easily for fulfillment of their genuine demands.\"The delegation requested Rahul for his support to have mayor in council in Chandigarh to give more powers to councillors. They told him that the municipal corporation was a toothless body. The delegation also demanded to increase the \"lal dora\" of villages and the facility for provision of schedules caste certificates here. Though Rahul gave them a patient hearing, he said this time he had mainly come to Punjab and he would soon come to the city and discuss these points in detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16775867", "title": "Scam rocks Gr Noida varsity, probe starts", "text": "NOIDA: A two-member technical committee formed by the UP government on the recommendation of the Lokayukta has begun an enquiry into alleged financial impropriety in purchase of books and other study materials over the last two years in Gautam Buddha University in Greater Noida. The state government gave the green signal for the probe by the committee two days back.Comprising former NCERT director, JS Rajput, and a member of the board of management of the university, RS Yadav, the committee will probe into alleged financial bungling to the tune of around Rs 2.25 crore in the purchase of books pertaining to subjects including engineering, science and technology, and law.The committee, which will also probe into allegations of impropriety in the appointment of teachers at the university over the last years, has been set a time limit of two months to complete its enquiries and submit a report to the Lokayukta. \"The committee would probe into several aspects related to the procurement of books including the terms of reference of the university with the sellers of the books and the commission paid in lieu of the purchases,\" said UP Lokayukta, Justice (Retd) NK Mehrotra.Enquiries would be conducted by the committee to verify if books were procured from dead stocks of companies. \"It would also be probed to verify if the books were procured from black-listed companies,\" Mehrotra added.The Lokayukta informed that as per complaints, appointment of teachers at various posts has been reportedly causing an annual loss of around Rs 45 lakh to the state exchequer as salaries. The committee would probe into allegations that teachers have been appointed despite not meeting qualification criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779439", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Varadhi to release on Jan 11", "text": "Young rebel star Prabhas' upcoming romantic entertainer Vaaradhi (tentatively titled) will release on January 11. Production house inform that the makers are planning to launch the audio in December and release the film for Sankranthi festival.The film is currently being shot in Italy where the unit is filming a song on Prabhas and Richa Gangopadhyay. The unit is expected to be back in the third week of this month and commence the next schedule from October 19. Debutante director Koratala Siva is planning to wrap up the entire shooting by November and get the first copy ready by December. Anushka Shetty is playing the other female lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16774921", "title": "Two tech firm workers found dead in their flat toilets", "text": "BANGALORE: The similarities are chilling: two men working for top tech firms were found dead under mysterious circumstances in HSR Layout.Both men had troubled marital lives, both were into excessive drinking and their decomposed bodies were found in the toilets of their flats. The only difference is that one was found on Wednesday night, and the other on Thursday morning.Police are in a tizzy over these parallel deaths, and say that initial indicators point to the men having suffered cardiac arrests.The victims were identified as IBM employee and Thiruvananthapuram native Franklyn Mendes, 35, and Wipro staffer and Bihar native Ravishankar Thakur, 42. While Mendes had separated from his wife, Thakur was a divorcee.Postmortems were conducted on the bodies of both men and police are waiting for the reports.Late on Wednesday night, HSR Layout police received a call from Wipro, informing them that Thakur had not turned up for work for two consecutive days, and that he was not responding to calls on his mobile.Police immediately headed to Thakur's flat, No 210, Shobha Daffodils in Somasundarapalya. They broke open the door to find Thakur's decomposed body in the toilet. Police suspect that he died two days earlier.Around 10.30am Thursday, HSR Layout police received a call from the residents' association of Reliable Apartments, that a foul smell was emanating from flat No 004 of Franklyn Mendes. Police rushed to the spot and tried opening the flat door, but it was locked from inside. Policemen got into the flat through the balcony and found Franklyn's decomposed body in the bathroom.Andrew Mendes, Franklyn's brother, told police that his brother was an asthma patient. He was married for four years and had a three-year-old child. His wife separated from him last year and moved to Thiruvananthapuram.\"Bottles of alcohol were found in Franklyn's house. The last time someone contacted him was on Sunday, so we suspect that he died the same night,\" said a police officer. \"We were also told by family members that he was into excessive drinking after he separated from his wife,\" he added.Bottles of alcohol were also found in Thakur's residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775421", "title": "Krishna urges Lankan Tamil delegates to resume talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister S M Krishna again called for early resumption of talks for political reconciliation in Sri Lanka in a meeting with a seven-member delegation of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) led by R Sampanthan. The TNA had pulled out of talks in January after the Lankan government came up with the proposal that further negotiations be carried out through a Parliament Select Committee (PSC).President Mahinda Rajapaksa has himself declared that the talks - of which 18 rounds had taken place before January \u2014 will remain suspended until TNA joins PSC. India took up the issue with the Lankans during Rajapaksa's recent visit here insisting that talks must resume while describing TNA as a credible alliance.The delegation also called on PM Manmohan Singh. Sampanthan conveyed to both the leaders that the TNA would consider joining the PSC on finding a political solution provided the Rajapaksa government gives a firm assurance that they would not be \"cheated again\".Terming the meeting with Singh and Krishna as \"extremely good\", he said the TNA told Singh that the party was committed to achieving a political solution but would want an assurance from the Sri Lankan government that the \"negativity\" would be removed.\"Prime Minister said India would never backtrack from its position that Tamils in Sri Lanka should lead a life of dignity and self respect in a peaceful environment. He told us that India is fully with Sri Lankan Tamils and would continue to engage with TNA,\" Sampanthan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16776357", "title": "Slack pace keeps Cheetah mobile force from taking leap", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Set up with the objective of tackling incidents of crime in any part of the city at the shortest notice, the Cheetah mobile force of the district police has failed to fulfill its objective. Recent incidents of crime in the city saw no action by the mobile squad which remained a mere showpiece at different crossings.Cheetah force launched few months back with much ado as a rapid action force to take on criminals at the shortest notice comprised two armed constables each, riding a motorcycle equipped with a handheld wireless set and other necessary equipment. Senior officials had claimed the force would go a long way to check organised crime in the city on a routine basis.Senior superintendent of police Mohit Agarwal had said while introducing the force that it would remain stationed at all important crossings to take prompt action whenever an incident of crime occurred.But the force remained mute spectator when a woman was robbed near Clock Tower crossing on Wednesday. Family members of the victim who informed were shocked at the apathy of the personnel as they expressed inability to leave the spot and visit the scene of crime till official instructions.Similar were views of residents of some other localities in old city areas who said instead of serving any good Cheetah force cops only park two-wheelers haphazardly and create traffic bottlenecks at places like Atala crossing, Meerapur crossing.On the other hand, the personnel are nowhere to be seen around the vehicles and since public hesitate from moving the two-wheelers, traffic congestion persists, said a resident, Anuj Khanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16777713", "title": "Gharial rescued from canal", "text": "KANPUR: Two days after it was first spotted by villagers, a nearly five-feet long gharial was rescued from Datawali bridge area in Etawah district by forest department personnel and volunteers of society for conservation of nature on Thursday.The forest department officials were informed of the gharial which had strayed into the canal near Datawali bridge on Tuesday night.Forest department sources said the gharial had earlier been released in the Ganga by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) in Meerut's Hastinapur area and was possibly swept away by strong water current in the recent floods. The gharial will be handed over to WWF which will re-introduce it into the river. At present, it has been kept at the district forest department office, sources said.\"On Thursday, passersby noticed the reptile as it was trying to crawl out of the canal possibly in search of food. The frightened people shouted and threw stones at it, which made the gharial go back into the canal,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature, who later reached the spot and rescued the gharial.The sighting of the gharial near Datawali sent ripples of excitement in the area with locals thronging the spot in huge numbers.\"I was on my way to Etawah bazar when we came across a huge crowd that had assembled near the bridge,\" said Dharampal, a local.On August 8, a gharial was found dead in Chambal river near Udi bridge in Etawah district.Again on September 3, the carcass of a 3.7 metre female gharial was found floating in Chambal river near Patharra Kheda, under the limits of National Chambal sanctuary in Etawah district.In 2007, gharial (Gavialis gangeticus) was listed as \"Critically Endangered\" in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Nearly 200-300 gharials are believed to be left in the Chambal river and Katarniya Ghat and 2000-3000 across all of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777141", "title": "All set to get that ritzy look this navratri", "text": "INDORE: The much-loved festival of youngsters is just round the corner, and they seem to be preparing for it with zeal. The costumes, jewellery, make up, frequent trips to beauty salons, and for some disciplined month long practice for the garba dance, this fortnight is surely going to be pleasantly hectic for the revelers.Owner of a local salon Heena Jaiswal is all set to get all ritzy for the lively festival of Navratri. Heena's plans to dress for the dance of garba this year are to keep it unique yet traditional.\"I plan to wear three- fourth Chaniya choli as they look very trendy and are also convenient to dance in\" said Heena adding \"Jewellery cannot be ignored. They complete the look and this year I plan use kaudi shells a lot. They are my personal favourite.\"Heena Linjara, 24 has similar plans for the occasion.\"I have booked bright-coloured Chaniya-Choli. I prefer colors like orange, pink and red as they stand out in the lighting when we play garba. For the jewellery part, I prefer multi-coloured ones as they go with anything you wear. But I also like to keep the budget in mind,\" said Heena when she was on her way to the garba practice.34-year-old housewife Rashmi Tondon, who has been practising garba for almost two weeks in Shalimar township says, \"I am going to rent heavy Chaniya Choli, and will complete the look with metal and multi-coloured jewellery.\"It's not just the girls who are charmed by the festivities of Navratri.Engineer by profession, Vinit Nagar says \"It is fun to dance. Also, one gets to meet new people on such occasions.\" When asked about the dress for the occasion, he said, \"I am going to be in typical kathiwadi attire, with a shirt and a dhoti to match.\"Owner of a local salon Monish Jaiswal sheds light on what kind of make-up is trending this season.\"This season is going to witness a riot of colours. We are using 5-9 colours just for the eye makeup\" informed Monish enthusiastically. \"The jewellery in demand this year comprises stone jewellery the most. Multi-coloured stone jewellery is going be a favourite of most of the youngsters.Coming to hairstyles, retro look will dominate it mainly, high buns and bouffant will be there along with the fish braid, Italian braid, French braid and alike.\"The excitement for the garba fest doesn't end here at the makeup and clothes. Everyone wants to look his/her best during the festival and Indoreans do not mind spending moolah for the occasion.Owner of another salon Ashalata Shah says, \"Girls throng ahead of navratri to look their best. Treatments like skin lightening and body polishing will be in demand along with de-tanning and skin brightening. People keep their makeup light for the occasion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774972", "title": "Mother disowns Mafatlal scion as her legal heir", "text": "MUMBAI: Traumatized by his recent use of language \"unbefitting a son\", the 79-year-old matriarch of the Mafatlal family, Madhuri, on Tuesday issued a public notice declaring that she \"disowns Atulya Mafatlal as her son and legal heir\".Published in a city-based newspaper, the notice stated that Madhuri \"presently and hereinafter for all times\" has \"only one son, Ajay Mafatlal, and three married daughters Kunti Shah, Gayatri Jhaveri and Malavika Taktawala who shall be only considered as my children\". On another page of the Tuesday edition of the same daily was a similar public notice by Ajay, which declared that he \"disowns Atulya as his brother and legal heir\". The notices appended another chapter to the long-running Mafatlal feud that has undergone dramatic twists and turns.Seven years ago, it was Madhuri pitted against Atulya and his second wife Sheetal over the 10,000-sq-ft family mansion, Mafatlal Bungalow, on Altamount Road. Last year, it was Sheetal versus the rest of the family over, among other things, heirlooms and precious paintings. The second quarrel partially ended in August this year as Atulya tendered a lengthy apology to Sheetal, where he said he \"fell prey to the woman who gave birth to him\".Madhuri's notice, issued through advocates Devmani Shukla and Vijayprakash Yadav, made a reference to Atulya's apology. It read: \"This notice is being issued in the interest of general public to inform them that Atulya Mafatlal by his past and present conduct has already disowned by our client Madhuri Mafatlal. And the fact is now evident from the contents of the consent terms of July 2, 2012, executed by Atulya and others before the high court wherein absolutely inappropriate language was used not befitting a son against his mother (sic).\"The notice added that the consent terms of the detente were \"widely published by the media, causing tremendous physical and mental harassment and trauma to our client, who aged 79 is suffering from various old age-related ailments.\"Sources close to Madhuri said she was \"extremely hurt and shocked\" by Atulya's behaviour and the \"callous, hurtful manner in which he referred to her\" while settling with Sheetal.The settlement came a year after the feud erupted. It began when Atulya's daughter from his first marriage, 19-year-old Marushka, accused Sheetal of stealing paintings, family silver and jewellery worth crores from Mafatlal Bungalow. Within days, the battle snowballed as family members vilified each other with charges of torture and domestic violence.When contacted on Thursday, Atulya said he was not aware of any notices issued by his mother or brother. Ajay was not reachable despite repeated attempts.Sheetal too could not be contacted, though her lawyer Zulfi Memon said, \"It was a matter between mother and son. As Sheetal's representative, I have nothing to react to. Atulya must have realized the truth has not gone down well with his family who had an ulterior motive which is known now.\"Atulya, in his apology to Sheetal, had referred to \"family atrocities\" since 2005 and how the two bore them together while the \"woman who gave birth to me\" and \"other blood relatives filed unwarranted and baseless cases against you, causing emotional and physical upheaval\".He said his mother and brother Ajay were responsible for clouding his \"better judgment\", given that Sheetal had never given him cause for complaint. The theft charge, he wrote, was incorrect and \"devised\" by his family to \"malign Sheetal's social and public repute\". Atulya said the family's intention was based on \"personal vendetta they harboured all these years\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "16777433", "title": "Teachers gherao Ara Town police station", "text": "ARA: Hundreds of primary schoolteachers and residents of Ara gheraoed the Town police station and also pelted stones in protest against arrest of teachers and members of Citizen Forum on Thursday.The teachers were protesting the district administration order to schools to remain open and cancel the leaves on October 14, the day chief minister Nitish Kumar will visit the town on his 'Adhikar Yatra'. They burned the copies of the order.The members of the Citizen Forum were protesting the erratic power supply. They have planned to show black flags to CM during his visit. The administration arrested 24 persons from both the organizations and kept them at Ara Town police station. As soon as the teachers and residents of the area knew about their arrest, they gheraoed the police station. In retaliation, the police resorted to mild lathi-charge. The gherao continued till the last report came in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16776936", "title": "Dharwad jail inmates turn horticulturists", "text": "HUBLI: Prisoners at the Central jail in Dharwad have initiated into horticulture activities, which helps them spend their time meaningfully and also makes the jail self-sufficient in its day-to-day vegetable needs.The Dharwad jail has 20 acres of land in its premises, belonging to the Central Jail Authority. As most part of it was lying unused, around 20 prisoners with agriculture background decided to make the most of it and ventured into growing horticulture crops like maize, soybean, lady's finger, beans, brinjal, radish, tomatoes and pulses.Vegetables grown in the jail premises are being used for daily consumption of 480 inmates. Their daily requirement is 50 kg per day. After meeting the demand, remaining vegetables are sometimes sold in the market outside. So, except for onion and potato, the prison authorities do not usually have to buy any vegetable from outside. Also, prisoners get the benefit of consuming fresh vegetables every day.All the 20 prisoners, who are working on the field and growing vegetables, are serving life term for their involvement in different cases including murder. There is scope for every prisoner to reform and lead a dignified life after serving the sentence.A prisoner who did not wish to be named said, \"It was tough for us sitting in the jail without doing anything. We did not know how to kill time. A few months ago, the idea of utilizing the agriculture land in the jail premises struck us and we got permission from the authorities to take up horticulture activities.\"Other inmates involved in the activity said that it keeps them busy and helps in protecting their mental and physical health.Speaking to TOI, jailer Vittal Jadhav said, \"We earlier had plans to involve prisoners in some agricultural activities to keep them busy. A group of 20 prisoners volunteered to take up horticultural activities. As they have already displayed good behaviour, we gave them permission to carry out agricultural activities. We are now using vegetables grown here to cook food for the inmates,\" he said.Each prisoner involved in growing vegetables is given Rs 40 as daily wages. Inmates work for about seven hours on the field. If a prisoner wants his earnings to be given to his family, the jail authorities do it so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16777063", "title": "Another doctor from Jabalpur med college tests positive for H1NI", "text": "JABALPUR: With yet another doctor from the Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Medical College testing positive, number of cases of swine flue has gone up to 34 in the city. On Wednesday, throat swab of a senior woman doctor was sent to Regional Medical Research Centre for Tribals (RMRC) for test.Admitted to the isolation ward in the medical college, she is said to be responding well to the treatment and is out of danger. However, with seven doctors having tested positive in the past one month, this case has led to considerable concern amid the medical fraternity.Talking to TOI on Thursday Jabalpur chief medical officer (CMO) Dr B S Chauhan said despite the constant rise in the graph, situation in Jabalpur is much better than much worse affected cities like Indore and Bhopal where fatalities have reported. Though there has been no let up in patients (Thursday reported three fresh cases) the city, he said, so far there has not been a single casualty. The situation , the CMO claimed, is well under control even though, both government and private hospitals here have never-ending stream of patients from the city and adjacent districts flocking to rule out the possibility of the dreaded virus.Nagendra Verma, a trader from Sehora, had come to Jabalpur with four family members. All of them had symptoms of cold, but Verma did not want to take any chance. \"With much publicized VIP cases like that of Jabalpur mayor Prabaht Sahu, who tested positive, and the doctors falling prey to the virus, everyone would like to play safe, Verma said while awaiting his turn at a private practitioners clinic.The number of suspected cases as per the records has shot up to 156. In the coming week the lab gears up to cope with the growing pressure. Efforts are underway to double as the testing facilities in the lab after state chief secretary R Parasuram issued directions to the officials concerned. \"With the change in season, the virus, said Dr Chauhan, is on the wane and the worst would be over in a week's time.The city reported its first dengue case on Thursday. Confirming it, the CMO said the department has already launched an awareness drive to educate the public and arrest an outbreak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16776101", "title": "A decade on, Times Shera Puja still a top draw", "text": "KOLKATA: Kaash is in bloom and the monsoon clouds have started making way for the tufts of white clouds. The afternoon light has that golden tinge that reminds us of the festive season. At Kumartuli, the final touches are being applied to the idols that are also receiving the last coat of paint. The dhakis have started arriving at Sealdah station. And it's time for The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo, which turns 11 this year.Hectic activity is underway at apartment buildings. For the apartment pujas, budget is not an issue. It is more about the camaraderie and bonding - and the competition. Every apartment wants to outdo the other. And there is a reason for this - The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo.Organizers admit that it was this contest that helped change their outlook. Participation has gone up and residents have started looking forward to participating in the contest that has turned into a part of the celebrations in Kolkata during the Pujas.Apartment puja committees have thrashed out vital issues like funding and themes. Flat owners have been asked to up their contributions 'slightly' in keeping with escalating prices of commodities. Letters have been dispatched to flat-owners who live abroad or elsewhere in the country, inviting them back for the festivals and also requesting them to send their contributions early.\"This time, our puja is being organized only by the women. Work is on in full swing. We are doing nice decorations on the pandal with thermocol. Our pandal is almost ready. Youngsters are busy preparing for a cultutural programme that they are going to stage,\" said Sudita Pal Choudhury of Ekta Heights that won Pujo Barir Shera Pujo last year.The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo 2012 is presented by Simoco, powered by Kingfisher Strong Power Soda, in association with National Insurance, Concast Maxx and Bakefresh biscuits. The event is supported by IFB Agro and Club Salon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16776841", "title": "Warning bells: At 29, women start panicking about aging", "text": "LONDON: Warning bells about growing old start going off in a woman's head just at the young age of 29, according to a new research.A survey of 2,000 women by a UK-based skincare company found that a woman's battle to grow old gracefully begins at the end of her twenties. Having spent their teens trying to look older than they actually are, women finally become happy with their appearance in their early twenties. However, all that changes at 29, the Daily Mail reported.At this age women become more concerned about trying to look young again, amid fears of wrinkles, sagging breasts, bingo wings and crow's feet.Some 33% fret about going grey, and thinning hair is a major worry for three in 10. A third of women say a sagging bottom keeps them awake at night, while 29% want to avoid a wrinkly cleavage at all costs.Other top aging fears for ladies include facial hair, a middle aged spread and thread veins. Developing double chins, age spots, wrinkly hands and thinning lips also feature in the catalogue of concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16778792", "title": "PCB to cancel 'A' team's series against West Indies", "text": "LAHORE: The Pakistan Cricket Board has decided to cancel its 'A' team's series against the West Indies after the Caribbean side refused to tour Pakistan due to of security concerns and offered to play in the United Arab Emirates .According to reliable sources in the board, the West Indies A team was due to play in Pakistan as part of a reciprocal tour.But the West Indians recently informed the PCB that they would not send their team to play in Pakistan due to security concerns and instead offered to play the series at any neutral venue namely the UAE.\"But the PCB after giving careful consideration decided that either the West Indies A team play in Pakistan or the series should not be held at all,\" one of the sources said.\"The thinking in the board is that if other Test playing nations even refuse to send their second string and under-19 teams to Pakistan and want to play at neutral venues it would not only mean increased expenses but also send out a very negative message to the outside world,\" he explained.The source said the PCB's Director General (cricket), Javed Miandad had informed the West Indies Cricket Board that Pakistan had hosted the Afghanistan team for an A series without any problems.No Test-playing nation has visited Pakistan since March, 2009 when terrorists attacked the Sri Lankan team in Lahore killing six Pakistani policemen and a van driver and wounding some of the visiting players.The decision to not play the A series against West Indies in the UAE comes at a time when the PCB is trying to arrange a tri-nation series in Pakistan.\"The board has also given clearance to the Sindh sports minister and a sports management company to invite a World XI to Karachi to play two T20 matches this month at the national stadium,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16776114", "title": "My son is innocent, says Feroze's mother", "text": "PUNE: Stunned family members of Sayyed Feroze, a suspected Indian Mujahideen operative arrested by the Delhi police, broke down when they saw his name being flashed on television on Thursday.His father Abdul Hamid Sayyed (70) of Shukrawar Peth said that Feroze had not been staying with him for the last ten years. \"He would visit us, when he thought of his mother,\" he said, adding that it was shocking to see his son being called a terrorist.\"When the news broke on television, the local police visited us. But we do not know anything about Feroze's activities. I only know that Feroze is a kind-hearted man and always ready to help the poor.\" Feroze's mother told TOI, \"My son is innocent. He has been falsely implicated.\"Sayyed said that along with the tailoring business, Feroze arranged for passports and visas for Haj pilgrims. \"He was doing the business on someone else's name as he was yet to get the registration. Before going to Delhi he had told me that he was going to get the registration for the business,\" he said.Abdul Hamid Sayyed said he had spoken with Feroze on his cellphone on October 8. \"He had told me that he would return to Pune in the next two to three days,\" he said.After working in the shop for a few years, Feroze entered the tailoring business. He had shifted base to the Cantonment area. At present, he is running two shops. Abdul Hamid Sayyed said he ran a milk business. \"My other son Fayyaz is also working in a private company,\" he said.Fayyaz said that when Feroze did not come home for many days he had tried to contact him on his cellphone. \"He had told me that he was in Delhi for some work. Our last conversation with him was on Monday. When I tried to call him again, he was very angry and had switched off the cellphone,\" he said.Saudi Arabia visitA neighbour said that Feroze had visited Saudi Arabia two to three times and had gone for Haj last year. The neighbour said they wondered how he managed to run two shops. \"Recently, he had installed an air conditioner at his residence,\" he said. Another neighbour said Feroze rarely spoke to other residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776380", "title": "Teen driving scooter recklessly kills senior citizen", "text": "NAGPUR: An 80-year-old man lost his life after being knocked down by a rashly driven scooter by a teenager at PowerGrid square under Jaripatka police station. Balkar Singh Dhillon, a resident of Sadar area, succumbed to his injuries on Thursday, two days after the accident took place. He died during treatment at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH).Scooter driver 19-year-old Nikhil Kamble, a resident of Santa Nagar, was arrested and later freed on bail on a court's order. It is learnt that Kamble, a Std XII failed student, did not have a driving licence with him. Police informed that the scooter Kamble was driving belonged to his father. Kamble currently works in a hardware shop. Dhillon was a retired truck driver.On Tuesday evening, Dhillon was on an evening walk on Tuesday when Kamble hit him and fled the spot. An eyewitnesses noted down the scooter's number and passed it on to the police. However, before police could arrest Kamble from his residence, he walked into the police station and surrendered. Police said initially he failed to show his driving licence claiming he had kept it with his father. His father produced the licence before the magistrate in the district court on Thursday.\"Kamble was driving at more than 80km/hr. While taking a turn, he could not slow down and hit Dhillon,\" said police. Dhillon's relatives also claimed Kamble was driving recklessly, zooming on the road and could not control the scooter. Nearby shop owners who knew Dhillon rushed him to a private hospital from where he was referred to IGGMCH. Kamble has been booked for negligent driving causing death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774381", "title": "India emerges world\u2019s child marriage capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four UN agencies urged India to take \"incremental action\" to fight the scourge of child marriages in the country on Thursday when the first International Day of the Girl Child was observed across the world. The focus of the first observance of the day is on child marriage.In a letter to Union minister of women and child development Krishna Tirath , heads of four UN agencies in India \u2014 UNICEF , UNFPA, UN Women and UN Information Centre \u2014 wrote, \"Child marriage is not a solution to protecting girls from sexual crimes including rape.\"This comes a day after former Haryana CM Om Prakash Chautala endorsed Haryana khap panchayat's suggestion to bring down marriageable age of teenagers to 16 to check sexual atrocities like rape.In the letter, the UN agencies said, \"More than 40% of the world's child marriages happen in India. In eight states of the country, more than half of young girls are married before the age of 18.\"Speaking to TOI, Anne Stenhammer, regional programme director of UN Women, said, \"Child marriage is a fundamental human rights violation and impacts all aspects of a girl's life. We want to alert and raise awareness on the negative effects of child marriage on girls and the society as a whole.\"Child marriage denies a girl of her childhood, disrupts her education, limits her opportunities, increases her risk to be a victim of violence and jeopardizes her health. \"It constitutes an obstacle to the achievement of nearly every Millennium Development Goal and the development of healthy communities,\" said Stenhammer.The UN Women is conducting a programme to promote women's political leadership and governance in 16 districts in five states of India \u2014 Madhya Pradesh , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka, Rajasthan and Odisha, she said. The programme helped equip over half a million elected women representatives with knowledge and skills to participate in local governance.\"(Prevention of) child marriage is part of the agenda of the programme and of the mahila sabhas. Not just women, panchayats, society, community and the family must be involved to check child marriage,\" said Stenhammer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775010", "title": "Mira Road auto drivers attack IAC activist, split open forehead", "text": "MUMBAI: Rakesh Sarawagi, an India Against Corruption (IAC) activist and a campaigner against the local autorickshaw mafia, was attacked by auto drivers who split open his forehead outside Mira Road railway station on Thursday, the first day of the autorickshaw and taxi fare hike.Sarawagi, 45, was on his way to the IAC office with fellow volunteer Chandrakant Khandwal when they saw auto drivers gathered near the station. Sarawagi stopped and asked a traffic police officer if the tariff cards had arrived. An alleged auto union leader joined them and drivers closed in.\"Sarawagi told the union leader autos must ply by the meter. Soon, a man began to abuse him. As he turned to leave, a driver kicked Sarawagi from behind. Soon, seven other drivers attacked him with blows and kicks. As he fell, someone clubbed him with a blunt weapon. His forehead was cut and he began to bleed profusely,\" said Preeti Sharma Menon, spokesperson, IAC. Sarawagi, who sustained injuries to his head and back, was admitted to hospital.Shockingly, the attack took place close to a police chowky but the cops did not stop the drivers.Preeti Sharma Menon, the IAC spokes told TOI that Sarawagi had been getting threats since several months from auto unions. \"We are certain that this is a premeditated attack. That it happened in the presence of a police officer makes it even more shocking. We demand a case of attempt to commit murder be registered against the attackers and a conspiracy case against the union leaders. But, more importantly, this is an organized crime with a number of auto union leaders conspiring to run a racket in collusion with the police,\" said Sharma-Menon.The Mira Road police have detained the prime suspect in connection with the attack. \"We are ready to give police protection whenever the volunteers want to create awareness. They should desist from going alone,\" said an official from the Mira Road police station.Mayank Gandhi, IAC coordinator, also led a rally on Wednesday evening from Mira Road railway station to the Mira Road police station. The IAC team has been fighting against overcharging by autos and taxis since over a year. Members have created awareness among citizens, exhorted authorities to act and helped cheated passengers.(With inputs by Nitasha Natu)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16776916", "title": "Kambar honoured with Jnanpith award", "text": "BELGAUM: President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday officially conferred the prestigious 46th Jnanpith award on Kannada writer Chandrasekhar Kambar in Belgaum on Thursday.Mukherjee said Indian writing in English has sparked recognition across the world, but there were even greater gems in vernacular literature. \"Creativity in Indian languages need better platform and exposure,\"he added.Mukherjee said the writer had humble beginnings and the school dropout ended with a doctorate . \"He has presented the perspective and world view of the downtrodden,\" the President added.Kambar said, \"I was initially writing poems, singing and dancing to forget the pain of poverty . I saw the decline of human values even in rural areas due to wealth and markets.These experiences are dealt with in my writings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776650", "title": "Laptop, cash worth Rs 65K stolen from car at Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Two unknown persons broke the glass of a Swift car near Gera Emporium at Patto on Wednesday afternoon and stole a laptop and an adidas bag containing cash of 65,226. Complainant Samir Kashiram Toraskar, a resident of Porvorim, said that the accused came on an Activa towards his parked car and broke the front left side of the glass.He also said that besides the laptop and bag, the accused also decamped with a cheque book of the Corporation Bank , IDBI bank , an Indian passport, files and business rubber stamp.Police sources said that people who were present during the incident followed the accused but could not nab them as they managed to get ahead by riding through a no-entry zone.The Panaji police have registered the offence under Sections 427,379 of the IPC against unknown persons and an investigation is under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16775831", "title": "Bengal Congress raises AIIMS rhetoric", "text": "MALDA: The Congress's month-long campaign for an AIIMS-like facility in Raiganj culminated on Thursday with party leaders sharing the dais with farmers who were reportedly \"ready\" to part with their land for a \"greater cause\".Thursday's show of power in Raiganj's Panishala - strengthened by the presence of 25,000-odd supporters - was, however, viewed as \"only a semi-final\" by a section of Congress workers. They promised a bigger showdown after the Puja, which will the \"final war for the right of people in North Bengal,\" they said.The Congress on Thursday felicitated 70 farmers who, the party claimed, were willing to hand over their land for the proposed hospital. Lauding their initiative, Pradesh Congress Committee president Pradip Bhattacharya said,\" You have created history. In other places, the farmers refused to give up land. But here, the movement is to give your land. Hats off to you!\"Apart from Bhattacharya, senior Congress leaders like Deepa Das Munshi and Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury were also present on Thursday's meeting that blocked National Highway 34 for more than three hours, cutting off the traffic between the North and the rest of the state.\"AIIMS at Raiganj was Priyada's (Priya Ranjan Dasmunshi) dream. He did everything for it. The state government had to only notify and acquire the land. But it could not even do this much. Instead, it is planning to take this hospital to Kalyani. We shall never let this happen,\" Bhattacharya vowed.\"We are ready to give our land for the AIIMS-like hospital, but the government has not approached us,\" a farmer said from the dais, with many more \"willing landholders\" by his side.Deepa Das Munshi, who has virtually waged a war against the CM for \"ignoring\" the project, warned on Thursday, \"If the demand of people from North Bengal is not heard by the CM, take it from us, today's agitation is merely a semifinal. In the final round, we shall take this rally to Writers' Buildings after Puja. None can stop usToday's three-hours National Highway blockade is the prelude to paralyzing the entire state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16777264", "title": "400 take CAT exam", "text": "MOHALI: Common Admission Test (CAT) 2012 took off at Indo Global Colleges, Abhipur, near Mohali on Thursday. A total of 400 students appeared for the examination in two batches on Monday. It is the only center for CAT aspirants from the Tricity, Punjab and HP, where over 9,000 students have been registered to take the test from October 11 till November 6. On an average over 600 CAT aspirants are expected to take the test everyday at this center.On the first day, the candidates gave a mixed response regarding how difficult the exam was. Sonia Khandelwal, a CAT aspirant who gave the exam on Thursday said, \"The maths part was difficult, while the rest of the paper was okay.\" Rahul Singh, another CAT aspirant from Talwara, Punjab who too took the exam said, \"It was my first attempt and I had not even prepared for the exam but I found the first half more difficult than the second half.\" The results of the exam will be declared on January 9, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16774789", "title": "No funds cut for cue sports: Ajay Maken", "text": "BANGALORE: The cue sports fraternity in the country heaved a sigh of relief on Thursday after sports minister Ajay Maken shot down a move by Sports Authority of India (SAI) to cut financial assistance to the sport.The minister, who returned to New Delhi on Thursday after a visit to the northeast, tweeted in the morning that he had asked the SAI director-general to continue funding the sport.\"Spoken to DG Sports Authority of India. Directed that funding and support to Billiards &amp; Snooker to be retained. No cut!\" Maken said in his tweet.SAI had, in a recent letter to the Billiards and Snooker Federation of India (BSFI), stated that it would no longer fund the body \"since billiards and snooker disciplines are neither part of the Asian Games 2014 or an event recognised in the Olympic Games of 2016 and 2020.\"The move would have hit the cueists hard, denying them the chance to train and play abroad. BSFI secretary-general S Balasubramaniam said he was happy with the decision.\"We are happy that the sports minister has intervened and ensured that funding for the sport will continue. It is an appropriate decision for a sport like ours that has produced so many champions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16775760", "title": "Colleague arrested on dalit girl's rape complaint in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: A 23-year-old girl student, belonging to a dalit community, was repeatedly raped by a man of her village during the last three years in Mahendergarh district of Haryana. The victim, a student of MA in a college in Ateli town, approached police on Wednesday to lodge a complaint.Police have arrested the accused, identified as Mahender Yadav, 47, after registering a case on the complaint under sections 376 (rape), 323 (assault), 313 (causing miscarriage without woman's consent), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence), 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC and Section 3 of the SC/ST Act.DSP, headquarters, Narnaul, told TOI that the victim had approached the women cell of police last week and police had registered a case on the basis her complaint.\"The victim had been working on part-time basis as an agent in a private insurance company. The accused was also working in the same firm. The accused allegedly took her to Neemrana in Rajasthan on some pretext about three years back and raped her,\" said police officials.The complainant said that after the incident, the accused kept visiting her room where she had been living in Ateli and raped her frequently. She alleged that she was even forced to undergo abortion against her consent by the accused.The DSP said that police nabbed the accused immediately after registration of the case and have started investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776655", "title": "Tribunal order against Kairali TV stayed", "text": "KOCHI: An industrial tribunal's order asking Malayalam Communications Ltd to pay compensation for six employees removed from the payroll of the Kairali news channel was stayed by the Kerala high court on Thursday.Admitting a petition filed by actor Mammootty , who is the chairman of Malayalam Communications Ltd, justice Harun-Ul-Rashid issued a three-month stay on Kollam industrial tribunal's order to pay Rs 1.5 lakh as compensation to the six employees.In June this year, the tribunal had asked the channel to pay Rs 1.5 lakh as compensation for its former employees, chief news editor K Rajagopal, chief editor M B Krishnakumar, Palakkad bureau chief Rajeev Sankaran, Kollam bureau chief Manoj Bharati, and cameramen Solomon Raphael and Rajendran.Through the petition, the company points out that the skill sets required for the jobs change from time to time. They were removed as they were rendered redundant in their jobs. Stringers were appointed in their place at Palakad and Kollam for reporting, the company revealed in the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776580", "title": "'Goa has more land under cashew cultivation than any other state'", "text": "PANAJI: An area of 55,000 hectares of the cashew crop is cultivated in Goa every year and the state has more land under cashew than any other state. This was revealed at an international conference on cashew titled 'Sustainable Cashew Production: Challenges and Opportunities' held in the city on Thursday.Minister for agriculture, government of Jharkhand Satya Nand Jha inaugurated the conference in the presence of Goa tourism minister Dilip Parulekar.Speaking on the occasion, Parulekar highlighted the efforts of cashew producers and cashew cultivators in the state and said the cashew crop which was introduced in Goa by the Portuguese, mainly to control soil erosion, has now become an important cash crop of Goa.Stressing on the mechanization in farming, Parulekar said the Goa government is taking an interest in the latest trends in mechanization by adopting new techniques. He said several cashew varieties have evolved which are capable of giving a 15kg yield per tree and hence planting of high yielding varieties is a must for attaining high productivity levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774399", "title": "'State Malnutrition Treatment Centres among best in country'", "text": "RANCHI: The Malnutrition Treatment Centres (MTCs) in the state of Jharkhand have been rated as one of the best in India during a survey conducted by a visiting central team. The team comprised members of the Government of India, Unicef and World Health Organization (WHO). They conducted a three-day survey starting October 8 in Ranchi, Gumla and Hazaribagh.Sharing the findings of the team, the director- in- chief, health services, Praveen Chandra, said \"The team expressed satisfaction over the working of these centres. The efforts to eradicate malnourishment in the state has received global recognition. Jharkhand is being seen as the role model for many states. Auxiliary nursing and midwives (ANM), working here, will be invited to visit other states and share their experiences.\"Chandra said, \"The team laid emphasis on follow-ups. Even a child has been treated for malnutrition, he should be brought to the centre every 15 days for check ups. This alone could bring down the alarming instances of malnutrition in the state.\" Emphasis was also laid on the counseling of sahiyya and mothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777183", "title": "Congress announces slew of sops for tribal, minorities", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was finally the turn of the other backward class, schedule caste, schedule tribe, minority and people with disabilities. The Gujarat Congress made scores of electoral promises on Thursday targeting these voters who constitute 75 per cent of the electorate.Declaring the ninth point in the 12-point 'Gujarat people development vision - 2012', Gujarat Pradesh Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said that if voted to power, Congress shall implement the 15-point programme announced by the central government for recognized religious minorities and will also implement matriculation scholarship schemes.The Congress leader said the party also proposes to have a new minority ministry, Haj House and a separate minority commission and a finance board.The party also promised 50 per cent reservation for people with disabilities in assistive jobs, reserving plots for specially skilled professionals in Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation and increasing the income level criteria for the creamy layer certificates.In a series of other promises, Modhwadia announced to immediately fill the entire backlog in jobs in reserved categories. \"Unfortunately, the BJP government in the state has shown least concerns to uphold constitutional rights of the people to live with dignity and equality and we have decided to fulfill the constitutional obligation of the state when we form the next government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774735", "title": "Hospital asked to pay Rs 1.5 lakh for 'medical negligence'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Giving hope to scores of medical negligence victims, a city consumer forum has directed a corporate hospital to pay Rs 1.5 lakh compensation to a woman for deficiency in service.In her petition, Usha said she had first consulted orthopedic surgeons Dr Kamaraj and Dr Krishna Subramanian of Kamineni Hospital in January 2006 with a complaint of lower back pain and numbness in the left lower limb. After the diagnosis, the doctors advised surgery, which she underwent on February 3, 2006, at the same hospital. However, shortly after the surgery, the pain reappeared and she was admitted again in March 2006. She alleged that she was discharged after routine checkups without any treatment.Subsequently, her condition deteriorated drastically. Usha Rani again consulted Dr Muralidhar Joshi of Kamineni Hospital. As per his advice, Usha was again admitted to the hospital in June 2008 and even after undergoing a specified treatment for three months there was no relief.Later, Usha was advised to go for a permanent implantation and a spinal cord stimulator. As per the advice, in February 2010, Usha got the spine stimulator implanted by spending Rs 3.5 lakh. However, the surgery failed and within a week, the victim began experiencing severe pain and pus started oozing from the implanted site. The doctors then removed the implant in March 2010 with a promise to re-implant it after the wound heals.As she was not in a condition to undergo another surgery, the victim demanded the management to return the cost of the stimulator for the negligence of doctors. As they did not reimburse, she approached the consumer court and sought relief.In their argument, Kamineni Hospital management cited that the complainant had not filed any affidavit given by a medical expert in support of her argument. However, the Forum opined that the procedure adopted by the hospital was in 'mechanical fashion'. \"When an allegation of lack of care, skill or knowledge is pointed out at a hospital , the burden is on the organisation to disprove the same with necessary authenticate literature or with expert advise from the board of directors, which they did not do,\" city district consumer disputes redressal forum I member G Sreenivas Rao said.So, the Forum concluded that deficiency in service by the hospital \"deems to be proved\" and ordered the hospital management to pay Rs 1.5 lakh compensation and Rs 5,000 towards litigation in September 2012. Now, the hospital management would appeal against the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16775285", "title": "Pranab wants House in order", "text": "BELGAUM: President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday gave lawmakers some blunt advice: don't disrupt legislative business and work more.Addressing Karnataka's legislators after inaugurating Suvarna Vidhana Soudha, Karnataka's second seat of power, the President expressed concern over frequent disruptions of proceedings in Parliament and the state assemblies in recent times. Lawmakers can raise issues they are interested in, but must never disrupt proceedings.\"The cardinal principle of effective functioning of the parliamentary system is: majority will rule, and minority will oppose, expose and, if possible, depose. But this should be done within the framework of rules framed by legislatures themselves,\" he said, an oblique reference to the opposition's disruption of Parliament over 2G, Coalgate and other scams.In his 20-minute speech, Mukherjee expressed unhappiness at the decline in the number of days legislative business is conducted. \"The trend being noticed now - this is not good for democracy - is that the time devoted by legislators to legislation has gradually been declining. Legislators must always remember that as representatives of the people and custodians of public interests and rights, they have to be extremely careful in matters of legislation, money and finance ,\" he said.\"To discharge this responsibility, sittings of legislature should be more frequent... and they should meet at least for 20 to 25 weeks in a year,\" Mukherjee said.Karnataka doesn't have too good a record in the conduct of legislative business. Of the 60 days a year earmarked for legislative proceedings, the Houses functioned only on 17 days in 2008, 42 days in 2009, and 31 days each in 2010 and 2011.A pat for SakalaThe President appreciated the successful implementation of Sakala, a Karnataka government scheme for delivery of services within a stipulated timeframe. The state has set high standards, he said, through progressive measures like the Land Reforms Act, Abolition of Manual Scavenging Act and Reservation in Education and Employment to the Backward Classes Act, which have been emulated by other states and the Centre.\"Karnataka stands first in the country with 31 registrations out of 172 on all-India basis in the category of Geographical Indications of Products (GIP) like Mysore silk , Mysore jasmine, Mysore sandal oil, Nanjangud banana, Channapatna toys, Bidriware, and Ilkal and Molakalmur sarees,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777138", "title": "Car dealers keep fingers crossed this festive season", "text": "INDORE: Even as car industry sees its peak time during the festival season, car dealers in the city are keeping their fingers crossed this year. A section of the dealers believe that the industry may not grow more than 2-3% in the state while there are others who are looking forward to a good growth.Dealers who see poor sales this festive season cite a report by Society of Automobile Manufacturers Association (SIAM) which stated that the industry will remain flat during the current fiscal.Maruti-Suzuki dealer Praveen Patel said, \"The industry has registered a 6% negative growth in the state during the current fiscal so far. At our company, the de-growth has been as high as 15% during the period due to the obvious reasons. Still, I do hope that we will be able to register a growth of 2-5% as against an overall industry's growth of 1-2%, by the end of the fiscal.\"The unrest at Maruti-Suzuki's Manesar plant is turning out to be advantageous for the rival companies.Hyundai dealer Aditya Kasliwal said, \"Past two months have been really excellent for my company in terms of sales. But, I do agree with the SIAM report that growth will remain flat in the industry in the state too as it was placed on the lower side when compared to the markets in states like Gujarat and Maharashtra. Hence, I do hope that the car industry will grow at 2-3% in the state during the remaining part of the fiscal.\"Mahindra &amp; Mahindra claims that it has registered a growth of 24% as against the industry average of 3% so far during the current fiscal and hence it is confident to achieve a growth of 30% during the ongoing festival season too.M7M dealer Atul Sharma said, \"We do think that MP was a growing market and hence being full of untapped potential. It is why I personally believe that the car industry will grow at the rate of 10-15% during the current fiscal in the state.\"Companies including Skoda are also upbeat of registering a substantial growth in car sales during the current quarter. Gopal Relwani, manager, local Skoda showroom, said, \"We were able to book 97 cars during the past quarter and we are expecting a growth of 150% under the segment on sequential basis during the current quarter too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774644", "title": "MD of OneCard services held in AP State Minority Finance Corporation fraud", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major breakthrough in the AP State Minority Finance Corporation (APSFMC) scholarship fraud, the Crime Investigation Department (CID) has arrested Chunduri Venkata Koti Saikumar, managing director of city-based OneCard Techno services, which came up with 'One India, One Card' concept, and three others for siphoning off funds.To carry out the operation, Saikumar joined hands with Nanduri Venkata Raman, 40 , a resident of Hyderabad. On October 9, minorities welfare department special secretary M Dana Kishore lodged a complaint alleging misappropriation of 55.47 crore worth fixed deposits (FD).According to an official release, Saikumar and Venkata Raman approached one Bondada Kesava Rao, who arranges FDs to banks from government organisations. They requested Rao to arrange FDs to Vijaya Bank from APSFMC and agreed to pay commission. Accordingly, Rao arranged an FD worth Rs10 crore from APSFMC to Vijaya Bank, Koti.The duo then approached Naveen Sagar, assistant manager of Vijaya Bank in Raichur, Karnataka, who had earlier worked in Hyderabad, for opening a current account by using forged documents in the name of APSFMC. Sagar was paid Rs 10 lakh for his help.After opening the current account, Raman floated fictitious firms and opened bank accounts in different banks in the city. The miscreants prepared fake fixed deposit receipts and handed them over to the corporation.To siphon off the money, they created fake letters in the name of APSFMC and diverted 55.47 crore into Vijaya Bank current account and then to different bank accounts in the city.CID teams conducted simultaneous searches on the properties of Saikumar and Venkata Raman, Koti branch of Vijaya Bank and offices of APSFMC.Original FD receipt for 10 crore and FD receipt for 4 crore in the name of APSFMC, 80,000 cash, two cars worth 23 lakh, original sale deed of 200 acres of land in Kothur of Mahabubnagar worth 15 crore, and original sale deeds pertaining to house plots worth of Rs five crore were seized.The sleuths arrested Saikumar, Venkata Raman, B Keshav Rao and Naveen Sagar on Wednesday. They were remanded in judicial custody on Thursday.During interrogation, Sai Kumar confessed that Rs eight crore was paid to launch a new TV channel in the name of ABC TV. CID officials said searches and investigation would continue in the misappropriation of funds, which were meant for grant of scholarships and welfare schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777090", "title": "Winter making quiet entry in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: A palpable chill in the air during early morning and late hours is an indication of gradual onset of winter in the region. The officials of the Metrological department, Bhopal circle, said that a drop in air-moisture is resulting into a dip in the temperature in the early morning and late hours and also clear sky during the daytime.As monsoon is expected to officially retreat from MP within a day or two, similar conditions would prevail for a few more days, they added.The city recorded a maximum temperature of 33.3 (00) degree Celsius against a minimum temperature of 19.7 (00) degrees Celsius.The maximum temperature at Indore was recorded at 33.3 (+2) degree Celsius while minimum temperature remained at 19.8 (+2) degree Celsius.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 34.3 (00) degrees and minimum temperature at 19.0 (-1) degrees. The maximum and minimum temperatures at Jabalpur were recorded at 31.3 (00) and 19.8 (00) degrees respectively.The officials said that since wind directions have shifted in the northerly direction, dry conditions are expected to prevail over the state on Friday as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16777510", "title": "Government allots more land for Tata Consultancy Services in Technocity", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) will get 15 more acres in addition to the 82 acres it received in Technocity area earlier for setting up the company's largest learning and development campus in the country.According to a government order dated September 29, the company would be given the land in the proposed Technocity area for Rs 15.51 crore at the rate of Rs 1.3 crore per acre. The land would be given on lease for 90 years and the company will be liable to pay an annual lease amount of Rs 25,000 per acre to the government.The order stipulates that construction work in the additional land should commence within 12 months of the allocation of land. However, the 82 acres that was allotted to the company during the previous LDF government term was handed over to TCS only recently. Technopark authorities say the delay was primarily due to the legal hurdles associated with land acquisition process. The initial down payment fixed by the government for the land was Rs 75.25 crores and the annual lease amount per acre was the same as in the new agreement.The new piece of land being allotted to TCS is adjacent to the land they were given earlier. Though the two blocks are separated by an internal road, the company has confirmed that they will be constructing either an underpass or an overbridge to make effective use of the land, the government order says.Sources close to TCS say that the company has finalized the master plan for their learning and development campus, which proposes to employ over 10,000 professionals. The volume of investment was projected as Rs 100 crore when TCS announced the project in 2010. As per the initial plans, the company was to complete civil works of the campus in 36 months after the allotment.Following the request by the company, the state government had in 2010 exempted TCS from paying additional financial liabilities arising out of judicial interventions in land acquisition and compensation packages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775501", "title": "Maharashtra education minister Rajesh Tope's college flouts norms", "text": "MUMBAI: A trust controlled by the family of higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope runs a college in Vashi that has no land of its own, seminar or hostel rooms, auditorium, health centre, gymkhana or playground. The institute functions from a residential complex, with students having to make do with cramped classrooms and live with the distractions of a housing society.As per the guidelines of the University Grants Commission (UGC), any organization seeking to set up a college must own or rent a two-acre plot in a municipal corporation zone, the college building must come up on land for which original sanction was granted and the college must shift to the building within five years of receiving affiliation.The Tope family's MSS ( Matsyodari Shikshan Sanstha) College of Commerce was granted affiliation in 2008 though it had no land plan. An official from the education department said that to accommodate organizations keen on setting up colleges without owning or renting land for the purpose, the state government allows institutes to be started, provided no other college is present within a 15-km radius. But in the case of MSS College, there are at least five more colleges within this radius.So, how was the college started in violation of UGC and state norms?\"The college was granted affiliation as per the university's perspective plan. We have 95 students on our rolls and ensured that all facilities were in place when we started the college,\" Tope said. \"We have 95% of facilities required for a commerce college. It is very difficult to rent a place in Navi Mumbai. We have been trying to get land from Cidco for two years. We will ensure we get the land before next April. If not, we will shut down the college.\"He said the college was not a money-making venture and he had nothing to do with it as he had resigned as its secretary after becoming a minister. He said his father, Ankushrao, was the president of the Jalna-based MSS trust. But the college brochure mentions Rajesh Tope as the trust's secretary.Classes are conducted in two rooms on the first floor of the residential-cum-commercial building Silicon Tower. There are shops on the ground floor and vehicles owned by members of the housing society and shopkeepers remain parked near the entrance of the college. Students complain the college does not have even basic facilities. The classrooms are without film, slide or overhead projectors and many departments do not have duly designated heads. They said they use a corridor as a gymkhana and the building's compound as a playground.An RTI appeal by a students' organization revealed that the MSS trust got permission from the government on July 2, 2007, to run the unaided college. In 2008-09, a university panel inspected the college and reported that it had an area of only 7,800 sq m. It said there was no playground, the health centre was in the process of being set up and amenities like projectors were absent.Sanjay Gangurde from the Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena said, \"If the education minister's college is flouting norms, what can be expected from other colleges? Some basic facilities listed in UGC guidelines are not offered by Tope's college. We have complained to the university. They have said they would look into the matter.\"The university's vice-chancellor, Rajan Welukar, and the head of the board of college and university development, Rajpal Hande, remained unavailable for comment despite several attempts by TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775451", "title": "Case against Robert for 'mango' slur", "text": "JAIPUR: A city lawyer has filed a case against Robert Vadra for his remarks 'mango people in banana republic' on his Facebook update, seeking punishment for 'defamatory remarks against the people and the country'. The court will hear the matter on October 18.The court admitted the petition by A C Upadhayay, a lawyer at Rajasthan high court, after taking into account the facts provided by the petitioner.Upadhayay said: \"Robert Vadra has defamed the Constitution of India, our country and its people. I have requested the court to prosecute him under Section 124(A) of IPC.\"Remark prejudicial to national integration, says petitionerA C Upadhayay said: \"Robert Vadra has defamed the Constitution of India, our country and its people. I have requested the court to prosecute him under Section 124(A) of IPC which says whoever, by words, either spoken or written or by visible representation or otherwise, brings or attempts hatred or disaffection towards government is liable for a punishment of three years or a fine.\"\"Likewise his statement in which he said 'mango people in banana republic' is clearly prejudicial to national integration. Thus his act also comes under the purview of Section 153(B) of IPC,\" he added.The lawyer said he came to know about the statements made by Vadra through news reports and Facebook. \"I think it is the duty of every citizen of this country to protect the Constitution and should not indulge in any defamation against the country or its Constitution. Thus, I thought to bring the \"act\" of Vadra to the notice of the court for legal intervention,\" he added.The lawyer has also sought a prosecution against Vadra under Section 500 (whoever defames another shall be punished by a simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years or with fine or both) and Section 501 (printing or engraving a matter which is defamatory) of the IPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776318", "title": "20 new bus shelters to come up in Kochi district", "text": "KOCHI: PWD will construct modern bus shelters at 20 places in the district.The project will be carried out with financial support of the Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC). The decision was taken at a meeting convened by district collector P I Sheik Pareeth on Thursday.Depending on the facilities that will be introduced, the cost of each bus shelter will range between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 2 lakh.The bus shelters will come up at Fort Kochi, Palluruthy, Tripunithura Choorakad junction, Hill Palace, Kumbalam south, Shappupady, Thevara, Netoor, Manjummal Junction, South Kalamaserry, NGO Quarters, Mulavukad Junction, Kadavanthra Junction, Elamkulam Junction, Kumaranasan Square, Atlantis Junction and Aluva pump Junction.E-toilets will be constructed adjacent to two bus shelters on a trial basis. The CWC has plans to support 50 such bus shelters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776594", "title": "Create package for mining folk, BJP tells Centre", "text": "PANAJI: BJP national spokespersons Rajiv Pratap Rudy has said that the state government is in the process of preparing a proposal for seeking special package for mining dependent people to approach the central government and demanded that the central government should give the special package for mining dependent.Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Rudy said that \"the Goa government is working out a proposal for special package.\"He also said, \"The central government should give a special package for workers and employees dependent on mining, as they have nothing to do with the illicit action of miners.\" Rudy also said that mining is a concern for the BJP and it needs to be sorted out, and that chief minister Manohar Parrikar is looking into the issue. Parrikar on Thursday was in Gujarat participating in a BJP function there.Rudy also said that they are most shocked by the action of MoEF. He stated while the state government of Goa was conducted an inquiry in the tenure of Congress government allotment of mining leases, \"What prompted the union minister for environment and forests to go a step ahead despite the action of the state government,\" said Rudy.Union minister for environment and forest Jayanti Natarajan had suspended the environment clearance of 93 mines, following the state government action to stop all mining operation till verification of documents.Rudy said that \"we are very concerned about the livelihoods of people associated with the mining industry. \"Rudy also said that the BJP congratulates revenue minister Francis D' Souza on being appointed as the deputy chief minister of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16775527", "title": "Six IAS officers shuffled in Haryana", "text": "The Haryana government today issued transfer and posting order of six IAS officers with the immediate effect. Anil Malik, Managing Director, HAFED will also look after the charge of Director, Sports and Youth Affairs against a vacant post, an official release said. Arun Kumar Gupta, awaiting orders of posting, has been posted as Director General and Special Secretary, Secondary Education vice A Sreenivas, who has proceeded on leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776938", "title": "HC moves SC against its own order, gets a stay", "text": "CHENNAI: In a strange litigation, the Madras high court approached the Supreme Court against its own order and obtained a stay. The matter relates to a high court order quashing the Tamil Nadu government's decision to allow subordinate courts to decide on disputes involving properties worth up to Rs 25 lakh.In May 2010, the government issued an order saying cases involving properties not exceeding 10 lakh would be heard by district munsif courts and those not exceeding 25 lakh would be heard by district courts. Only if properties are worth more than 25 lakh, the cases would be heard by the high court, it said.After this enhancement of pecuniary jurisdiction, thousands of cases pending in the high court were transferred to sub-courts, as they involved properties worth 25 lakh or less. Several public interest petitions were filed in the high court, saying the move would harm the interests of litigants who will now be forced to wage an extra round of litigation.On August 21 this year, a division bench of the high court quashed the order and directed that all cases sent to sub-courts be transferred back to the high court. A review petition filed before the same bench was dismissed on September 4, following which the high court, represented by its registrar-general, approached the SC against its own order. The TN government, a party to the proceedings, on Thursday has filed its own petition in the matter.High court's senior counsel A L Somayaji submitted in the Supreme Court that the bench had erred in holding that the presidential assent was mandatory for amending an Act. He said such a presidential assent would be required only when the law passed by the state legislature was repugnant to the law passed by Parliament.A Supreme Court bench of Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhaya, concurring with the submissions, granted the interim stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16777758", "title": "After love turns sour, youth murders class 12 student", "text": "TRICHY: A class 12 student's throat was slit by a spurned lover in Tiruvarur district on Thursday. Frustrated due to unrequited love, the third year commerce student then attempted suicide. He is presently fighting for his life at the Thanjavur government medical college hospital.Police said A Vinodhini was a class 12 student at Koothanallur government higher secondary school. The Koothanallur municipality lies between Mannargudi and Tirurvarur. Prakash was pursuing his third year B Com at a private college in Poondi. Both Vinodhini and Prakash lived on the same street in Marakadai Sithathankarai, a farming hamlet near Koothanallur. Initially, they were good friends, but soon their friendship blossomed into love.According to Koradacheri inspector Siva Vadivelu, when Vinodhini's parents came to know about this relationship, they packed her off to her uncle's house during the quarterly holidays and decided to get her married soon. While at her uncle's, the young girl was repeatedly advised by family elders to end her relationship with Prakash.When Vinodhini returned home from vacation, Prakash approached her father Anbazhagan and asked for her hand in marriage, a proposal that was instantly rejected. Prakash persuaded Vinodhini to accompany him to a neighbouring field on Wednesday evening. Alone in the field, he asked Vinodhini why she had changed her mind about him. She did not want to disobey her parents, she said. In a fit of rage, Prakash slit Vinodhini's throat with a machete. He continued to attack her on her face and chest. If he could not have her, then no one else would, he told her. He then attempted suicide, inflicting injuries on himself with the murder weapon. Later, he changed his mind and surrendered at the Koothanallur police station.He was rushed to the Thanjavur government medical college hospital where an emergency operation was performed. Doctors at the hospital said he was still in critical condition. The Koothanallur police have registered a case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777265", "title": "Cop's son beaten up over parking row", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Son of a police inspector in the city was beaten up by residents of a housing colony in Ghatlodia on Wednesday night after altercation over parking. Darshak Vadher, the victim, has also mentioned in the complaint that his sister, who tried to save him was also beaten up.According to police, Darshak Vadher, son of inspector DR Vadher, lives at Amogh Apartment in Ghatlodia. As per his complaint,When he was parking his bike at the basement, he was approached by Dinesh Mistry and his son Jeet. The duo asked him not to park the bike there and started a quarrel. Later, his wife also joined in. As per the complaint,The trio beat Vadher up and abused him with casteist remarks. \"Vadher was taken to a nearby hospital where he got two stitches on his head. TNN. He has filed a complaint for assault and atrocities on the three persons,\" said a Ghatlodia police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777242", "title": "State's first private equity deal gives 25 cr boost to education", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's first private equity deal in education sector, Kaizen Private Equity LLC has picked up an undisclosed stake by investing Rs 25 crore ($4.5 million) in Ahmedabad-based Altus Learning Private Limited, which runs CalorX brand of schools. Altus, which is promoted by educationist Manjula Pooja Shroff, currently manages 16 schools, mostly in Ahmedabad.\"We chose Altus because it is instrumental in supporting schools with 6000 students and offers quality education,\" said Sandeep Aneja, founder and managing director of Kaizen Management Advisors. Kaizen is one of India's first education-focused private equity (PE) funds, which closed its maiden fund at nearly Rs 400 crore in June this year.Altus plans to increase this network to more than 30 schools growing its student base from current 7,500 to 17,000 in the process. The funds would be used to expand the schools under its network across western and northern India. Altus aims to focus more on the competent K-12 segment while continuing to add playschools. It will also add existing schools under its network besides working on new projects. While the company is involved in providing services to help set up new schools and manage them, it is not involved in owning school infrastructure. \"Education is an under-capitalised sector, which needs both finance as well as human capital. Education is at the core of consumption of every family,\" Aneja said.Besides Altus, Kaizen had previously invested in distance education provider Universal Training Solutions (UTS) and a corporate day care services firm, Your Kids 'R' Our Kids (India) Pvt Ltd.On October 10, 2012 Kaizen disclosed a Rs 24 crore investment in Bangalore-based Ace Creative Learning Private Limited. \"The reason that PE firms are attracted to education is that the sector is less susceptible to market forces and the return of investment is better. Besides, it makes a social impact and also benefits the society,\" said Aneja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779091", "title": "Liz Taylor's 'steamy affairs' with Ronald Reagan and John F. Kennedy exposed in tell-all", "text": "Elizabeth Taylor allegedly slept with Ronald Reagan when she was a teenager and enjoyed a threesome with President John F. Kennedy and actor Robert Stack .Authors Danforth Prince and Darwin Potter have spent years tracking down the scandalous details of the legendary actress' romances and affairs and they have laid her private life bare in an explosive new biography Elizabeth Taylor: There is Nothing Like a Dame.In the book which promises \"all the gossip unfit to print from the glory days of Hollywood\", Prince and Porter claim Reagan was 36 when he invited a teenage Taylor to dine with him at his Hollywood Hills home, where she seduced him, the Daily Express reported.She is believed to have told a close pal, \"Reagan was treating me like a grown woman, and that thrilled me. We sat on his sofa and I could tell he wanted to get it on but he seemed reluctant to make the first move. I became the aggressor.\"After a heavy make-out session on the sofa, we went into the bedroom.\"The book further goes on to claim that a nude dip in the politician's pool turned into a threesome with Taylor and Stack.The authors claim the actress went on to have sexual encounters with stars including Peter Lawford , Errol Flynn , Tony Curtis , Paul Newman and Frank Sinatra .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775473", "title": "Drugs case accused examined", "text": "MUMBAI: The prosecution on Thursday began examining drugs case accused-turned-approver Vicky Oberoi's statement in a special NDPS court. In the statement, Oberoi has admitted that he was found with 1 kg heroin in 2009.A businessman, Oberoi had filed the application to turn approver in April. The examination will continue on October 18.Another accused in the case is Indian Police Service (IPS) officer Saji Mohan who was arrested from Oshiwara for allegedly possessing 12 kg of heroin in January 2009.According to ATS, during his tenure as NCB chief in Chandigarh, Mohan would take seized drugs and sell them to peddlers in various cities, including Oberoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774359", "title": "CPM plans anti-govt agitation", "text": "RANCHI: The CPI(ML) is planning a movement to create a political alternative to the present 'BJP-JMM-AJSU nexus' in the state. The party has decided to focus on issues like forceful acquisition of land, parallel teachers' demand for regularisation and corporate corruption in Jharkhand. At a press conference on Thursday, the party's state secretary Janardhan Prasad said party activists would talk to 10 lakh households and make them aware about the state government's development works so far.Vinod Singh, the party's only MLA in the state, said: \"Large scale corruption has marred the development of the state. The government is trying to trample the rights of the common man. The issue of para teachers is a case in point.\" The movement aims to up pressure on the government to give in to the demands of the striking para teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16776335", "title": "Arthritis spares neither elderly nor youngsters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Employed in a computer repair shop, Akash, 29, is in pain as different joints of his body keep aching. Although the pain has started bothering him since only a few days back, it has already disturbed his routine as his condition deteriorates with every passing day.On visiting the doctor, he was told that these are the initial symptoms of arthritis which is fast spreading, not only among the elderly but among youngsters too, the foremost reason changing lifestyle.On the occasion of World Arthritis Day, (October 12), TOI talked to city's noted orthopedic surgeon Dr K D Tripathi who explained various facets of this agonising disease. He said the word 'arthritis' means 'inflammation of joints.' It comes from two Greek words, 'athron' meaning joints and 'itis' meaning inflammation. In the early stages, it involves usually the entire body, deforming one or two joints completely, leaving the patient handicapped or somewhat weakened. \"It is a condition in which inflammation results in pain in the joints, caused by wearing away of the cartilage that covers and acts as a cushion inside joints. As the bone surfaces become less due to loss of cartilage, the patient experiences pain on bearing weight while walking or even standing\", said the doctor.\"Symptoms of arthritis include pain and limited function of joints. Inflammation of joints from arthritis is accompanied by stiffness, swelling, redness, and a burning sensation,\" he added. Symptoms in some patients with certain forms of arthritis can also include fever, swollen glands and lymph nodes, weight loss, fatigue, feeling unwell and even malfunctioning of lungs, heart, or kidneys, said the surgeon.Talking of the types of arthritis, another noted orthopedic surgeon of the city Dr Kapil Kulshrestha said there were more than 150 different types of arthritis and all affected joints and bones. The most common forms include osteoarthritis which occurs after the age of 40 when bones rub against each other causing pain, rheumatoid arthritis which occur at any stage of life and destroys ligaments and tendons that join the bones and muscles, affects joints of the fingers, wrists, hips, knees and feet; Gout caused by an excess of uric acid that accumulates in the system forming crystals in spaces between joints leading to inflammation and irritation, added Dr Kulshrestha.On the causes of arthritis, Dr Kulshrestha said living in damp, cold climate increases the tendency of this painful and debilitating condition. It can also be caused by a bad fall, a severe jolt or the trauma of an accident while other factors include joint instability, hormonal factors (mostly women suffer from this disease compared to men due to hormonal changes during menopause), environmental factors, psychological factors like stress, food allergy or nutritional deficiency, etc.Talking of reducing the anguish and some exercise options that tend to work well for people with arthritis, Dr Tripathi said these simple exercises include walking, tai chi discipline, yoga, warm water exercise, cycling, jogging and running. Walking can be an excellent remedy as it helps build strength and maintain joint flexibility, aids bone health and reduces the risk. Similarly, yoga can provide pain relief, relax stiff muscles, and ease sore joints. With controlled movements, pressures, stretches and deep breathing relaxation, yoga can improve range of motion.Dr Tripathi further said that total joint replacement of hip, knee and ankle and shoulder and elbow are the gold standard treatment in the terminal end stage of joint degeneration and arthritis. But these surgeries are a costly affair costing Rs 1 to 2 lakh for an artificial joint. In a country like India more than 70 per cent of the population lives in the rural area, 30 per cent people lives below poverty line and more than 60 per cent spend just over Rs 100 a day on their daily needs other modalities of treatment for a painless life.Dr Tripathi further said that since prevention is better than cure, keep your joints fit by taking healthy nutritious diet rich in minerals and vitamins, regular exercise, stress and disease-free life and protection from injuries. If at all there are symptoms of early arthritis, consult a clinician at the earliest as there is complete cure for patients of early arthritis in the form of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs(DMARDs), glucocorticoids, exercises, weight reduction, orthotics, bracing, intra-articular injections and arthroscopy.\"We would appeal to the Government and health care providers to establish department of Rheumatology and Immunology in the city to diagnose and treat patients of arthritis at the initial stage of the disease and make our society free of joint pains and protect many patients from expensive surgeries like joint replacements\", said Dr Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777187", "title": "Glitch at toll plaza hits traffic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hundreds of commuters on the Chandigarh-Ambala NH-21 stretch faced a tough time when billing equipment at Dappar toll plaza collapsed on Thursday morning.The breakdown, which hit a machine on Ambala side of the plaza around 7.30am, came at the worst possible time as traffic movement was at its peak. As traffic came to a crawl, a jam spanning almost 1.5km soon turned the stretch into a quarrel zone. Tempers rose as irritated commuters tried to jump lines, leading to further confusion and some minor mishaps.Stuck in the jam like many others, Ashish Jain of Ambala, a marketing executive in Chandigarh, told TOI, \"I had almost reached the toll plaza when a security guard informed me that the billing system at one counters had collapsed. Now, I will have to go back and take another queue.\"Surinder Singh, also of Ambala, expressed his ire: \"I had to drive 1.5km back just because nobody bothered to inform us about the non-functional machine while we were still queuing up.\" Though the toll plaza authority opened the emergency lane that is only meant for VVIPs and ambulances, commuters faced trouble for close to three hours as slips were issued manually.Chief relations officer with GMR, Dappar, Vaibhav Sharma, accepted that the breakdown had caused huge confusion, adding billing system was restored around 1.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776661", "title": "83 domestic gas cylinders stolen", "text": "PANAJI: Eighty-three domestic LPG cylinders worth about Rs 1,97,600 were stolen from a godown at the Verna industrial estate on Monday night. The godown belongs to Sajan Signapurkar, owner of 'Loutolim Gas Services', Raia.In his complaint, Signapurkar said he received a delivery of 295 domestic cylinders and five commercial cylinders from HPCL on Monday.Of 295, 205 cylinders were loaded onto three vehicles for delivery and 90 domestic cylinders were kept at the godown.\"Next day when I came to the godown I noticed the door's lock had been broken and 83 cylinders were missing,\" he stated.He estimated the cylinders' cost to be approximately 1,97,600, including refill value. Police have registered an offence against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774347", "title": "Team India hunts for a leg-spinner", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Test series against England slated to start in about a month at home, the Indian cricket team is worried about its bowling composition. The worry mainly stems from the fact that the team management has failed to find a wily leg-spinner who can add variety to the attack. Sources said the management wants to identify a wrist spinner who could be a regular feature with the team during the home Test series.The team is scheduled to play eight Test matches - four each against England and Australia - in the coming months.R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha have done the bulk of spin bowling in recent Test matches, and the team management wants to give them support by picking someone who can get good bounce and turn. They want the bowler to be a surprise package in the squad.\"The team management is looking for leg-spinner who could be a part of the team for long. They have tried out a few things, but are yet to find the right guy for the job and that has led to constant chop and change,\" a team source told TOI.The selectors too feel that the team needs a quality leg-spinner who can win India matches. Those tried out to fill Anil Kumble's big shoes have either been inconsistent or have not been given a long rope to settle down.After Kumble's retirement, the Indian selectors have tried out three leg-spinners. The first was Amit Mishra , who tasted initial success but soon went out of favour as the team thought he was \"too slow in the air\". That was when the selectors were grooming Mishra for Tests and Piyush Chawla for ODIs. Both failed to keep their jobs and now Punjab's Rahul Sharma has been sent with the India A team to New Zealand to see how he copes with the pressure.The team believes Sharma is competitive but lacks maturity. As for Chawla, they feel he has been working hard on his stock ball and understands his limitations. Mishra looks to be the front-runner now as he is looking good after coming back from injury and the selectors feel he has some more years left in him. It remains to be seen who gets captain MS Dhoni's backing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16776665", "title": "Loutolim murder: 15 persons arrested for damaging house", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina Curtorim police on Thursday arrested 15 persons on charges of arson and rioting after a group of 40-50 persons allegedly broke into the house of Dinesh Mota at Carvota in Loutolim and caused damage to his property late Wednesday night.Acting on a complaint lodged by Mota on Thursday, police booked an offence against 40 accused and arrested 15 of them under Sections 143, 147, 148, 427, 457, 452 and 436 of the IPC.The names of those arrested are Remedius Lawrence Fernandes, Sunny Tulshidas Naik, Jose Joaquim Fernandes, Cajetan Agnelo Gonsalves, Luis Vincent Fernandes, Roger Alvito Pereira, Vishant Chandrakant Naik, Sandesh Tulshidas Rassaikar, Ashok Attar Singh Vani, Aman Attar Singh Vani, Anil Attar Singh Vani, Alfonso Pedro Baptista, Remedius Xavier Fernandes, Augustinho Xavier Fernandes and Xavier Joao Fernandes, all from Loutolim.All 15 accused have been remanded to four days police custody.\"The accused with their common objective, formed an unlawful assembly and damaged the garage, flower pots, lamp posts, and the sitting area of the balcony, and thereafter broke open the main door and effected entry into the complainant's house. They then set fire to the main door and two chairs. They also pelted stones on the roof tiles and window panes of the house,\" Dy SP Mohan Naik said.On receiving information, police rushed to the site and succeeded in extinguishing the fire and preventing further damage to the house, Naik said. Though the situation is now peaceful, police are keeping a close vigil in the area.Police sources said that the locals vented their ire on Mota's house as they were upset over Mota for having rented out his premises to Santosh Pujari, the accused who has already been arrested by the police on charges of murdering Luis Baptista from the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16776850", "title": "Garage owner held for murder", "text": "BANGALORE: An automobiles garage owner was arrested for allegedly murdering a home-alone woman in KHB Colony, near Kamakshipalya , on Tuesday.Sujatha, 37, was found strangled to death at her residence . The accused, V Krishnamurthy (in pic), from III Block, Basaveshwaranagar , is the owner of Balaji Motors on Siddaiah Puranik Road, Basaveshwaranagar.Police recovered 2 kg of silver articles and 600 gms of gold jewellery, besides Rs 35,000 in cash which Krishnamurthy had taken from Sujatha's house.Krishnamurthy, 33, knew Sujatha's family as he used to service and maintain her husband, Murughananda's two-wheeler . Murughananda runs a printing press in the same locality. \"The garage owner started fish trade and incurred losses up to Rs12 lakh. He had to repay the loans. So he started collecting information about Murughananda's family and found that they were well off, with gold and silver ornaments ,\" said police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji.\"The murder could be cracked with help from Sujatha's neighbours, who noticed that Krishnamurthy had come to her house around 12.30pm on Tuesday ,\" said DCP (West) SN Siddramappa.The officer said the killer gagged Sujatha and tied her hands before strangling her with a nylon rope. He ransacked the almirah in which the valuables were kept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776729", "title": "Repair work to partially disrupt water supply in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Repair works at the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) pumping station will partially disrupt the water supply in the city and its suburbs. KWA officials said water supply will be stopped after 10 am to replace the old pumps with new ones. Water supply will be disrupted in all parts of Kochi except West Kochi, Aluva municipality, Kalamassery, Mulavukad, Kadamakkudi, Cheranellur and Edathala.\"To minimize the inconvenience, we have decided to start the repair work only after 10.30 am. The work will be completed within four hours. We will attach a new valve before replacing the pump. While installing the new pump set, we will have to stop pumping water for some time,\" said assistant executive engineer Anitha.The existing pump set with a capacity of 35 MLD will be replaced with a new one that can handle 45 MLD of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16777744", "title": "Six-year-old dies in mishap", "text": "VARANASI: While the killing of minor boy in a road mishap led to chaos in Nevada area under Jalalpur police station in Jaunpur district, an elderly bicycle rider was crushed to death by a tractor on Faatman Road under Sigra police station in Varanasi on Thursday morning.According to reports, Ankit (6), a native of Simulia village in Varanasi had gone to his maternal grandmother's place in Nevada.On Thursday morning, while crossing the road, he came under the wheels of a jeep and died on the spot. Angered by this, locals blocked the road and staged massive demonstration. Situation normalized following the intervention of police.Meanwhile, one Siddhnath, a 70-year-old man of Mangari village under Phoolpur police station was killed when a tractor crushed him on Faatman road under Sigra police station. He died on the spot. Police sent the body for postmortem.Woman dies: Champa Singh (55), a native of Holapur under Shivpur police station, died mysteriously during fire incident at her residence on Thursday afternoon.According to reports, Champa suffered from asthma and she had come to her Holapur residence from Sonebhadra district for treatment. On Thursday afternoon, fire caught in a room of the house.The family members, somehow, managed to extinguish the fire. However, till then Champa had died. It is suspected that she died of suffocation. The cause of fire could not become clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776925", "title": "Nobel laureate studies shrimp to map immune system", "text": "CHENNAI: French Nobel laureate Jules A Hoffmann is pushing for a collaboration with Annamalai University to study viral infections in shrimp to understand the human immune system.Professor Hoffmann of Strasbourg University in France, whose decades-long work on the fruit fly revolutionised the study of the human immune system, has evinced keen interest in studying viral infections in shrimp and identified it as an important research area for joint Indo-France collaboration.\"There are a lot of parallels between the study being undertaken by Annamalai University and the research we did on fruit flies. Since we have experience in this area, we can jointly work with the University to identify constituents of other organisms and gain insights into how the human immune system works,\" said Hoffman.Hoffman, along with Professor Bruce A Beutler, was awarded the Nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2011 for the discovery of the key principles for the activation of the immune system. The duo discovered receptor proteins that can recognise microorganisms and activate innate immunity which can destroy invading micro organisms. This discovery has made possible the development of new methods for preventing and treating diseases.The Nobel laureate, who was in the city to participate in the 25 years of celebration of Indo-French Centre for Promotion of Advanced Research (IFCPAR), on Thursday delivered a lecture on 'Antimicrobial Defence of Drosophila: A Paradigm for Innate Immunity From Flies to Humans' at Anna University.Hoffmann also stressed on the need to study infectious diseases and expressed the hope that there would be cures for all kinds of diseases, including HIV and cancer, in the next 10 years.\"When I began my research we lacked enough resources and infrastructure which frequently impeded our study. With advancement in technology over the last decade, we should be able to find cures for all kinds of infectious diseases in the next 10 years or so,\" he said.Praising the progress India had made in the scientific sector, Prof Hoffman said future collaborations with the country could not be ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16774398", "title": "Orphan girls molested by drunken guard, no FIR lodged by officials", "text": "BOKARO: The district education department has come under the scanner for not lodging FIR against the guard of a government-run residential school after it came to the fore that he had molested two minor orphan tribal girls in drunken state in April . Rather than handing over the guard, Vijay Kumar , to the police, the school management suspended him, thus, giving him a chance to flee. Moreover, the district education department, which also came to know about the incident on September 22, had not filed a police complaint.The incident occurred in April but no action has been taken by education officials. Though the guard has been suspended, the girls are still fear-stricken following the incident. The victims are students of Class VI. There are 80 students, including 46 orphan girls studying in the school. The guard is a resident of Samastipur in Bihar.The matter came to light when a local resident made a complaint to DC, Sunil Kumar demanding neccessary action against Kumar. The resident had lodged a complaint after one of the two girls had confided to her grandmother about the guard's activities. When she complained to the school authorities, a senior teacher threatened to expel the girl from the school, the complaint letter said.Kumar asked the district superintendent of education, Purendra Vikram Sahi, to conduct an inquiry into the matter and submit a report. Sahi constituted a two-member team comprising area education officer, Prabala Khes and district coordinator, Anita Prasad who visited the residential school to inquire into the matter.The women officials met the victim, a student of Class VI, who alleged that she was molested by Kumar. She also named another girl who was a victim of his overtures. The officials, in the inquiry report, have mentioned that Kumar had been dismissed by the school management after the girl students complained against him.Prasad has attached the handwritten letter of the victim in which she has narrated her woes saying that the guard had tried to take off her clothes with the inquiry report. \"One of my friends too said that he had tried the same with her,\" the letter said.It also came to fore during the inquiry that Pandey, in charge of the school, knew about the matter but he closed the matter by suspending the guard. A teacher of the school, Puspghandha Purnima, however, said that the girl was speaking the truth.Sahi said that during the incident, he was not posted here. But he accepted that officials should have lodged FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16776619", "title": "One held for Torxem stabbing", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem police on Thursday arrested the accused involved in the Torxem stabbing. A 20-year-old girl, Sweta Naik, from Torxem in Pernem taluka, was stabbed by an unknown assailant near her house on late Wednesday evening.Samir Naik, the victim's brother, complained to the Pernem police that while Sweta was returning home from her workplace, some unknown person riding a motorcycle assaulted her at Naikwada after she alighted the bus, taking advantage of the night darkness.Sources said that the girl suffered injuries on her hand and head and was left bleeding after the attack. She was rushed to the district hospital at Mapusa. The offence of attempt to murder was registered under Section 307 of the IPC.Acting swiftly in the case, police arrested one Prasad Mote, 22, a resident of Torxem, in this connection and also recovered the weapon which was used.\"The accused was interrogated and he has confessed to the crime and has been taken into police custody,\" Mapusa DySP Serafin Dias said.Police suspect one side love could be the reason behind the assault. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16777029", "title": "Nuwan Zoysa keen to be Goa coach", "text": "PANAJI: Goan cricket will turn over a new leaf with the appointment of a foreign coach next season.The Goa Cricket Association has already held talks with two Sri Lankan cricketers and at least one of them is more than eager to take charge of Goan cricket. \"I was in Sri Lanka for the World T20 cricket and took the opportunity to initiate talks with former Sri Lankan cricketers Marvan Atapattu and Nuwan Zoysa . From among the two, Zoysa is keen,\" GCA president Vinod Phadke told TOI at the GCA headquarters in Porvorim on Wednesday.The GCA currently has a one-year agreement with former Test cricketer Surinder Amarnath who scored a century on debut in both his unofficial Test against Sri Lanka and official Test debut in New Zealand.\"We want the best for Goan cricket. Zoysa and Atapattu, for example, are big names in the world of cricket and their presence here can work wonders for the confidence of our players. If any one of them agree, they will monitor the coaching programme at all levels,\" said Phadke.Phadke said Atapattu was \"not too keen\" on leaving Sri Lankan shores while Zoysa was excited about the challenge and \"not too bothered about the money on offer as well.\"\"Zoysa is expected in Goa for the Ranji Trophy opening match next month. He will get a feel of the cricket being played here and also the capabilities of our cricketers. We are all excited,\" said GCA secretary Chetan Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774896", "title": "BMC mops up Rs 300cr from builders for extra area", "text": "MUMBAI: The amended Development Control Rules (DCR), which offers developers 35% extra area for residential projects on payment of a hefty premium, has earned the BMC Rs 300 crore in the past few months. The new rules came into force last January. Since then, the civic body has cleared 753 building projects. The BMC hopes to collect another Rs 500 crore by April 2013.The new policy, formulated by then civic chief Subodh Kumar, charges a premium from developers who want to build more that the permissible Floor Space Index (FSI)\u2014total built-up area vis-a-vis the plot size. After including spaces like the lift, staircases etc, which were earlier free of FSI, compensatory FSI up to 35% for residential projects and up to 20% for commercial projects was decided to be offered.Civic officials say that if a developer wants to avail of this extra, FSI then he has to pay a premium on the basis of the ready reckoner rates of the area. The civic body had estimated a revenue collection of Rs 1,000 crore after allowing additional FSI as premium for the current financial year.\"The new system has made it very simple for us to scrutiny the proposals. It has also helped boost revenue,\" said a senior civic official from the development plan department.While Kumar had proposed levying 100% premium for such areas that were earlier free of FSI, the state\u2014while approving the policy\u2014reduced it to 60% for residential and 100% for commercial.The change in DCR was brought to make the system more transparent. As earlier these areas like flower duct, lift and refuge area were not counted in the FSI, many builders who manipulated the system were able to virtually double these free-of-FSI areas and sell them at market rate to flat buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775610", "title": "Irregularities in stamp duty cost Rajasthan Rs 9cr, says Comptroller and Auditor General", "text": "JAIPUR: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in its audit report on 'Stamp Duty and Registration Fee of the Government of Rajasthan' pulled up the state for irregularities in levy of stamp duty and criticized the officials for failure in discharging their duties. The report, for the year ending March 31, 2011, was tabled in the assembly on Thursday.The CAG indicated that the state incurred a loss of Rs 9.04 crore due to undervaluation of properties, misclassification of instruments and incorrect application of rates and irregularities in levy of stamp duty. Besides, the report noted that there was non-realisation of revenue amounting to Rs 20.74 crore due to failure of public offices to recover proper stamp duty and registration fee.\"We found that heads of the public offices were not discharging their duties properly to see whether stamp duty was being paid by the public correctly on instruments on which stamp duty was leviable,\" said the report. The report also censures the state government for keeping excessive stock of non-judicial and adhesive stamps unused in the treasuries. The CAG also observed that inspections of sub-registrar offices were not carried out by district registrars and deputy inspector generals as prescribed.The stamp duty constitutes an average of 9.96% of total tax revenue of state during 2006 to 2011. The stamp receipts in the state grew from Rs 1293.68 cr in 2006-07 to Rs 1941.07 crore in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16777777", "title": "These students give wings to their dreams", "text": "MADURAI: Three third-year students of the Kalasalingam University in Virudhunagar district have proved that the sky is not the limit for them by bagging the first prize in the 'Aero Design and Fabrication' contest held in Hyderabad recently.The trio who are students of mechanical engineering, come from varied backgrounds. R Sowminarayanan, A Venketesh, and J Selvaraj jumped at the opportunity to participate in the competition conducted by the southern section of the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE). They passed the first level of making the model of a glider with paper, based on a design provided to them and topped the district level. They also stood first in the state-level competition and went on to enter the national-level finals held at Hyderabad early this month.According to Sowminarayanan, who wants to become a pilot, flying and aircrafts were always in his blood, as his great grandfather had been a pilot in the Indian air force in the pre-independence era. \"My neighbour and mentor S Parathasarathy has also inspired me a lot,\" he said. At the national level, the boys were provided with a glider manufacture kit worth Rs 10,000, where they had to fabricate a 75cm long glider aircraft weighing a mere 500 gms, fitted with a brushless motor which was powered by a 11.1v battery. They were able to make a beautiful yellow glider, which impressed the judges in Hyderabad enough to help them overcome competition from 14 other finalists from leading engineering colleges in the region.The aircraft was launched by Venketesh, who glided it into the air with his hand after which the aircraft soared higher and flew comfortably for about 20 minutes before making a perfect landing. This was controlled by a four-channel remote control meant for the device.The students say that their product can be used for surveillance of the environment and also study climatic changes when fitted with the suitable equipment. This glider craft had a range of one kilometer and they demonstrated its flying to their vice chancellor P Kanniappan and chancellor K Sridharan on Wednesday.\"We are confident that we can make a single-seater aircraft at a cost of Rs one lakh,\" the young aircraft enthusiasts said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16776937", "title": "Sabarmati riverfront evacuees included in voter list", "text": "AHMEDABAD: District collector Vijay Nehra has said that 19,000-odd evacuees from the Sabarmati river-bed who were rehabilitated in different localities in the city for the development of the Sabarmati riverfront have been included in the voter's list and issued election I-cards.Election commission officials held camps in localities like Vatva, Jamalpur, Amraiwadi, Nikol, Dariapur, Bapunagar to ensure that the poor in these localities have their names registered in the voter's list and get to participate in the biggest democratic exercise in the state.There are however 5,852 people who are registered in the voter's list with their new address. Special polling booths will be set up to ensure that they get to vote.\"Polling booths will be set up in 20 such localities to ensure that people rehabilitated as part of the Sabarmati Riverfront Development Project do not lose out on their right to vote\", said Nehra. Political parties as well as civil rights groups had lobbied with the election commission to ensure that the displaced find their names in the voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779403", "title": "Here's to the rythm divine with DJ Kamya", "text": "If Kava made people rap to singer Bohemia's prompt rhapsody and roll to DJ Kilogram's tunes recently, something amazing is on anvil this Saturday, which can be equated with any international do. After back to back successful events, Kava is next gearing up to host the pre-event party of Enrique Iglesias' India tour.While a power packed pre-party on October 13 is already making people curious, here's the dope from inside. Besides DJ Kamya unleashing action, there's lot more in the offing. According to lounge management the tickets for Enrique's multi-city tour commencing in some days in various cities of India will be offered at every easy-pocket rates.While Kamya is going to belt out some peppy tracks, the event will be power-packed. Also, it promises to make people have a feel of the real event to be held later. So why not swirl in action?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775698", "title": "Don\u2019t increase ready reckoner rates: MLAs", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of legislators from the city has asked the government not to hike ready reckoner (RR) rates for the coming year. New ready reckoner rates are declared at the start of the year. A general trend observed over the years is that the new rates are 10-15% higher than the previous year's.The demand was raised during a meeting convened by collector (island city) Chandrasekhar Oak on October 10. The meeting is a part of an annual consultation exercise undertaken before a decision on revision in rates.Amin Patel said the hike in RR rates impacts stamp duty charges. He reasoned that the ongoing recessionary phase has continued to impact property transactions. \"The volume of transactions continues to be low. Any hike in rates will worsen things,\" Patel said.Earlier, at a meeting convened by suburban collector Sanjay Deshmukh, legislators from the region had also raised the demand for a freeze on RR rates. The collectors will submit a report to the office of the inspector general of registration and controller of stamps, which will take a final call on whether the RR rates are to be revised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16777403", "title": "Retina degeneration cases on rise", "text": "LUDHIANA: If your child has been rubbing his eyes often, there are chances of degeneration of retina \u2014 keratoconus (an eye disorder). There are growing cases of such cases coming to city hospitals. Also, the age-old mantra of splashing water on eyes is not recommended by doctors, as this is seen as leading to bacterial infections.On World Sight Day, urging parents to get proper screening of premature babies to avoid blindness, Dr Mangat Dogra, an ophthalmologist at the PGI said, \"We are seeing growing incidence of premature babies with visual defects. If they are screened, it would prevent blindness in them. Everyday we see two-three such babies. IVF babies are more vulnerable to blindness.\"Amongst adolescents there are more incidences of keratoconus which cannot be corrected even by wearing spectacles.\"Children who often keep rubbing their eyes with or without irritation get this eye defect. Keratoconus cannot be corrected in them even after wearing spectacles,\" said Dr Amit Gupta, an eye specialist at PGI.Dispelling the myth of splashing water in the eyes being a hygienic practice, Dr S K Arya, from the department of eye at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32 said, \"Tears have antibiotic properties and they kill the bacterial substances which enter the eyes. We don't recommend water splashes in the eyes. They let the bacteria in and result in various eye infections.\"Also the notion that eating green vegetables can work wonders, is not correct. As Dr Sunandan Sood, head of the eye department at GMCH said, \"Vitamins and green vegetables are good for overall health, including eyes. But the thinking that spectacles can be removed through change in diet is incorrect.\"Dr Arya said, \"If both parents have a refractive error of over -6, there is more possibility of their children having poor vision too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kandi/kolkata", "code": "16775092", "title": "BE student alleges ragging", "text": "KANDI/KOLKATA: A first-year student of mechanical engineering at Jadavpur University on Thursday filed a police complaint in his home town Kandi in Murshidabad, alleging physical and mental torture by hostel seniors. He claimed they threatened to kill him.Siddhant Mundra, who returned to Murshidabad after he could not bear the ragging, named three seniors in his complaint. He claimed the university did not act when he complained to the dean of students.Jadavpur University registrar Pradip Kumar Ghosh claimed the authorities were unaware of the ragging case. \"We have not received any complaint from the boy. How can we take steps against the senior students?\" he said.Vice-chancellor Souvik Bhattacharya called up Mundra's father and urged him to send his son back. Later, the university formed a five-member committee to probe the complaint and filed a diary at Jadavpur police station.Murshidabad SP Humayun Kabir has begun an inquiry against the complaint.This is not the first time that Siddhant has complained of ragging. He was admitted in 2011 but was forced to return home after he was \"tortured\" by seniors in the main hostel. The university had set up an inquiry committee but nothing happened as Siddhant refused to appear before the probe panel.The university offered him re-admission this year and gave him a room in another hostel on the campus. However, Siddhant preferred to live in a mess near Bijoygarh.\"My seniors in the hostel forced me to drink and smoke and take heroin. When I refused to obey them, they made me wash their clothes and beat me with rods. I stopped attending classes and left the university,\" Siddhant told TOI at his Kandi home shortly after filing the police complaint. \"When I met the vice-chancellor along with my father, he told us not to expose what has happened and promised me re-admission,\" he said.He claimed he had received at least three \"death threats\" from the senior students, all of which were slipped inside his bag.\"I was initially reluctant to lodge a police complaint against the accused students. But I changed my mind when they threatened my son with dire consequences outside the campus,\" said father Ramesh Mundra.Mother Baijanti is no mood to send her son back to the university again. \"I hope this time the government will take stern action,\" she said.Education minister Bratya Basu has asked higher education secretary Vivek Kumar to take steps under the provisions of the anti-ragging Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16776559", "title": "No police inspector to guide Verna's cops", "text": "VASCO: Three weeks after Verna PI Edwin Colaco was suspended on charges of dereliction of duty, the Verna police station has been functioning without a police inspector.Nuvem MLA and Goa Vikas Party chief Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, when asked about this, said it was the duty of the home department to look into the matter.A visibly-agitated Pacheco said, \"Let the DGP look after the police station now. It is his duty to monitor the functioning of the police station, since he had personally come with the SP to suspend the PI. There is not a single complaint against the PI, still the DGP comes and suspends him. It's a shame.\"Asked if he has taken up the issue of Colaco's suspension with the government, Pacheco said, \"I haven't even spoken to the chief minister Let him investigate into the matter.\"Colaco was suspended on the instructions of director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar for non-registration of two theft cases.Two theft cases were reported in Sancoale and both were not registered. In one case, stolen goods were recovered but when the accused was arrested, he was booked under Section 41 of Cr PC (preventive detention) and no case was registered on the theft.The suspension led to Pacheco's outbursts against South Goa SP Allen D'Sa. \"Verna police station has a big jurisdiction, covering almost three beaches, quite a few villages, two national highways, NH 17-A and NH 17-B. Also, the two industrial estates, Sancoale industrial estate and Verna industrial estate,\" sources told TOI.The police station is currently handled by two PSIs, Arjun Sangodkar and Anand Shirodkar. \"Guidance is what is needed, and that is why the police inspector is known to be the whole and soul of the police station. PSIs are new and lack experience,\" sources pointed out.There are some cases like the Paes murder case at Dabolim, which has not been solved for over a year. Probes into thefts, rapes, cheating and other similar cases are also hampered. PIs including Tushar Vernekar, Suraj Halarnkar were transferred in a span of three-to-four months before Colaco took charge. \"If there is a fatal accident, it takes the entire day for a PSI to handle it. If there are other cases or VIP functions, then the situation becomes very problematic,\" said sources.PI Rupendra Shetgaonkar of Vasco police station has been given additional charge of Verna police station. Vasco DySP Lawrence D'Souza and Shetgaonkar keep visiting the police station every second or third day. To file an FIR the signature of an inspector is necessary or else the file doesn't move to the PSIs there, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16774425", "title": "Women to shift temple in Kendrapada village", "text": "Kendrapada: Only women will be engaged in relocating the Panchubarahi temple in Satabhaya village as men are barred from touching the deities. The temple in this coastal village will be moved as the sea is closing in. It is just 100 metres from the coast.\"We will relocate around 700 families from Satabhaya because of sea erosion. We decided to relocate the Panchubarahi temple on similar grounds,\" said D Behera, Kendrapada collector. \"Villagers asked us to engage only women workers to shift the deities because of tradition,\" Behera said.State archaeology will assist the administration in shifting the 500-year-old temple. \"It will be difficult task for women to lift the five stone images of Ma Panchubarahi along with pedestal weighing more than 50 quintals,\" said an officer of archaeology department.Women from the fishermen community are the priestess at the temple for the last 500 years. They are highly respected though fishermen come in the Scheduled Caste category. \"No one has ever raised voice against this old practice,\" said an advocate of Satabhaya village Benudhar Rout, adding that only married women can perform the rituals at the Panchubarahi temple established by the king of Rajkanika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777058", "title": "A day after BHEL fire, panel formed to conduct probe", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after the worst ever fire in the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) in block No. 3, a six-member committee has been formed on Thursday to carry out investigations and file a preliminary report in one week, a spokesman of the public sector undertaking giant said on Thursday.The committee, headed by G D Verma, general manager (EM), will have D K Dikshit, general manager, quality, S Satish Rao AGM, corporate HSE, A K Kiyawat AGM, GPX, Pradip Sharma, senior manager, SFX, R K Singh AGM, TRM and Lajja Ram assistant commandant, CISF as members, the spokesman said. After investigation, the committee will submit its preliminary report in 7 days, he added.The BHEL management is still tight-lipped about the loss to the PSU.The company manufactures 85-90 transformers in a year, BHEL sources said, adding, the incident has caused a huge loss. \"Quantifying the loss would be a wild estimate,\" they added.Sources said around 2 transformers and 1 crane were gutted on Wednesday.\"Entry to this unit where the fire broke out has been banned and the area is cordoned off. Any entry would be allowed only after the insurance company inspects and carry out assessment of the accident spot,\" the spokesman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774315", "title": "CBSE schools to start vocational courses from next session", "text": "RANCHI: Very soon students of the city will be able to enroll themselves in the course of their choice like fashion designing, banking and finance at the high-school level itself.According to a letter issued by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) to all its affiliated schools, they can start any vocational course from the list provided for students for class IX and above from the next academic session.The regional coordinator of CBSE, Dr Singh said, \"The idea of starting the vocational courses is to make the syllabus employment-oriented. Once the vocational courses start, the children will get employment training much earlier and, thus, by the time they get into their desired profession, they will have become masters in their chosen field.\"The school principals have welcomed the move. Principal of Delhi Public School (DPS), J Mohanty said, \"We will definitely start the vocational courses from the next academic session. We can't start the course this year as it is a time-taking procedure. First and foremost, we will have to convince the parents and also the management to increase facilities. We will come to a final decision by October-end.\"Explaining the benefits of vocational courses in school, Mohanty said, \"Parents play a major role in deciding the career of students. In many cases, it has been seen that even if a child is interested in offbeat career options, the parents force them to change their mind as they are not confident about the opportunities in that particular field.\"Speaking further, he added, \"Once the child takes up the course in high school itself, the parents will also be confident that their child is skilled enough to make a career in that field and will not stop the child from taking it up as a career.\"CBSE has sent a list of 11 vocational courses out of which the school administration can choose any number of courses and submit the list by October 26. The various courses mentioned in the list are retail, IT, security, automobile, banking and insurance , hospitality and tourism, mass media and media production, designing and medical diagnostics.The students seem excited about the proposal as they will now get an opportunity to explore various fields from a very young age. \"I have been interested in fashion designing since a long time, but whenever I spoke about it to my parents, they would tell me there is no future in this field. Once the vocational courses start in my school, I can opt for designing and my parents wouldn't stop me either,\" said Anjana Bharti, student of seventh standard of Gurunanak Public School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16777603", "title": "NRK scheme stalls before take-off", "text": "KOCHI: The state government's effort to extend support to NRKs, who were forced to return from Gulf countries, through a Kerala Financial Corporation (KFC) scheme had to be scrapped following poor response from the returnees.Hardly any major projects were initiated, and the scheme turned out to be an exercise in rehabilitation rather than a developmentoriented one. According to figures, only Rs 18.98 crore was disbursed as loans in the three years from 2009 to 2012 under the scheme.Though the loan scheme launched by the KFC was intended for NRKs as a whole, it was expected the Gulf returnees would be the major beneficiaries of the scheme, which proved to be wrong. \"The response from Keralites who returned from Gulf countries was poor, which is evident from the total loan amount that was disbursed in three years after the scheme was initiated. Finally, we had to wind up the scheme on March 31 this year,\" Yogesh Gupta, chairman and managing director of the KFC, told TOI.The special package was aimed at those who planned to invest in industrial and commercial ventures in the state, who have otherwise been making huge remittances from Gulf countries. The scheme not only offered them loans, but several other concessions which would allow them to set up a venture without having to go through the red tape. A fast track system for clearing the loan proposals was also set up, and the consultancy wing of the KFC offered technical guidance, including legal scrutiny of documents, project report preparation, obtaining no-objection certificate from government departments, identifying machinery suppliers, etc. \"They were allowed to choose projects based on their area of expertise, interest and present industrial potential in the state.A special rate of interest of 9% was offered and only 50% of the processing fee was charged for loan processing,\" he said. The interest rates were fixed at 9% at a time when the market rates were in the 15% to 18% range. Despite this, only 160 units were set up, and none of them were substantial ones. \"The maximum financial assistance under this scheme was Rs 100 lakh. However, proposals for loans above Rs 100 lakh were to be given in deserving cases on a selective basis. But only a couple of projects sought loans of over Rs 100 lakh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776640", "title": "HC upholds 1-year jail for sexual abuse of minor", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has upheld the sentence of one year imprisonment imposed by a trial court on Narshiv Usapkar from Sanguem, charged for outraging the modesty of a 11-year-old minor girl in 2004.The prosecution alleged that on April 30, 2004, the accused caught hold of the victim while she was sleeping in her house. The children's court held Usapkar guilty under Section 354 (outraging modesty) of IPC, read with Section 8(2) of the Childern's Act, and sentenced him to simple imprisonment for one year and to pay a fine of Rs 1 lakh. The court also directed the accused to undergo imprisonment for six months and to pay a fine of Rs1,000 under Section 452 (house trespass) of IPC. The accused had challenged the children's court judgment in the high court.During the hearing of the case in the high court, the accused's lawyer, R Menezes, argued that the accused should be given benefit of Section 4 of Probation of Offenders (PO) Act, 1958, as he got married after the alleged incident and he is the only earning member of the family.Additional public prosecutor M Pinto submitted that no leniency should be shown to the accused, considering the nature of the offences committed by him. She said that the children's court has considered the object of the Goa Children's Act and has correctly awarded the punishment.While dismissing the appeal, Justice A P Lavande observed that the prosecution has been able to establish that the accused entered the house and sexually abused the minor.Referring to the submission made by Menezes to seek benefit under the PO Act, the high court observed thus: \"Such an approach would defeat the very purpose of bringing into force in Goa the Goa Children's Act. The Act has been brought into force with a view to protect minor children from sexual abuse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16777402", "title": "Two dozen injured in clash", "text": "GAYA: Nearly two dozen persons, several of them policemen, were injured in a violent clash between the police and the CPI(ML) activists outside Paraiya police station in Gaya district on Thursday. One person with head injuries was rushed to Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College and Hospital (ANMMCH), Gaya.According to CPI(ML) leader Niranjan Kumar, villagers and party supporters including a sizeable number of women belonging to the women's wing of the party, had gathered outside the Paraiya PS to register their protest against the alleged police inaction in a case of gang-rape in which a Class XII student belonging to the disadvantaged group was allegedly gang-raped by few local young men belonging to the land owning class.The CPI(ML) leader said the police took about two weeks to register the case and no action had been taken against the culprits who continue to harass school and college-going girls and were roaming freely in the area. The incident took place on September 12, 2012, and the case was registered on September 25. Niranjan Kumar also said this was not the first case of its kind and some victims have not gone to the police on account of social stigma.The CPI(ML) leader accused the Paraiya SHO of resorting to lathicharge \"peaceful protestors\" and police opening \"unprovoked firing\" resulting in injury to protestors.Rubbishing the charge, Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said nobody was injured in the police firing as the firing was made in the air only to deter the rampaging crowd that had come prepared to torch the police station. Despite acute provocation, the police exercised utmost restraint even at the risk to the life of the policemen, he said. On the point of delay in the lodging of the FIR, the SSP attributed the delay to the non-arrival of the victim for case registration. It was for the victim to explain why she approached the police so late, said the SSP. The SSP also claimed that all efforts were being made to arrest the culprits named in the FIR. The mob was violent and motivated, said the SSP.When contacted, the Magadh Range DIG Naiyyer Hasnain Khan said about one dozen policemen sustained injuries in the CPI(ML) sponsored violence. The situation was tense but under control and reinforcement had been sent in view of the perceived Naxal threat in the Paraiya area. The SSP was camping at Paraiya, said the DIG. Khan also said the allegation of delayed case registration and non-arrest of culprits will be looked into separately. \"But nobody can be allowed to take the law into his own hands,\" added Khan.Over 25 CPI(ML) activists were arrested in connection with the incident. Police claimed to have seized microphones and country-made weapons from the possession of the arrested persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777142", "title": "Centre's to explain use of Sonia's photo in its advertisements", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday sought explanation from the Centre over a PIL taking exception to the publication of Sonia Gandhi's photograph in the Union government's advertisements.Petitioner Dhaval Shah has sought court's directions to the Union ministry of information &amp; broadcasting and ministry of statistics and programme implementation to stop publication and withdrawal of advertisement showing Gandhi's photographs in the Centre's advertisement titled as \"Twenty Point Programme and Central Sector Projects - Contributing to Gujarat's Overall Development\".Shah's contention is that Gandhi is not a constitutional functionary or a part of the government. She is chairperson of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA), but does not hold any official position, on which the President is an appointing authority. Hence, the Centre cannot use her photograph.The PIL also alleges that the Congress party leader's photograph is used in advertisement campaign to gain political mileage in the state assembly elections that are due in December. It also questions on credit taken by the Centre over certain development programmes.The PIL claimed that Gujarat pays Rs 60,000 crore to the Centre towards various taxes, but in reply gets only Rs 8,000 towards development projects. The Centre furnishes false data in order to misguide people ahead of election, since this is a BJP-ruled state.\"The advertisement deliberately discloses incorrect details, not disclosing the contribution made by Gujarat. The central government takes the credit as if it is fully funding the projects without even referring to the state's contribution,\" reads the PIL that dubs the Centre's publication as \"mischievous\".On this PIL, a bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice Pardiwala has asked the Centre to file its reply in a week, said Shah's counsel Vijay Patel.Another PIL is pending in the high court, wherein the state government advertisement campaign against the Centre has been questioned on the ground that it undermines the Union government's sovereignty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16776642", "title": "For migrant labour, Kerala is the new Gulf", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For thousands of migrant labourers who pour into the state from different parts of north and north-east India, Kerala is the new Gulf where they earn above Rs 350/day, six times the national average.A survey by the Centre for Development Studies (CDS) has highlighted that they prefer to form the base of the labour pyramid in Kerala than flying to the Gulf.The survey of their wage patterns and living conditions pointed out that a large number of migrant labourers reach Kerala to work in different sectors like construction, jewellery manufacturing, small scale industry, hospitality services and food processing centres. Apart from high wages, better living conditions also lure them to Kerala.An average unskilled to semi-skilled labourer earns above Rs 350/day, six times national average of Rs 50-70. A labourer earns around Rs 10,000/month.\"Migrant labourer reaching Kerala in unreserved compartments need not worry about issues like huge international air fares, shoddy labour camp accommodation and extreme weather conditions that are prevalent in Gulf countries,'' said Dr S Irudaya Rajan, chair professor, Ministry of Overseas, Indian Affairs, Research unit on International migration who coordinated the first-of-its-kind study.The study, conducted in districts of Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Thrissur and Kozhikode took four months to complete.\"Today we can see labourers from these states toiling even in farms and small scale industrial units. The easy rail accessibility from any part of Kerala to their home towns is another reason for the increase in the influx,'' said a senior official of the labour department.In the sample survey, migrants from West Bengal topped the list with 20% followed by Uttar Pradesh and Bihar representing 20 % of the workforce. Percentage of Tamil migrant workers stood at 18.\"This shows a good chunk of migrant labourers are still from Tamil Nadu in spite of the huge increase in the number of migrants from other parts of the country. Many Tamil workers have settled here with their families. They are self-employed or work in hotel sector and other service industries,'' Rajan said.While a relatively small section of migrants from other states are professionals and skilled workers, large majority of them are unskilled or semi-skilled workers engaged in construction, works, agriculture, industry and services.The influx of migrant labour comes at a time when there is a decline in migration of Malayalis to Gulf countries.\"There is a shortage of labour in Kerala's agriculture sector as the average educated Malayali prefers white collar jobs. This scarcity has created jobs especially at the lower end and also increased the wages much more than the national average,'' Rajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "16777367", "title": "People perfect dandiya, garba moves", "text": "BRS NAGAR: With just a few days left for Navaratras, preparations to celebrate it with zest are under way, with many people learning dandiya and garba at dance institutes in the city. There is much excitement about not only getting acquainted with these dance forms but also perfecting them. Hitant Vohra, a doctor at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, who is a resident of Defence Colony and is learning garba and dandiya at a dance institute at BRS Nagar said, \"I am learning these two dance forms so that I am able to celebrate the festival with gusto, as it is incomplete without garba and dandiya.\" She added that her daughter, Sana, 7, is also learning these dance forms, especially for the Navaratras.Dr Hitender Kaur, a radiologist at the civil hospital and a resident of Aggar Nagar, who is also learning garba and dandiya said, \"Navaratras are an auspicious time and celebration is incomplete without these dances, which is why I am learning these ahead of Navaratras.\"Samita Ahuja, a homemaker of BRS Nagar, who too is perfecting her dance moves at a dance institute, said, \"These are my favourite dance forms and what better reason for learning these than for the auspicious occasion of Navaratras. I am looking forward to performing during Navaratras\".Sanjeev Khurana, owner of a dance academy, said, \"We are getting a number of women, besides young boys and girls wanting to learn dandiya and garba ahead of Navaratras\". Bindiya Sood, who is a choreographer and is running special classes for these two dance forms these days said that people are eager to learn these dance forms for the Navaratras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774926", "title": "Ajit Pawar attends event in Mumbai, sparks Pawar v/s Pawar debate again", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after his absence at the NCP national executive meet in Baroda created a flutter; Ajit Pawar attended an event in Mumbai, sparking the Pawar versus Pawar debate all over again.Ajit attended an event for distribution of scholarship to backward class students, which was held at YB Chavan hall in south Mumbai on Thursday. The event was organized by the NCP-controlled Annabhau Sathe Mahamandal.On Wednesday, the NCP had downplayed Ajit's absence from the national executive meet with senior leader Praful Patel issuing a statement that ill health had forced him to remain absent.Following Ajit's appearance at the city event on Thursday, the party was forced to come up with an explanation again. NCP's spokesperson Nawab Malik said Ajit agreed to attend the event following state president Madhukar Picchad's request. \"He is still recovering, but attended the event following the request,\" Malik said.Refuting the Pawar versus Pawar theory, Malik said that Ajit had contracted a viral infection three days ago and has been recovering since. Malik said Ajit had a word with Sharad Pawar before deciding to remain absent for the Baroda meet.The NCP's defence, however, did nothing to stop the buzz on political circles on the rift between Ajit and his uncle.Meanwhile, a day after BJP projected senior leader Gopinath Munde as its face for the next general and assembly elections in the state, NCP launched an offensive against him. Addressing a press conference, Malik referred to Munde as \"Goebbels Guruji\" and said that his party was ready to counter him. Munde had hit out at the NCP for corruption in the irrigation department on Wednesday. The NCP has also demanded immediate decision on increase in cap on LPG subsidy in the state. It has said that the RBI must issue instructions to banks for opening zero balance accounts for transfer of cash subsidy for kerosene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774851", "title": "I-T department searches GMR offices in three cities", "text": "NEW DELHI: The income tax department on Thursday carried out searches on the offices of infrastructure major GMR, which has developed the Delhi international airport among several other large projects.Officials said searches were undertaken across several GMR offices in Delhi, Bangalore and Hyderabad on suspicion that the company had not disclosed all financial information. The operations were underway till late in the evening but details were sketchy. The order for the searches were issued from the tax department's office in Bangalore, where GMR is headquartered.\"GMR Group would like to state that this morning; officials from the income tax department came to some of our offices to check our books. We are extending all assistance to the team of officials. We are confident that the officials will find our corporate practices and books satisfactory. At GMR Group, we follow the highest ethical and legal standards in our businesses... We are confident that these on-the-spot checks will vindicate the same,\" the company said in a statement.GMR is the concessionaire for Delhi international airport. The Comptroller and Auditor General had recently said that the airport developer was extended undue benefits which added up to Rs 1.63 lakh crore. The company rejected the charges and said a share in the financial gains went to the government and all concessions were as per tender norms.Earlier this week, activist Arvind Kejriwal had demanded a probe against several construction and real estate companies, including DLF, BPTP, Indiabulls and GMR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16776960", "title": "More international routes from Mangalore airport in 2013", "text": "MANGALORE: At least three new airlines are expected to start their operations by 2013 from the Mangalore airport, which was recently declared as an international airport.Revealing this at an interactive programme organized by Dakshina Kannada District Working Journalists Association (DKDWJA) on Thursday, Mangalore airport director M R Vasudeva said: \"By 2013, air services to four to five more countries are expected to start from Mangalore. However, people should not expect air services to the US and Europe because not many people from Mangalore travel to these countries.\"As many people travel to the Gulf from Mangalore, couple of airlines have approached the government to start services from here, he said, adding: \"If everything falls in place, the fare structure may decrease due to increased competition between airlines to Dubai and other Gulf countries.''He added that the region would witness growth if the airport gets an international air cargo complex and parallel taxi way.Vasudeva said a new air traffic control (ATC) block is coming up at a cost of Rs 19 crore at the airport and 20 percent of the construction work was complete. The construction is expected to be completed by March 2013.\"Ten years ago, the passenger flow to the airport was 2.75 lakh and today it is nine lakh,\" he said. In 2002, the profit of Mangalore airport was just Rs 2 crore, this year the expected profit is Rs 9.5 crore and in 2013 the profits are expected to jump to Rs 12.5 crore.On jumbo aircrafts, he said: \"If we get 250 acres of land, under public-private partnership model even jumbo aircraft services can be started.\"Recalling the May 22, 2010 air crash, he said the Mangalore airport received many adverse comments regarding infrastructure and other aspects after the accident. But this also meant that several works were completed almost immediately. For instance, work on 'distance to go markers' were finished within two months at the Mangalore airport, while the same works took a long time in other critical airports, he added. Mangalore airport also has facilities like operating, communication and navigation control, which other airports, including the one in Cochin, do not have, he said.The interactive programme was organized as Vasudeva is retiring the end of this month. He was also felicitated by the DKDWJA during the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16778956", "title": "James Bond voted Hollywood's most influential man", "text": "Fictional superspy James Bond has been named as Hollywood's most influential man in a new online poll.The secret agent, currently portrayed by Daniel Craig in the 007 franchise, beat the world's fastest man, Olympic gold medallist Usain Bolt , to the top of AskMen.com's survey, leaving the athlete trailing at number two, Contactmusic reported.According to the website editors, Ian Fleming's secret agent character \"has always fit right in with the times\", adding that \"James Bond has been influencing men for six decades, and he's not done yet.\"Former U.S. President Bill Clinton secured third place, while Family Guy creator Seth MACFarlane and The Dark Knight Rises star Joseph Gordon-Levitt round out the top five in fourth and fifth place, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16774672", "title": "Yuvraj Singh eyes allrounder's slot in Test team", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After performing fairly well in the recent World T20, Yuvraj Singh is now eyeing a comeback into the Indian Test team. India is scheduled to play a 4-Test series against England starting November 15 in Ahmedabad.Yuvraj, who has been selected in North Zone's team for their Duleep Trophy tie against Central Zone from October 14 to 17, said he was looking at the No. 6 slot in the Test team as an allrounder.\"Duleep Trophy matches will be very important for me as it will be a good preparation before England tour. I am looking forward to these matches and if I perform consistently I can get back into the Test team. It will be difficult playing the longer version of the game but I am confident I'll last the duration,\" Yuvraj said on Thursday, adding his left-arm spin will be a bonus. \"I am also going to focus on my bowling too and look forward to make it to the Indian team as an all-rounder, not just a specialist batsman.\"Yuvraj has three matches -- four if North reach Duleep final -- along with two rounds of Ranji Trophy games to impress the selectors before they announce the squad for the England series.\"I am fairly satisfied with my performance during the T20 World Championship. But in the final Super 8 game against South Africa I was in good form and should have stayed at the crease,\" the southpaw said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "time and again, we're seeing celebs clarifying about their presence in various social networking sites. after tamannaah and vamsi paidipally elucidating that they are not on any social networking sites, it's now shruti haasan turn to express the same. the leggy lass has clarified that she's not on facebook after receiving several enquiries from her fan base. shruti haasan posted on her twitter \"i do not have a public profile on face book tweeps! fake profiles ", "code": "16780465", "title": "I\u2019m not on Facebook: Shruti Haasan", "text": "Time and again, we're seeing celebs clarifying about their presence in various social networking sites. After Tamannaah and Vamsi Paidipally elucidating that they are not on any social networking sites, it's now Shruti Haasan turn to express the same. The leggy lass has clarified that she's not on Facebook after receiving several enquiries from her fan base. Shruti Haasan posted on her Twitter \"I do not have a public profile on face book tweeps! Fake profiles :( \"(sic).Shruti was last seen in Pawan Kalyan-starrer Gabbar Singh and she'll be soon sharing screen space with Ravi Teja in a Telugu film Balupu, to be directed by Gopichand Malineni and produced by Prasad V Potluri. The actress is currently shooting for Prabhu Deva's Bollywood film, a remake of Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774397", "title": "BJP leader pelted with stones", "text": "RANCHI: Veteran BJP leader Kalraj Mishra had a narrow escape here on Thursday when unidentified miscreants pelted him with stones while he was addressing a public meet at Dhurva ground. Mishra was here on a day-long visit to address a mass meeting to \"expose\" Congress policies as part of the BJP's national programme. Stones were pelted on Mishra while he was vehemently criticizing local MP and Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay. Though most of the stones missed the dais one of them hit the mike missing the BJP leader by a few inches.Mishra had to cut short his speech and the programme winded up. Later he accused the Congress and its supporters for adopting such techniques to silence the BJP. \"Disappointed and helpless, the Congress felt it had no option but to shoo away people who are raising voice against their corrupt practices,\" he said calling the incident \"unfortunate\" and \"shameful\".Dhurva police station OC HN Singh said an FIR has been lodged against unknown people by the local BJP workers. \"We are trying to identify the miscreants on basis of statement of the people who were attending the meeting,\" he said.Addressing the meeting earlier, Mishra predicted that the Manmohan Sight-led government would complete its tenure. Alleging that the Congress-led UPA government has adopted the \"arm-twisting technique\" in coercing its coalition partners for continuing their support, Mishra said the BSP and SP were unlikely to withdraw support because the Congress would launch various probes and raids against the BSP and SP leaders.\"We should not be surprised if the UPA II government completes its tenure despite all the unpopular decisions because some of the partners in the coalition would never dare to walk out fearing a backlash in form of investigations and probes,\" he said. He said the BJP has found it necessary to take issues like price rise, corruption and black money to the people so that they can understand what is happening at the level of policy makers.Criticizing foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail and insurance sector, Mishra said the day was not far when common people would feel the brunt of such decisions. \"We have been protesting against such investments as it will ruin the domestic economy and tamper with the fabric of social stability,\" he said. Expressing surprise over the long list of corruption cases being exposed and the government's inaction in this regard, he said involvement of the senior leaders and ministers in the UPA government was evident. \"Had the senior leaders be not involved in the cases like 2G, 3G scams and coalgate, the government would have been compelled to take some action against the perpetrators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774666", "title": "Clash leaves cops in a tizzy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as police were busy handling the burglary at the Mahankali temple in Lal Dawaza, a minor tiff over the parking of a vehicle in a narrow road in Patel Market, Pathergatti, on Wednesday night took a communal turn, putting the men in khaki on tenterhooks.A 68-year-old person suffered critical injuries when a mob belonging to a particular community attacked him for refusing to remove the vehicle from a lane.On Wednesday around 8.30 pm, Om Prakash Singhania, who owns Mahesh Trading Company, was unloading goods from a transport vehicle in the narrow lane near his shop at Patel Market, Pathergatti.A few persons belonging to another community asked him to remove the vehicle as it was obstructing free movement of vehicles. \"The minor issue snowballed into a serious one as persons of another community returned with a mob of over 20 persons and brutally attacked Om Prakash and others,'' Hyderabad Cloth Cut Piece Association president Mahender Prasad said.Om Prakash is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Malakpet and his condition is said to be serious. In the melee, Om Prakash's son Naresh also suffered minor injuries, but he was accused of hitting a person of another community.``In the incident involving Naresh, the person suffered a minor injury, but police registered a case under section 307 (Attempt to murder) of IPC against him though he is a victim of mob attack. Instead of arresting persons who were involved in the attack on Om Prakash, police have picked up Naresh,'' the association members said.However, assistant commissioner of police (Charminar division) M Ram Mohan Rao said four persons, belonging to both the groups, were arrested for their involvement in the incident.Protesting against the incident, over 1,500 shops in the market downed their shutters on Thursday. Shop-keepers demanded that the Charminar police release Naresh besides withdrawing the case against him. Later, some protesters staged a dharna in front of Machli Kaman near Charminar by sitting on the road. The agitators were taken into preventive custody and shifted to various police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774767", "title": "69-year-old NRI found dead in Delhi hotel", "text": "NEW DELHI: An elderly non-resident Indian (NRI) was found dead at a hotel in Vasant Kunj on Wednesday. Varghese (69), resident of Cedar Avenue, New York , was a native of Kerala. The hotel staff called in police on Wednesday evening when they got no response from the room he was stayng in.\"There was no injury mark on the body, which has been shifted to AIIMS for postmortem. We believe he consumed poison or took an overdose of drugs. However, we are waiting for the postmortem report. We might ask the doctors to preserve the viscera,'' said an officer investigating the case. Varghese's wife and children, who reside in the US, have been informed about his death.Varghese ran a business in the US and often visited Delhi. \"We have recovered a suicide note along with other papers from his room. The note has blamed no one for his death but mentions that a few close relatives were not returning money they owed him. We are investigating the case from this angle. We have preserved the body for the next 72 hours and are waiting for his family to arrive. We plan to take down their statements,'' said the officer.Police said Varghese usually stayed at Le Season hotel on his visits to Delhi. \"He had checked in at the hotel on October 5. He was last seen in the lobby by a hotel employee on October 8. We believe he died in the next 48 hours,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777234", "title": "Tirodkar released on bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special CBI court on Thursday released former Mumbai journalist and an accused in the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar fake encounter case, Ketan Tirodkar since the probe agency failed to file chargesheet against him within stipulated time period.Tirodkar got default bail on his request that he was eligible to be freed because the CBI had not filed report within 90 days of his judicial custody. The issue of Tirodkar's default bail also emerged before the Gujarat high court, when the CBI sought three months' extension. Justice M R Shah took note of the delay in filing report and commented, \"Are you (CBI) so helpless?\" Ten days passed since then, but the CBI did not file chargesheet making Tirodkar eligible for default bail under section 167(2) of CrPC\".Additional chief judicial magistrate H S Khutwad ordered release of Tirodkar on furnishing surety and solvency of Rs 50,000. The court also imposed certain conditions on Tirodkar that he would not be allowed to leave India. The court also imposed strict condition that he would not try to tamper with evidence or influence witnesses in the case.Tirodkar was arrested in the first week of July, when he appeared before the high court in response to a CBI summons. This 2003 encounter case came to be reopened on Tirodkar's claims that the Mumbai police handed over custody of Sadiq to Gujarat police a few days before the encounter. He made these claims in an affidavit filed before the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court. He was arrested following this. When the CBI arrested him, Tirodkar first sought bail on the ground that an accused cannot be arrested twice for the same offence.He contended that the Mumbai police arrested him on his disclosure about Sadiq's custody only. However, a sessions court denied bail to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16777422", "title": "Plan bus routes on upcoming roads to ease burden on Mumbai locals: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Road travel in the city is costlier and takes longer than train, resulting perhaps in th18e overcrowding of the locals during peak hours. But transport experts say if upcoming infrastructure projects are designed to accommodate dedicated bus routes and suburban trains are operated cyclically, it will help ease the burden on suburban train services as well as road traffic.Transport expert Jagdeep Desai said in Delhi, Kolkata and every city in the world with Metro rail, services are operated cyclically. He said for instance a Virar-Churchgate train should be followed by a Borivli-Churchgate, then Andheri-Churchgate and so on. \"This will automatically segregate train commuter traffic,\" he said.Desai said that the muchdelayed road and rail projects can give benefits only with the proper placement of bus stops and efficient bus and train services.Another senior transport expert said the Monorail won't bring much relief unless completed between Chembur and Jacob Circle, and a proper bus service on the road below. \"Similarly, Metro will help only when started on the entire 12km between Ghatkopar and Versova. The Metro should have been taken across the Eastern Express Highway till Chembur, to ease road and suburban rail traffic,\" he said, emphasizing on the need to plan better bus services on these routes.\"Milan flyover and the elevated Sahar road will only benefit cars, especially airport traffic. Another flyover is essential across Khar subway between SV Road and WEH, to feed traffic to the upcoming SCLR,\" he said.\"All these road projects promise nothing for bus traffic. The MMRDA and BEST should jointly figure out how to convert car and train traffic into bus traffic to decongest the existing road and rail corridors, once the new road and rail routes start operations,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16776623", "title": "Michael 'rocks' lock-up again", "text": "MAPUSA: Notorious undertrial Michael Fernandes was at it again at the Mapusa judicial lock-up, this time damaging property.On late Wednesday night, the accused in several theft cases, asked the assistant jailor for a cigarette. Denied the same, he raised a ruckus damaging a TV, fan, buckets, carom board etc. He also kept shouting that he should be shifted to the Sada sub-jail in Vasco, states the police plaint filed by the assistant jailor.This is not the first time Fernandes has turned the lock-up-with a capacity for 45 undertrials, but holding 62-upside down.In June, he attempted to commit suicide in the lock-up by consuming some tablets.Sources said that with the lock-up holding beyond its capacity and thus congested it is difficult for the jailor to keep a watch on all the undertrials continuously.Fernandes is in judicial custody because he has successfully escaped from jail on five earlier occasions.The undertrial is so notorious that in July he threatened witnesses with dire consequences in the court room of a Mapusa court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775678", "title": "Song on Birla cleared with disclaimer", "text": "MUMBAI: The Calcutta high court on Thursday directed film director and producer Prakash Jha to add a disclaimer for the song Mehangai in his soon to be released film Chakravyuh but declined to grant any interim order to the Birlas who filed a defamation suit against Jha over the song.The industrialists said the song-lyrics were intended to tarnish their reputation. The film's scriptwriter Anjum Rajabali said, \"The objection is puzzling.\" Jha's lawyer Ameet Naik argued that the censor board is required to and considers even issues of defamation. He said the censor board has cleared the song with a disclaimer and no injunction could now be placed. The court said an additional disclaimer be inserted which is likely to say references in the song are \"purely for illustrative purpose\" and that the producers meant no harm or disrespect to any individual or brand.A relieved Jha said, \"In the past, these names were used as parodies. We already have a disclaimer, will put an additional one.\"The Batas have also dragged Jha to court, to Delhi HC where an order is pending. While the song takes digs at the political and economic situation, the Birlas said they take \"pride, and justifiably so, in having built an impeccable reputation on the foundations of fairness, equality and sustained commitment to the development of society and the country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16774486", "title": "Kui leader held for attack on aspiring teachers in Phulbani", "text": "Berhampur: Police on Thursday evening arrested Lambodar Kanhar, the general secretary of the Kui Samaj Samanaya Samiti (KSSS), a tribal outfit, in connection with an attack on aspiring teachers in Phulbani on Wednesday.\"We arrested Kanhar in Phulabani in the evening and produced him in a court,\" said SP (Kandhamal) JN Pankaj. Other persons involved in the incident are yet be arrested, the SP added. The court remanded the accused to 14 days in judicial custody.Two cases were lodged against Kanhar and his supporters for their alleged involvement in the assault on the sikhya sahayak candidates, who had come to appear in the certificate verification to Phulabani. They also allegedly tore the certificates of some of the candidates.The KSSS demanded for the appointment of sikshya sahayaks from only those persons residing in Kandhamal district. \"It was not only the demand of the Kui samaj, but this was the demand of the people of the district,\" claimed Kanhar. He said they had demanded for appointment of Class III and IV government posts in the district from the Kandhamal district only since 1994. A senior office , said there was no bar on appointing outside candidates in sikhya sahayak posts from outside the district. Moreover, the agitators did not discuss with the district administration about the criteria of the selection during recruitment. \"It is a policy matter and we can do nothing about their demand,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16775396", "title": "If and when captaincy comes, I'll be ready for it, says Virat Kohli", "text": "Virat Kohli has been batting in a different zone in recent months. On Thursday during an exclusive interview with K Shriniwas Rao, he gave a rare peek into his world as he spoke about his game and life beyond cricket. Excerpts...India lost only one match but still couldn't make it to the semis of WT20...Yes, it was very unfortunate. Other than that one defeat to Australia, we played reasonably well. This tournament once again showed how crucial net run-rates can be in such a format.Your batting was again the highlight...I had good fun and was really enjoying myself out there until our game against South Africa. It wasn't a good feeling that in spite of winning the game, we could not make it to semis.You are batting in a different zone...I am doing the same things that I've always done. Yes, this phase has turned out to be really good and I hope to keep it going. You can't just go out there and keep scoring in every match. So I believe that as long as I keep working hard and maintain that focus, it's fine.Any change in your training schedule?I still do the same things - fitness training, batting, gym sessions, spending time with teammates and so on. The only difference is I perceive things differently these days. I'd like to believe that I'm far more disciplined today than what I used to be and I work a lot harder on all aspects of my game. The idea is to strive for consistency and stretch it farthest. It can happen only when my mind and body are totally into it.Discipline - is it something that you've inculcated over time?I always had a sense of discipline in me. However, there was a time when I couldn't divide my time properly between off-field things and on-field assignments. The focus would be missing at times and that would affect my preparation for matches. I managed to change that. Now I neglect everything else and focus only on the game.Some players are just naturally talented while others have to work hard to achieve success. In your case, talent and hard work seem to go hand-in-hand...Irrespective of whether you have talent or not, one has to work hard. Just being talented doesn't mean anything; you can end up wasting it before you realize. I work very hard, there is an urge to keep striving. I enjoy it.You seem to enjoy responsibilities too...I love playing under pressure. In fact, if there's no pressure then I'm not in the perfect zone. Frankly, I love taking responsibility. It brings out the best in me.What do you think of captaincy? There's talk you may lead the Twenty20 side...I too have heard the chatter about captaincy, but I am not thinking about it right now. If and when it comes, I'll be ready for it. As of now, I'd rather concentrate on my game.What do you prepare for a match?I just try to stay as calm and confident as possible. Good Punjabi music before a match pumps me up. It gives me a kick.And how do you relax?Music, for me, is vital. Punjabi, Bollywood, Sufi, RnB... I listen to it all. When I'm not listening to music, you will find me chatting with friends. Off the field, I just let my instincts take over. I certainly don't think about batting, or which bowlers I'm going to face.Are you a spiritual person?I am. I do believe in God. But you won't find me visiting temples every now and then. I believe in self-realization. Peace of mind matters a lot to me. What's the point in doing something just for the sake of it? I'd rather do something I like doing as long as I'm being true to myself.In 2008, you led the U-19 team to World Cup triumph, got picked for IPL and were on the verge of making your debut for Team India. But something went wrong...Probably, I was a little lost with what was happening around me. I took time to adjust. When you don't have someone to guide you through such situations, things can get very difficult. I was confused, my priorities had suddenly changed and things didn't go as I had expected. That was a mistake.Your exposure to big league was sudden...Yes, it all happened very quickly. I was confused about which direction to head. I used to feel stupid at times. As a result, I didn't enjoy the best of seasons. I needed to learn it and I realized that what you do out there on the cricket field is all that matters. Everything else is secondary. I'm glad it happened at the beginning of my career.Today, there's certain calmness in the way you talk...I don't know about that but I certainly give a lot of importance to conversation and communication. I'm pretty clear in my head about what I want to say and where to say it. It helps me and probably keeps me calm too.Five hundreds in you last 10 ODIs - you seem to be mastering the art of converting 50s into 100s...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16777271", "title": "Bharath Group chairman passes away", "text": "MANGALORE: B Ganapathi Pai, chairperson of Bharath Group Company, passed away on Wednesday night. He was 77 years and is survived by his wife, two sons and two daughters.Pai established Bharath Beedi Works Private Limited with a pan-India presence. Today, Bharath Beedi Works Private Limited and other concerns under Bharath Brand employ over 50,000 people directly and indirectly, and have an annual turnover of about Rs 400 crore.His father, B Manjunath Pai, established the business empire with 'No.30' brand Beedi, but it was Ganapathi Pai who took the business to greater heights. Being the eldest son, Ganapathi Pai joined his father in business in 1954. Ganapathi Pai lost his mother when he was hardly 11 months old.The Bharath Group Companies include Bharath Beedi Works Private Limited, Bharath Exports, Bharath Builders, Bharath Printers and Alaknanda Printers, Bharath Auto Cars, Bharath Mall and Book Mark. Bharath group is running two educational institutions and a cultural centre in Karkala.Union minister for power and corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily condoled the death of Ganapathi Pai, describing him as a \"great entrepreneur and philanthropist\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16777804", "title": "Zonal-level police sports meet commences", "text": "MADURAI: The 52nd Zonal-level sports meet among policemen was declared open in the Armed Reserve Grounds on Thursday. The four-day event will see the police zones of Chennai Police, North Zone, South Zone, Central Zone, West Zone and Armed Reserved compete against each other. The sports event will include kabbadi, foot ball, volley ball, hand ball, hockey, basket ball, badminton etc., for both men and women categories. Nearly 500 sports personnel from various police zones are participating. Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan welcomed the gathering and said that the sportsmen selected in the zonal level will be sent to represent state team in national level meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776341", "title": "Kochi corporation to take count of lamp posts before placing advertisements", "text": "KOCHI: The city corporation has decided to take count of all the lamp posts that are tendered for placing advertisements. The town planning section will physically inspect each post before inviting the tenders to avoid confusion.Mayor Tony Chammany will announce the final decisionin this regard.The finance standing committee, which looked into the alleged graft charges against the town planning committee, which gave permission to an agency for the display of advertisements on lamp posts, found that the civic body had incurred a loss of Rs 9 lakh a month due to non-renewal of the contract.The one year tender given to the private agency ended in March 2011. The opposition alleged that though the agency was bound to remit Rs 65 lakh to the corporation in this regard, officials could only collect Rs 55 lakh.According to a councillor, the corporation will frame certain rules to bring in clarity in the tendering process. The councillor also said that the local body would provide provisions in the agreement which would facilitate it to recover the loss from the contractor.\"Though there are a few such provisions in the current deal, we need to bring in more clarity. There should not be any confusion in clauses related to the recovery of loss,\" said the councillor.\"The local body will have to re-tender the lamp posts as some irregularities have taken place. The private agency which has placed advertisements will have to remove them,\" said the councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774772", "title": "Pune autos, Delhi taxis costlier than Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai assumes the third position nationally when it comes to auto fares, with Pune the most expensive city in Maharashtra for an auto ride. Bengaluru tops the list across the country. Travelling by cabs here, too, is cheaper than in Delhi, which is the numero uno when it comes to taxi fares.Statistics compiled by transport officials show that in Delhi, the minimum fare for taxis is Rs 20 for a 1km distance. This means that you pay Rs 25.50 for a 1.5km distance. In Mumbai, you pay Rs 19 for 1.5km.Similarly, in Mumbai if you travel 2 km, you pay Rs 25 as compared to Rs 31 in Delhi, and for 5km, you pay Rs 61 as compared to Rs 64 in Delhi.In case of autorickshaws, Bengaluru topped the chart with minimum fare of Rs 20 for 1.8km and a fare of Rs 11 for every subsequent km. This was followed by Pune where commuters have a lower minimum fare of Rs 11 for 1 km, but if one travels a distance of 1.5km, the fare is Rs 16. In comparison, the fare in Mumbai is Rs 15-a rupee less-for a distance of 1.5km. If you travel 2km, the fare will be Rs 21 in Pune and Rs 20 in Mumbai. Similarly, for a 5km journey, the fare will be Rs 51 in Pune and Rs 50 in Mumbai.Kolkata taxi fares are cheaper than Mumbai, with Rs 22 for the first 2km and Rs 10 for every subsequent km. Also, Delhi auto fares are cheaper than Mumbai with Rs 19 for the first 2km and Rs 6.50 for every subsequent km. For example, the auto fare in Mumbai will be Rs 39 for 4km while it will be Rs 32 in Delhi for the same distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16777697", "title": "Mid-day meals granted to 7 schools", "text": "KANPUR: The state government sanctioned mid-day meal scheme to seven schools of Kanpur Nagar Nigam and allocated a sum of Rs 83,000 to each. According to Nagar Nigam officials schools where mid-day meal will be distributed hereon are DPS Inter College Nawabganj, RBRD School Nawabganj, Mahatma Gandhi School Civil Lines, Mahatma Gandhi School Tilak Nagar, Hiraman Ka Purwa school, Sri Ratan Shukla Inter college Juhi and Gandhi Smarak School Govind Nagar. Additional city commissioner Umakant Tripathi infomed that district inspector of school had released a sum of Rs 78,500 for constructing shed for kitchen and Rs 5,000 for utensils for cooking meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16779857", "title": "UP government asks minister to resign in CMO abduction case", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has reportedly asked minister of state for revenue, Vinod Singh alias Pandit Singh to submit his resignation in connection with allegations of threatening and abducting CMO Dr SP Singh.Though an official word on the same is still awaited, sources said that Pandit Singh was conveyed the message telephonically on Friday morning. Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, however, refrained from commenting anything over the matter.The CMO had reportedly refused to appoint minister's candidate on the post of AYUSH doctors under NRHM in gonda district.The NRHM programme is already stained with the murder of three doctors and a multi crore scam in Uttar Pradesh.The CMO is missing for the last 48 hours and the family is scared of some untoward incident. Earlier talking to TOI, health minister Ahmed Hasan said, \"This is a serious matter and we are looking into the facts.\"Sources, however, said that on Thursday the health minister had prepared a stock taking report at his level. He submitted the same to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at his residence at around 1.30 pm. The two reportedly discussed over the matter for more than two hours. Hasan left the place at around 4.00 pm. He refused to comment on the issue at that time. The same report is said to be the basis for pandit singh's resignation. The MLA from gonda is a politician with criminal antecedents.Denying the allegations, he said, that his political rivals were spreading romours against him. Till now, the provincial medical health services association - the official body of government doctors in the state -- has however remained silent over the entire matter.Retired officers have however reacted strongly to the issue. Dr Jai Singh, who has been the general secretary of the doctors association, for instance said that political pressures always made functioning of government officials difficult. The incident is probably a result of the denial to fulfill their wills and wishes after the NRHM scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16776078", "title": "Indian Mujahideen men went unnoticed in Kasarwadi", "text": "PUNE: Kasarwadi in Pimpri Chinchwad is in focus after the special cell of the Delhi police revealed that IM operative Sayed Feroz had rented a flat here and the IEDs used in the Pune blasts on August 1 and those planned in other places were assembled here.On Thursday, local residents were taken aback to hear about Kasarwadi's connection in the August 1 blasts. \"This is a big area and one will not be able to know the exact location where the flat was rented,\" said Dnyaneshwar Jawalkar, a resident. Local corporator Kiran Mote said he got to know about the connection when reporters started asking him about the area.Its humble profile and proximity to Pune may have been one reason why Feroz chose to live here. The flat in Jawalkar vasti is close to a railway level crossing gate a few metres from Kasarwadi railway station. Several small houses, chawls and a few buildings, some constructed in the last five to ten years dot the vasti. A slum has come up near the railway crossing.The railway line is parallel to the Mumbai-pune highway stretch, and most areas of Kasarwadi are along either sides of the highway and railway track. Pune is half an hour's ride by bus or local train.Kasarwadi, a small village, is now the centre of residential and business activity with banks, hotels , restaurants and several big and small shops coming up along the highway. A narrow road off the highway leads to Jawalkar Vasti, Pimpale Gurav and Sangvi.The place is always crowded with movement of people and vehicles. People living here are industrial employees and unskilled workers. Single or double rooms are available for low rents in the area.The special cell of the Delhi police said that in the second fortnight of July, Sayed Feroz rented a flat in Kasarwadi. After a few days, he was joined by two other Indian Mujahideen operatives. They had brought with them explosives and other material to build a bomb.Feroz went with them to Budhwar Peth to buy electronic items for making the IED. They purchased digital watches, circuit boards and other electronic items from the market here. On the morning of August 1, they went to Phadke Haud, bought bicycles and rode them to the Deccan bus stand and parked them in the cycle stand.In the evening, the trio carrying rucksacks with the IEDs left the rented accommodation in Kasarwadi. They reached the bus stand, retrieved the bicycles and placed the IEDs and left them at places along Jangli Maharaj Road. After planting more IEDs in the same area, they dispersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16776225", "title": "Police warn of strict action against hoteliers for violating parking norms", "text": "NASHIK: Hotels in the city are on the verge of being penalized for flouting norms on vehicle parking.Deputy commissioner of police Sandeep Diwan said that strict action will be taken against hoteliers and owners of other establishments who are flouting norms with regard to parking vehicles in front of their respective establishments.Diwan said that a number of hoteliers were flouting basic norms of keeping ample parking area for customers. The result is that motorists park their vehicles on the road, eating up a good amount of road space, causing problem to traffic movement.\"A number of hoteliers have extended the sitting arrangement of their eateries to their parking area. In their plans, they would show ample parking for their guests while seeking approval from the civic department. Later, they extend sitting arrangements in the parking space,\" he said.About three months back, the city police issued notices to nearly 250 hotels and other establishments. Traffic officials said that the defaulters may face action under section 122 (leaving vehicles in dangerous positions) and section 179 (disobedience of orders, obstruction and refusal of information) of the motor vehicle Act.DCP Diwan said though the offences are compoundable and the concerned owners may get away by paying a meagre fee, they plan to take strict action against them by sending their cases to court.Meanwhile, even as the concerned hotels and establishments have been slapped with the notices, not a single hotel has furnished a reply, officials from the city traffic department informed.On July 15, general secretary of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress, Sharad Aher was attacked by a mob near hotel Kaka ka Dhaba, after an argument broke out between two groups over the issue of parking vehicles in front of the hotel.Supporters of Aher had given a bandh call in Ozar, appealing to traders to keep their establishments closed to protest the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777502", "title": "Business-school students excel at TOI quiz", "text": "PATNA: What happens when the CEOs and MDs in the making compete to shine in a quiz contest? It's an enriching experience for one and all, including the audience, and this was exactly what happened at Times Business Quiz at the city's A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies on Thursday.Vying for the top slot were a two-member team each from L N Mishra Institute (LNMI), Usha Martin Academy (UMA), Cybotech Campus, Advantage Media Academy (AMA), Amity Global University and CIMAGE. The ten-round contest had the young minds fielding questions pertaining to politics, sports and entertainment.Lucknow's quizmaster Chandrashekhar Varma, who was \"managing an event\" in Patna for the first time, had to deal with an audience which was not only receptive but also overenthusiastically responsive. One in the audience had to even pay for his over-enthusiasm as he was made to dance on the tunes of 'Sheela ki jawani' as a penalty for prompting his favourite team.\"You would have known the answer had you read the movie review in The Times of India,\" Varma quipped when the participants couldn't answer a question about the movie 'OMG'.Though the LNMI team could not create magic on the stage, its students among the audience bagged most of the sweets and pens, the prizes meant for the individuals in the audience.With rounds like 'Odd man out', 'Guessing the voice in audio clips' and 'Doubling and redoubling', the 4-hour event had the audience glued to their seats till it ended with distribution of wrist watches among the four top scorers.While UMA's Sunil Kumar and Nitish Kumar bagged the first prize, CIMAGE's Manish Kumar and Mukesh Kumar Sinha secured the second slot and Amity's Utsav Sahay and Mohd Azharuddin the third position.LNMI's Aditya Shanker and Chandraprabha, Cybotech's Swarnlata and Neha and AMA's Ram Kumar and Ajay Bhaskar were given consolation prizes.The contest was followed by a question-answer session. In the session on personality development, Varma recited several couplets. \"Apne dil ka raasta maine kuchh yun saaf kiya; kuchh se maafi mang li, kuchh ko maaf kiya,\" he recited as he underlined the import of stress-free interpersonal relationships.Bihar legislative council chairman Awadhesh Narayan Singh, who was the chief guest, admitted the session was loaded with three 'Is': interesting, intelligent and inspiring.The Business Quiz Contest was organized by The Times of India in collaboration with the Bank of Baroda . While Cox &amp; Kings at Verma Centre on Boring Road was the main associate, the sponsors included A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies, Fastrack, Chanakya Hotel and Pepsi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774755", "title": "State entrusts protection of govt land to new body", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Thursday entrusted the responsibility of protecting government land, especially the tank bed land in the state, to the newly constituted Andhra Pradesh Land Management Authority (APLMA). The state also laid stress on the protection of lakes in GHMC areas. More than fifty lakes in these areas have either been encroached or regularised to realtors after encroachment.To ensure land allotments are transparent, the government has also decided to make the details of land assignments, including the extent of land and rate of compensation available to the public.After the recent court cases and CBI probe into land allotments to private parties during the YSR regime, the state government recently constituted an authority replacing the toothless committee. The authority is headed by the chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA) and has principal secretaries of various departments that deal with land as its members. In the land allotment policy announced last month, the government already fixed the land need for various purposes like educational institutions, power plants, hospitals and SEZs, among others. Now for every allotment, a clearance from the Environmental Protection Target Responsibility System (EPTRS) is mandatory.On Thursday, a GO fixing the responsibilities and powers of the APLMA was issued. As per the GO, there is a ban on change of classification of tank bed land and also on its allotment. The APLMA will protect government land either by fencing or by erecting a compound wall to ensure legal protection of all areas under litigation. It will also take the necessary steps to strengthen the existing land protection cells in the state. The APLMA will establish an online 'Land Bank' where comprehensive information on government land and land allotted to public and private organisations will be posted along with accurate survey maps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16775941", "title": "UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav should restrain his ministers", "text": "Seventy-two hours after a minister allegedly held Gonda chief medical officer hostage, reportedly to force him to appoint candidates of his choice, and a helpless DM went on leave, the state government is yet to order even a symbolic probe into the incident. If a minister dares abduct such a senior officer, it shows that people like him are confident that nothing will happen to them. This puts a big question mark on our young chief minister's promise to check crime in the state and criminal elements within his party. Vinod Singh, the accused minister in this case, is one of the most 'decorated' as far as number of criminal cases go. In Akhilesh Yadav's cabinet, there are many like him who are in the habit of flaunting their muscles and firepower to get their way through. It's the chief minister's responsibility to restrain this lot who bring bad name to his seven-month-old government already getting the flak for poor law and order and governance. He must act fast to inspire confidence among the people who saw him as a harbinger of positive change and voted him to power.Related story:  Govt yet to order probe into chief medical officer's kidnapping", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "malana", "code": "16775691", "title": "Himachal Pradesh assembly polls: Politics takes 'grass' route in Malana", "text": "MALANA: A cannabis-induced green revolution is sweeping the valley of gods - home to hundreds of deities - just before the polls. The harvesting of the green crop is in full swing in the Kullu valley and thousands of villagers whose livelihood relies on cannabis farming want more than just booze and mutton feasts during this elections. They want the cultivation of cannabis to be legalized.Leading the movement is Malana village - home to the best grown charas in the world aka 'Malana Cream' and a place where all efforts of the local administration to pursue people to adopt alternative farming have flopped.According to the villagers in Malana, charas, which is made from the resin of the cannabis plant, should be banned, not the plant.\"Charas should be banned, not cannabis farming. The cultivation of cannabis should be legalized as thousands of families depend on it,\" said Chure Ram, deputy head of Malana village panchayat.Cannabis has been grown in the valley for ages. Its fibre is used by locals for making pulla (shoes), ropes etc and seeds are used in many sweets and siddu, a local dish and the staple diet in most households.\"Our lives depend on bhang cultivation. Outsiders don't understand that cannabis is our lifeline without which our survival will become very difficult. Cannabis production should be legalized,\" added Chure Ram.Maheshwar Singh, a BJP rebel leader, who has been an MP thrice and who has launched a new party, supports this demand and is promising the locals legalization of cannabis.\"Cannabis has been part and parcel of the locals here for ages. The problem began when foreigners started smuggling charas and it became a lucrative trade. I am against charas and its smuggling but I am all for the cannabis production,\" said Singh, who is contesting elections from Manali seat.According to Singh, cultivation of cannabis should be licensed on the lines of states like Rajasthan and Orissa.\"Cannabis can be grown for local use as well as for its medicinal use. If Orissa and Rajasthan can legalise its production why not in Kullu, where best quality cannabis grows in the wild,\" added Singh.Echoing similar views, sitting MLA Govind Thakur said legalizing cannabis could be one way of supporting thousands of villagers besides the introduction of alternative farming.\"There is no harm in legalizing the cultivation provided that it does not lead to a jump in the charas production,\" said Thakur, adding that he had not yet made it an election issue.Every year cannabis is grown on thousands of bighas of land, most of which is almost inaccessible and remains hidden from the eyes in the upper reaches of Kullu, Manali, Banjar and Anni areas of the district.However, Himachal Pradesh police don't seem to be in favour of such a move.Senior officials said legalizing cannabis would result in a spurt in charas production in the valley.\"Who will man the cannabis fields most of which are located at extreme heights? And what is the guarantee that those cultivating cannabis won't produce charas also,\" asked Kullu police SP Ashok Kumar.Kumar said the police department already doesn't have proper infrastructure to handle the present cultivation and if licences were granted then the situation would become worse.\"I say destroy all the cannabis and make villagers grow something else. They can grow apples, if nothing else,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16776026", "title": "Politics may derail Metro project in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: An uncertain wait is ahead for the lakhs of commuters dreaming of taking a Metro from the airport to Barrackpore.Mamata Banerjee's pullout from the UPA has made all the difference. The project that seemed to have the full-hearted backing of the Bengal chief minister suddenly seems like nobody's baby.The Trinamool Congress-run Kolkata Municipal Corporation demands a hefty compensation from the railway ministry - that is no longer with Trinamool - to relocate or scrap two major drinking water projects to facilitate the Metro extension from Dum Dum to Barrackpore.Water pipelines running underneath BT Road from Palta to Tallah need to be removed or shifted to allow for construction of pillars for the Metro tracks. The problem had been sorted out a year ago with the direct intervention of the CM but now that Mamata is out of the UPA, KMC has raked up the issue yet again.The two drinking water pipelines, stretching over 22km, cater to north and central Kolkata. Relocating them won't be easy.Early last year, the then railway minister Dinesh Trivedi had come down to the KMC headquarters at SN Banerjee Road to thrash out the problem with mayor Sovan Chatterjee. The mayor had reluctantly agreed to scrap the pipelines under instructions from Mamata, who was keen to expedite the Metro construction.Now, the mayor has again hardened his stance. He has refused to heed the railway ministry's request unless it pays adequate damages to set up alternative pipelines.\"We are in a fix. We do not want to come in the way of the Metro expansion. But one should appreciate that the KMC has to cater to citizens of north and central Kolkata, where the demand for piped water is growing. Before we plan to move or remove the pipelines we need to get the money to lay another set of pipelines,\" the mayor told TOI on Thursday.The mayor's concern doesn't match with chief minister Mamata Banerjee's claim. While commissioning the new pipeline under BT Road, the CM had said that it would meet the drinking water need of the city \"for the next 100 years\".The fact is that the new pipeline carries 22 million gallons of water that can't replace the two old pipelines carrying 45 to 50 million gallons of water.The mayor is desperate to install another pipeline - preferably with railway funds - to meet the deficit of at least another 23 million gallons.According to officials in the KMC water supply department, it would take at least three years to lay the pipelines. The delay might result in a water crisis in vast stretches of north and central Kolkata especially during the summer months, fear KMC officials.But this was known to the KMC authorities when Mamata Banerjee announced the extension of the Metro project from Dum Dum to Barrackpore. The mayor had not asked for any compensation from the railways then. He had promised all cooperation to Dinesh Trivedi because it was top priority for Didi.This time, however, the mayor has put his foot down and is pointing to civic problems, possibly because political priorities are not the same as they were when the Trinamool was at the helm of railways and also the KMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774400", "title": "Operation Blue Star veteran Brig Khan\u2019s security to be restored after 11 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the recent assassination attempt on Lt-Gen (retired) K S Brar in London raised safety concerns of all Operation Blue Star veterans back home, the government has decided to restore security of Brig (retired) Israr Rahim Khan, who led the first Army troops that entered the Golden Temple in Amritsar during the operation in June, 1984.Brigadier Khan has been living without any security for over 11 years.It was also decided that Lt-Gen Brar and seven other ex-Army officers, who participated in the 1984 operation to flush out militants from the Golden Temple, would continue to get security from the Army.A committee, headed by Union home secretary R K Singh, has decided that Khan, who is in his 70s, would be provided security immediately by central agencies including paramilitary forces. After some time, the Uttar Pradesh Police will take over his security, sources said.Khan's security was withdrawn in 2001 after he was asked to vacate his government accommodation in Delhi cantonment which was allotted to him after his retirement. He has since been living without any security in Noida.The government has decided that 'Z' category security would continue to be provided to Brar by Army commandos. Army soldiers would also guard seven other Army officers, who live in various Army cantonment areas.The committee also streamlined the mechanism for providing security to Brar and other officers whenever they travel out of their place of stay. Steps are being taken to ensure that all stakeholders are informed in advance about their travel plans.The action came after it was found that there was a communication gap between the defence establishment and the home ministry in sharing information on Brar's travel plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16775884", "title": "NMC-NGO wrangling kills stray dog", "text": "NAGPUR: Internal wrangling between NMC officials and an NGO apparently cost the life of a stray dog in city on Thursday. The incident also raised questions about how petty could NMC officials get in settling personal scores.The stray dog at Utthan Nagar on Gorewada road could have been saved if the hospital-cum-ambulance had reached on time. People for Animals (PFA), a NGO entrusted with job of treating stray animals, alleged NMC officials intentionally did not allow the ambulance to settle scores with them. The ambulance was launched in April 2011 in association with PFA.On Thursday morning, an animal rights activist Amit Santra spotted an ailing dog. He informed the NMC's health department but they failed to depute anyone. Santra then informed PFA secretary Karishma Galani, who received another call about an injured dog at Zingabai Takli.As per normal procedure, Galani told van driver Rupesh to reach both the spots. When the vehicle did not turn up till 10 am, she again called Rupesh who informed her that assistant workshop inspector V S Mankar had prevented him from taking the ambulance out from the workshop. \"Mankar advised him to keep it parked at workshop on Great Nag Road for four days and also asked the driver to switch off his mobile phone,\" she claimed.An upset Galani then approached civic chief Shyam Wardhane. In a memorandum to Wardhane, she demanded an inquiry against the officer responsible for death of animal. \"The dog at Utthan Nagar could have been saved if ambulance had reached on time. The insensitivity of NMC official led to the death of the stray dog,\" alleged Galani. The ambulance could proceed only after intervention of municipal commissioner.Mankar, however, denied Galani's charges and said the ambulance reached late due to unavailability of driver. Deputy director (health) NMC Milind Ganvir said he was not aware of the issue.Galani said PFA often received phone calls from animal lovers and NGOs seeking help for treatment of injured or sick animals. On many occasions, people who have pets also call for vehicles to take injured or ill animals to veterinary hospitals. \"Non-cooperation from the civic body had resulted in it not serving the purpose,\" she alleged. She also charged that officials of health department were creating hurdles for them owing to ulterior motives.Around 80,000 stray dogs and over 9,000 cattle exist in the city. Animal lovers here expressed displeasure over the NMC's lackadaisical attitude towards the stray animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775596", "title": "Nullah residents protest JDA notices", "text": "JAIPUR: Issuing notices to the house owners whose dwellings are in the catchment area of the Amanishah Nullah has become a challenge for the civic bodies' officials. Amid the ongoing protest the civic bodies continued to serve notices to the owners on Thursday. However, the work was hampered after the protests intensified.On Thursday, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) officials started the work of serving notices three hours late looking at the protests. Then too, the officials were not able to complete their work and returned as hundreds of residents gheraoed the officials. A JMC official said, \"We started issuing notices between Sushilpura and Hassanpura area. After issuing 117 notices the team returned as the residents intensified their protest.\" A team of Sodala police station was also called to maintain law and order in the area.The JMC chief executive officer, Jagroop Yadav, also had to face protest during his inspection. The CEO directed the officials to issue notices under all circumstances.However, official sources claimed that their task is becoming difficult as the residents have become aggressive. Even on Wednesday the officials had to come back leaving the process incomplete after facing protests by the residents. Many encroachers refused to take the notices. One of the house owners tore the notice.Meanwhile, JDA on Thursday issued 103 notices to the encroachers in its periphery. However, the protestors did not allow the officials to put up a hoarding of 'contempt of court'. An official source said, \"We have decided to install the hoarding in the catchment area of the nullah. On Thursday, we planned to start from Aatish Nagar area, however, due to the ongoing protest it was not possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16775900", "title": "300 Greater Noida industrial plots face cancellation of allotment", "text": "NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority has begun issuing cancellation notices to over 300 allottees of plots in industrial sectors. The list includes those allottees that have not set up functional units despite several years after taking possession of plots, apart from those who have defaulted upon entering into lease deeds with the Authority after allotments.The notices were issued by the Authority after an examination of the status of development work in the 2,254 industrial plots allotted in Greater Noida. \"We took this step as the basic focus of the Authority is on industrial development. The onus to ensure that industrial units begin operations within the time periods prescribed on the lease deeds lies completely on the allottees,\" said an Authority official.On Wednesday, a team of Authority officials conducted a field visit to various industrial sectors where allottees have maintained it on papers that development and construction work is in progress on plots allotted to them. \"However, site visits revealed that on several plots construction work is yet to commence. Industries are yet to function despite clauses under the lease deeds making it mandatory upon allottees to begin operations within a period of five years of the signing of their respective agreements,\" added the official.Apart from those who have failed to begin operations of industries on plots, the list of over 300 allottees also includes several who have not entered into lease agreements with the state government after being allotted plots. \"A fresh scheme for allotment of industrial plots would be floated following cancellation of the those on the list,\" said the official.The list also includes several allottees who have defaulted on payment of instalments to the Authority after entering into lease deeds.In the last week of September, similar cancellation notices had also been issued by the Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation to allottees of around 200 industrial plots in sites B, C, 4 and 5 in Surajpur-Kasna area of Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16776722", "title": "Anti-pollution committee to approach SC to shift Vellalore dump yard", "text": "COIMBATORE: In the latest development in the ongoing controversy over the shifting of the corporation's dump yard from Vellalore, the Kurichi-Vellalore pollution prevention committee has decided to approach the Supreme Court to exert pressure on the city corporation to shift the dump yard out of Vellalore. The pollution committee members are now searching for legal options and are likely to officially file a petition in the coming days.\"We are trying to take the legal battle to the next level by approaching the Supreme Court with our plea. We have been fighting for the dump yard to be shifted for almost a decade and we will not give up till the corporation concedes to our request,\" said KS Mohan, Secretary, Kurichi-Vellalore Pollution Prevention Committee.A major fire broke out in the sanitary land fill at the Vellalore dump yard on Saturday afternoon triggering a fresh wave of vociferous protests demanding the city corporation to shift the dump yard at the earliest. The pollution prevention committee had earlier filed a petition before the Madras high court. In 2006, the court had directed the civic body and PCB officials to hear the petitioner before proceeding with the various components of the solid waste management project in the Vellalore yard.\" We have been following the matter through proper legal channels. Unlike the comments made by certain vested interests, the pollution prevention committee has not given up the cause,\" Mohan added.However, some residents claimed that they are being isolated and left to their fate by politicians and pollution prevention committee members. They claimed that even after 10 years of protests there has been no move from the corporation or other authorities to hear their plea. They also slammed politicians for using the dump yard as bait to get votes during the local body and assembly elections in the state.\"It is unfortunate that the city mayor, corporation officials and other prominent people did not even turn up in the affected localities. On the other hand, when they are canvassing for votes, they listen to us patiently and make empty promises,\" said A Ganeshan, a resident of Konavaikkalpalayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774591", "title": "Activists slam govt's golf meet for CoP delegates", "text": "HYDERABAD: A pitched demand for boycott of the golf tournament exclusively organised for CoP-11 delegates at the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA)'s elite club was made by local activists on the sidelines of the ongoing international biodiversity meet on Thursday. The tournament which is being supported by the state tourism department is slated for October 13-14. Activists said that the event, if held, would defeat the purpose of the international biodiversity conference currently underway in the city and its message of conservation of environment and biodiversity.Speaking to this newspaper, social activist M Mandal, said, \"The state government is backing the tournament at HGC to the hilt, promoting it as a government project to cover up its impropriety. This tourney would damage the government's image regarding conservation for promoting a project which is patently destructive of environment and heritage.\" He stated that the golf course would be \"a wrong exhibit for CoP-11 delegates in the context of the spirit of conservation underlying the conference\".\"The elite club has come up at the cost of ecological degradation. The existence of three water bodies has been threatened. The tournament will be in direct opposition to what we are meeting here for,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder-convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (SOUL) which had organised Thursday's meet. That the club has also destroyed the city's heritage (Naya Qila) was a violation highlighted by the group.The group also used the international forum to emphasize the dying story of Hyderabad's lakes. The three prominent water bodies that were showcased were Hussainsagar, Banjara lake and Patel Cheruvu. Talking about Hussainsagar, once the primary drinking water source for the city, the group pointed out how it had over the years been turned into a commercial hub and how the Japan-funded sewerage treatment project at the lake had done more damage than good to the water body. Despite being the only lake to have been 'adopted' by the ministry of environment and forests (India), the Banjara lake too lies in neglect, activists said. They blamed local authorities for having turned the lake into a garbage dump yard and for leaving municipal work (laying of pipelines to drain away the sewage) undone for years. This, even as over Rs 2 crore has been pumped into the project so far.\"It is unfortunate because this is all being done through official sanction. Right from High Court orders to orders issued by police, all are being violated blatantly,\" Jairath highlighted.The plight of water bodies in Old City, too, were highlighted in the meet. Activists working in that area pointed out how the Miralam basin, which originally was a network of 21 lakes, is now left with just about a dozen water bodies. \"So is the case with the Umda Sagar basin that had 30 lakes. Most of them have fallen prey to illegal encroachments,\" said SQ Masood, a member of the group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777207", "title": "Election Commission stops circulation of Gujarat magazine", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state election commission has seized copies of 'Gujarat' magazine - the official mouthpiece of the state government. These magazines were sent for circulation among public gathered at the valedictory function of the Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra in Pavagadh meeting on Thursday.State EC officials said that the copies of the magazine were also seized from Gandhinagar and Amreli. In all, about 1.5 lakh copies of the magazine were seized by the election commission.Sources said that the magazine not only highlights the various schemes of the state government but also has photographs of the Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra which ended in Pavagadh.Sources in the office of the Chief Election officer, Gujarat said that the books were published before the election, but once the election code of conduct was implemented from October 3, the state information department should have stopped circulating the same among the public.\"Since the magazine has photos of Modi and even the right up givinginformation of the achievements of the government and chief minister Narendra Modi , it cannot be distributed among the public,\" said the officer.Senior officers said that it amounts to violation of the code of conduct since it was government material highlighting achievements of the government and were being distributed after the elections were declared.Officials in the Amreli Collectorate said that they had received instructions from the CEO's office and hence all the magazines were seized by J B Bariya who is the officer incharge of Amreli assembly constituency.Magazine still available on net:The state election commission may have stopped the circulation of the magazine, but the magazine is still available on the website of the Gujarat Information department. One can easily download the same. The 52 page magazine has chief minister waving to the crowd on the front page and then the magazine talks of Modi and his achievements. Modi's photographs are published on almost each page and the last page has a full page on Modi's achievements as he completed 4000 days in office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16777049", "title": "National workshop on innovations planned", "text": "MYSORE: To promote and encourage innovations, the US-AID , Technology Development Board and Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry (FICCI) will conduct Millennium Alliance (MA) innovation workshops across country.Through the workshops, MA will spread awareness about the scheme and its benefits to innovators. The workshops are expected to connect with innovators directly or indirectly through their business associates, friends and well-wishers. Based on the stage of innovation, it will fund between $50,000 and $7,50,000 to select innovations.The workshop planned in Mysore will give an outlook of innovations. \"Mysore has always excelled in innovation, and it has proved successful in olden days itself,\" says Shivasharan of Millennium Alliance. Any unique innovation in any field is acceptable and will be awarded.Over 100 people have enrolled for the seminar and they include NGOs, bankers, entrepreneurs, heads of colleges and students.Every city has unique innovations, he said, quoting an example from Gujarat, where a person has invented 'mitti cool' (a low-cost fridge designed using mud). \"We are focussing more on innovation from industries, rather than students. FICCI and Technology Development Board will fund the best innovation for further development,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16774760", "title": "Chaos and fleecing of commuters mark Day 1 of auto, taxi fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: The word 'chaos' summed up the first day of the auto-taxi fare hike on Thursday. There were several complaints of drivers fleecing commuters as a large section remained confused about the fares. Refusals and meter-tampering continued despite commuters paying up to 40% higher fares for autos and 17% for taxis.What's more, though the countdown for the 45-day deadline has begun, not a single auto or taxi went in for recalibrating mechanical or electronic meters on Thursday.The traffic police got 35 complaints of refusals to ply. Of these, 30 were received by email and five by phone, officials said.Upset with the hike, several switched to BEST buses. Many even chose to walk.Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande said, \"I took a test ride, in the morning, in an auto fitted with an e-meter whose basic reading was still Rs 11. I travelled 3.2km. The equivalent fare in the new meter should be Rs 32. But the meter, which was not recalibrated, showed an inflated reading of Rs 26 for which the corresponding reading in the tariff card was Rs 36. He was charging me Rs 4 extra.\"Several readers called up TOI to complain about drivers charging excess and night fares. In one case, the driver demanded Rs 16 for 1.6km when the base fare has been set at Rs 15, said Saurav Rane, an office-goer.Senior citizen T R Bhomick said the hefty hike was unwarranted as there was no recent increase in CNG prices.Many quarrels between passenges and drivers were reported over tariff and meters. Activist Aftab Siddique said, \"I came across drivers without uniforms, badges, autos in pathetic running condition and rampant refusals outside Bandra and Khar stations. Is this the service for which you are paying a premium to drivers?\" She said the fares were too expensive. \"I usually pay Rs 33 for 4.6km daily. Today I paid Rs 45.\"Activist A V Shenoy said there will be an initial rush on BEST feeder routes, but commuters will eventually return to autos and taxis.There were a few complaints of fake tariff cards. RTO officials said complaints should be lodged with traffic police who, in turn, will register an FIR and book drivers for cheating (Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code).Taxi union leader A L Quadros said there was an acute shortage of e-meter chips in the market. \"We have requested the transport commissioner to extend the deadline to December end.\" Sources said actual recalibration may begin from Monday.Auto union leader Shashank Rao said the transport department is yet to formally issue directives to unions over recalibration. \"They have simply set it as November 25. I doubt whether there is adequate infrastructure.\" He alleged that there will be black-marketing of e-chips.(Inputs by Nitasha Natu)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "daspur", "code": "16776038", "title": "Cops dig up 27 rifles in Salboni forest", "text": "DASPUR: Police on Thursday dug out 27 rifles, allegedly hidden by CPM workers, from a pit in Salboni's Daspur forest. The recovery comes days after joint forces recovered a large cache of ammunition from the Jhitka forest in Lalgarh.West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said police were tipped off that CPM harmad Jagadish Mahato had returned home at Gadra village. After being picked up on Thursday, Mahato informed police that arms lay buried in a pit inside the Daspur forest. Mahato told police that he stayed at the party's armed camp in Rameshwarpur from 2010 till the 2011 polls, the SP added.CPM's district secretary Dipak Sarkar said, \"The police and Trinamool are making false allegations against us.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775224", "title": "Awakening the leader in you", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's an opportunity to awaken the leader in you as well as to meet other leaders. The Times Foundation, in collaboration with Pachamama Alliance, will hold a symposium: Awakening the Leader in You, here on Saturday.Jon Symes will conduct the event to support the emergence of a coalition of leaders in the country - with the vision, resources, connections and constituencies to create a critical mass of citizens who are awake and in action for an environmentally sustainable, spiritually fulfilling and socially just future.The symposium to build the critical mass in India has been designed through a collaboration of a global community of scientific, spiritual, indigenous/tribal and activist hearts and minds. Using Open Space group facilitation, participants will be involved with dynamic group interactions, leading edge information and inspiring multimedia.The event will be held from 5pm to 9pm at The Times of India building on MG Road. For details, call 022-32233587.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "16775796", "title": "Time bomb found on bus, Class XII student held", "text": "JALPAIGURI: A bomb weighing 2 kg with a timer fixed was recovered on Wednesday night from a packed private bus on the Bengal-Assam border in Jalpaiguri. Police have detained a Class XII student under whose seat it was found.Acting on a tip-off, Jalpaiguri Police team, along with bomb squad personnel and sniffer dogs, intercepted the bus on a bridge across the Gadadhar river on NH-31C. Sniffer dogs led police to a bag under a seat. However, no passenger claimed ownership of it. On opening the bag, a time bomb was found in it, though the timer was not set. Cops suspect the bomb was being carried to be exploded during the pujas.Rinku Das, a Class XII student, was detained after he was identified as the passenger occupying the seat under which the bomb was found. He told police that he went to Jaigaon for personal work and was returning to his home in Santalaguri near Raidak.Alipurduar ASP Akash Maghoria said: \"It is too early to say whether any militant outfit was transporting the bomb. We have stated an investigation but can't take chances just before the festive season. If militants are behind it, they perhaps wanted to explode it during the festivities as the bomb was evidently being transported. Its timer wanot set.\"Alipurduar police station informed Jaigaon police station in Jalpaiguri on Wednesday evening. But by then the bus had already left Jaigaon bus stand. Jaigaon police station then informed Samuktala police station - that lies between Jaigaon and Raidak - which sent a team with bomb squad personnel and sniffer dogs to intercept the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775329", "title": "CM Prithviraj Chavan cracks whip on errant developers", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has decided to take action against developers involved in over 100 redevelopment projects in the city. CM Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday said strict action would be initiated against developers who failed to undertake redevelopment projects within stipulated time on Mhada land.While Chavan said that the nature of the action was being decided, senior officials said it could be in the form of revocation of redevelopment permissions. Referring to a decision on granting additional FSI for the redevelopment of old Mhada buildings by levying a premium, Chavan said it was not in line with the basic principle behind sanctioning the additional FSI.In 2008, the state urban development (UDD) department approved a proposal to grant an FSI of 2.5 for such projects. The additional FSI could be availed either by paying a premium for the increased portion of the FSI or by sharing the built-up portion of the surplus FSI (FSI remaining after deducting the rehab portion and the developer's incentive for rehab) in a 2:1 ratio between Mhada and the developer.Understandably, the premium option got maximum hits. In fact, out of 530 projects approved, 511 were under the premium option. \"The main idea behind the FSI hike was to improve quality of housing for tenants and generate affordable housing stock from the surplus FSI. This was lost by offering the premium option,\" Chavan said. He added that the move was either taken without any ideological basis or was driven by vested interests.Sources said that an exercise to find out who was responsible for the introduction of the option was ongoing. While the UDD claims that the original Mhada resolution for the FSI grant contained the premium option, housing department sources claim it was introduced at the UDD level. Chavan said work was yet to begin in about 30% of the 511 projects approved under the premium option and said action would be initiated in such cases. The government discontinued the premium option in September 2010.On Thursday, Chavan held a meeting of elected representatives to discuss the Mhada redevelopment issue. Following the meeting, sources said the state could alter the redevelopment model. While continuing to insist on built-up share, it is considering the option of either linking it with the market value of the area or reduce its share. It has plans to specify a cap on the rehabilitation area to weed out the practice where developers lure tenants by promising unjustified areas. Chavan said a decision in this regard was \"long overdue\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777478", "title": "Parental control must to keep kids focused", "text": "PATNA: A large number of kids in the city seem to be a distracted lot. Mobile phone, access to Internet, motorbikes and flair for fashion has sidetracked them from studies as well as sports. Children prefer being a couch potato rather than indulging in physical activity, or spend their time browsing social networking sites instead of using the Internet for academic purposes, a reason they give to their parents while asking them to get Internet connections at home.They have accounts on social networking sites even if they're underage. They fall in \"love\" every other week and fall out of it even faster. Fr Peter Arokiasamy, principal, St Michael's High School, said, \"It is true that children are distracted these days. Mobile phones are banned in schools and yet children bring them. But if I seize a cellphone, I do not give it back to the students.\"Upasana Singh, head, department of education, Patna Women's College (PWC), said, \"Children have a lot of exposure today. However, after so much progress, we can't expect them to be like us when we were their age.\" She added, \"Their mental growth is still in process and so it is our responsibility to keep a check on them. Accessing Internet is not bad, but parents and teachers should keep an eye on their activities.\"Varsha Singh, a counsellor, believes society is to blame for children growing up ahead of their age. She explained, \"With both parents working these days, they feel mobile phones will help them keep a track on their children.\" She added, \"In Patna, we don't have many alternatives where children can go out to play, so parents feel that keeping them home is safer and provide them with video games or Internet to keep them home.\"It is said that a child's mind is like soft clay and their future depends on how parents and teachers mould it. Sunita Prakash, a textile designer whose daughter Satakshi studies in Class 12 in Notre Dame Academy, said, \"If parents exercise some checks on their children, unwanted situations might not arise. For example, parents can fix the number of hours children watch television or surf the Internet. Parents should encourage them to participate in sports as it channels their energy in a positive way.\"Another reason children are growing up ahead of their age is that new technologies are within their reach. Shweta Jha, a high schoolteacher in Don Bosco academy (DBA), said, \"With new technologies coming up, children sometimes know more than teachers. Children are very distracted these days but teachers cannot do much about it as our hands are bound by various laws.\"Children often seek a sense of belonging, which makes them susceptible to peer pressure. At times, it can lead to experimentation with drugs, alcohol, sex or other high-risk behaviour, and also make them skip school. Varsha remarked, \"Parents should try to turn peer pressure to their advantage. Like, if a child asks for a cellphone trying to imitate one of his friends , parents can point out to another classmate who is doing well in studies and say that if he or she also does well in studies, they will be rewarded with a mobile phone.\"Increasing fashion consciousness among children can also be observed these days. Said Neha Roy, a homemaker, \"I was a little shocked when my daughter, 14, started throwing tantrums after I refused to buy her an expensive pair of shoes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16780388", "title": "Aamir Khan recreates Hotel Lido for Talaash event", "text": "All junior artists who have worked in the film will be called to be in the backdrop and create a realistic ambience of Hotel Lido for the event.Aamir Khan is known to be the perfectionist and always likes to do things differently. Like we all know, promotional events of any movie plays a significant role in creating buzz around the film. And who better than Aamir Khan when it comes to planning innovative promotions for his film!This time, on the music launch for his film Talaash , the entire event venue will look like Hotel Lido which is an important character in the film. For this purpose, going one step further, even the extras who have shot for the film have been contacted to be present at the music launch. The entire purpose is to get authenticity to the venue. The idea is to look real.\"The junior artists who have acted in the film by being in the backdrop of Hotel Lido scenes have been contacted. The idea is to create the exact feeling of Hotel Lido at the launch of the music in order to get the feel of this hotel at the launch. Each of the junior artists is being called, so that they can add to the ambiance of the music launch and thereby develop the precise feeling of Hotel Lido\", says a source associated with the film.By creating this ambience, the audience will very well be able to relate to the movie. The makers of the film are making sure that all their marketing strategies are unique.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16776166", "title": "'Painting' TV Durga with bits torn off newspaper", "text": "KOLKATA: An Odissi danseuse enacts, nay, recreates the Devi. She not only assumes the stance of Mahishasur Mardini, she breathes the spirit of the demon slayer. Suspend disbelief and you can see the goddess! Besides, this is the reigning image in the Mahalaya on TV. That's why Tapan Saha 'paints' it with bits of newsprint torn off The Times of India.However, when we say, \"see the goddess\" - 'thakur dekha' - Tapan hides a wry smile. \"Why can't we see the god-dess in all the women who are living Durgas of today?\" he asks. He goes on to answer, with more Durgas in flesh and blood: Santhal women from Bolpur, Oraon from Jharkhand. A coquettish seductress, perhaps a sex worker...This last one comes from Kumortuli idolmakers' practice of using a handful of clay from the courtyard of these women of the night. The tribals? They live closest to the soil, and Mrinmayi - 'made of the soil' is another way of describing Durga.But more importantly, \"the idol we worship is a human interpretation of Durga.\" We imagine her as a Bengali homemaker who's come from her husband's home in the Himalayas to visit her parents, with her brood - Ganesh, Lakshmi, Saraswati and Kartik. \"If we can see the goddess as a human, why can't we see the goddess in humans?\" His next in the series, then, is a middle-class woman who could be anybody's 'maa'.Looking at Pujas as 'sarbojanin utsav' - everyman's celebration - triggers another train of thought in the artist who exhibited at the Academy of Fine Arts this week. \"Durgotsav today is the bulwark of our economy - the market is driven by festivities surrounding the goddess. But if we can spend hundreds of lakhs on a clay image, why can't we do so on humans instead?\"Durga isn't his only subject: an abandoned room, a lantern dispersing more darkness than light, pigeons pecking grain off the ground, Buddha.. Tapan Saha has depicted all, without touching paint or camera. His 'pigment' comes from newsprint - \"it has a texture that blends perfectly.\" So the youth from Chandannagar 'paints' with coloured bits off Screen, Sunday Review, or morning supplementaries. They offer \"good thickness\" which is important for Tapan who occsionally glues even printed scraps where the alphabets act as tone.The deftness of the artist trained at the College of Visual Art shows in the fact that it's impossible to tell the innumer-able joints that create tonal variation in each 'canvas'. One difficulty of collage is hard to get over, though: Tapan starts by drawing the full picture \"but as I start pasting, the lines get lost.\" His inner eye is all he can rely on then.What is his driving force? A sense of challenge. \"I'm constantly challenged by myself,\" says Tapan. Anyone can use oil paints or acrylic to recreate the tonal variation that goes to make a peacock feather, or a lotus pond. How many can do so with strips of paper?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16777246", "title": "Karnataka\u2019s 14th diocese inauguration on October 15", "text": "MANGALORE: The inauguration of the new diocese of Udupi, the 14th in the state on October 15, is expected to be attended by more than 15,000 people including high profile dignitaries from the coastal region and also from other parts of the country and abroad. This will be the 166th diocese in the country.Preparations are in full swing for the much-awaited event to be held at the Milagres Kallianpur open grounds. Rev Dr Jerald Isaac Lobo, Bishop of Shimoga diocese, has already been appointed as the first bishop of the new diocese by Pope Benedict XVI .The new diocese of Udupi comprises 48 parishes from Karkala, Shirva, Udupi, Kallianpur and Kundapur deaneries.The grand celebration will begin with a short reception at 2pm at Kallianpur-Santhekatte main junction and will proceed towards Milagres grounds where the Eucharistic celebration will begin. Apostolic Nuncio in India Dr Salvotore Pennacchio will be the principal prelate along with Dr Gerald Isaac Lobo as the main celebrant of the service.Sri Sugunendrateertha Swamiji of Puthige Math will be the guest of honour, along with Archbishop of Bangalore Bernard Moras, Rajya Sabha MP Oscar Fernandes, Muzrai and Udupi district in-charge minister Kota Srinivas Poojary, Udupi-Chikmagalur MP Jayaprakash Hegde, Udupi MLA Raghupati Bhat, Udupi deputy commissioner MT Reju, KMDC chairman Aboobakkar NB and Kallianpur ZP president Sunetha S Poojary will be the other guests. The new diocese of Udupi will include three taluks of Udupi, Kundapur and Karkala and will be a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Bangalore. The Church of Our Lady of Miracles will be the Church-Cathedral of the newly-erected diocese.History of Mangalore dioceseEarlier Udupi was under the Mangalore diocese, which comprised of the districts of Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Kasargod. Since the beginning of the 16th century, Mangalore which formed a part of Kanara, was successively under the jurisdiction of Goa, Verapoly and Pondicherry. On September 27, 1879, Kanara was entrusted by the Holy See to the care of the Jesuit Province of Venice.With the official proclamation of the establishment of the Indian hierarchy in a Council of the Bishops of Southern India at Bangalore on January 25, 1887, Mangalore, including the present diocese of Calicut, took its place in the Indian hierarchy as the diocese of Mangalore. By an Apostolic Brief \"Cum Auctus Fidelium Grex\" on June 22, 1923, the diocese of Mangalore was divided by separating from it the district of Malabar which forms the present diocese of Calicut.With this division, the restricted diocese of Mangalore was entrusted to its own clergy. By a decree of the Sacred Congregation for Propaganda Fide dated January 12, 1960, the Hosdurg taluk was detached from this diocese and was attached to the diocese of Calicut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776358", "title": "Warrier\u2019s mission is to conserve old temple murals", "text": "KOCHI: Mural paintings belonging to the 18th and 19th century adorn the walls of the Durbar Hall art gallery.It feels like one has stepped back in time and the paintings breathe life into old classical tales. Artist K K Warrier has worked tirelessly to collect old paintings from temples to preserve heritage art.\"Often, mural paintings are destroyed when old buildings are renovated and not many people know that there is a way to preserve them,\" says Warrier, who accidently got this idea while restoring a mural painting of Guruvayur temple in 1972. Warrier and his son Sasikumar salvaged four paintings using this method. Warrier has been collecting mural painting from 1986 and he claims that he uses a proven method to restore them.\"Mural paintings of the Subrahmanya Swamy temple in Pariyaram could be as old as the Ajantha murals, but only 25% of them are still intact,\" he says.The paintings exhibited are taken mainly from Guruvayur temple, Angadippuram Thirumandhamkunnu temple, Kannur Karivelloor Puthur Siva temple, Alathiyoor Hanuman Perumthrikkovil, Thaikkattusery Vamanamoorthy temple in Thrissur and Pallathamkulangara Siva temple in Kuzhuppilly, Vypeen.The unique aspect of this exhibition is that all 98 mural paintings were collected from different parts of the state. The exhibition will conclude on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776558", "title": "Iffi 2012: 'Film village' to make appearance at this year's edition too", "text": "PANAJI: With the 43rd International Film Festival of India (Iffi) approaching, the Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) will open bookings on October 13 for accommodation in the 'film village.The 35-tent village at Campal will enable students and delegates coming for the festival to stay in close vicinity of the festival venues from November 19 till December 1.Iffi 2012 will be held from November 20-30.The film village had been conceptualised by the ESG in association with the Sports Authority of Goa as a special initiative for students and delegates seeking accommodation for IFFI 2010. Since it was a success, it was continued for Iffi 2011 as well.\"The village specially offers a new vision of accommodation and a rich public experience, by weaving together the natural ecology, local culture, urban context and a backdrop paradigm of healthy living - a unique experience for the low budget IFFI delegate,\" stated an official from the ESG.It will be located at the SAG ground in Campal along the banks of the River Mandovi and will have the capacity to accommodate 280 persons. The area will be barricaded and given 24-hour security.The tents will include a mattress, bed sheet, bed cover, pillow and a pedestal fan.Each tent will accommodate around eight persons. There will be separate tents for men and women. Lockers will also be provided for safekeeping of valuable items of the delegates.Free transport will also be provided from the film village to the festival venues.Delegates can avail of other meals from the canteen, as well as carrom and chess equipment at nominal rates from the SAG.Toilet and bathroom facilities for gents and ladies will also be provided separately in the complex.The fees for utilizing the village are 300 per day with breakfast included.Bookings for the same can be done online too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779756", "title": "Mickey Singh, Amar Sandhu in Birthday Cake", "text": "With the goal and ambition of bringing a new sound to the South Asian scene vocalist Amar Sandhu from America is back again. After his huge success with 'Morni 2012' produced by Epic Bhangra he is back with a rendition of Rihanna and Chris Brown's hit song 'Birthday Cake Remix'.This rendition features strong Punjabi vocals and lyrics sung by USA new comers Amar Sandhu and Mickey Singh. These 2 collaborate with their uncanny voices to make one of the biggest Punjabi hip hop remakes since Manak-e's Hor Glassy .Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775798", "title": "Govt reduces projects' limit of civic bodies", "text": "LUCKNOW: The department of urban development on Thursday issued a government order that restricted municipal corporations from executing drainage works only up to Rs 50 crore. Beyond that the works will be conducted by the Construction and design services (C&DS;) wing of UP Jal Nigam headed by urban development minister Azam Khan.Sources said that the state government had been contemplating to reduce the limit further to Rs 5 lakh. However, the municipal administration from many cities came up with representation urging the department to raise the limit. In many cities like Lucknow the municipal corporation was already getting drainage project worth over Rs 370 crore executed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). \"There remained no logic to reduce the project limit to such low levels,\" said a senior official in the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC).Sources said that the limit applied to the funds granted under the thirteenth finance commission (TFC) where in the state government sought to put a check in release of funds to the municipal corporations. The GO also restricted the limit for nagar palika parishad and nagar panchayats to Rs 25 lakh and Rs 5 lakh respectively as far as drainage works were concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16776434", "title": "Romney camp wants India to shun Iran oil", "text": "Highly critical of Obama administration's decision to exempt India and China from sanctions on Iranian oil imports, a senior defence advisor to Romney campaign on Thursday said that New Delhi should not buy even an ounce of oil from Iran. \"India is a good friend. It's an ally. We understand that India has a long relationship with Iran. But if India is still importing oil, it should stop,\" Dr Dov Zakheim, said. \"At the end of the day, it's not in India's interest for Iran to get nuclear weapon, even to think of getting a nuclear weapon, because all that would do is to get the Pakistanis, who do not like the Iranians as you know, build even more nuclear weapons,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16777818", "title": "Protesters threaten siege", "text": "TRICHY: The Cauvery Rights Retrieval Council plans to lay siege to central government offices in the delta districts with a charter of demands including withholding of power to Karnataka from Neyveli Lignite Corporation Limited.P Maniarasan, general secretary, Tamil Desa Podhuvudamai Katchi, and co-ordinator for the Council, told TOI that Karnataka receives one crore units of electricity daily from Neyveli, which the Centre must immediately stop. Criticising the Prime Minister for not invoking the relevant articles of the Constitution\", Maniarasan demanded that \"the Prime Minister should at least invoke Article 355 and write a letter to Karnataka seeking clarification why the State was not respecting the decrees of the Cauvery River Authority that functioned directly under him\". If the State (Karnataka) did not come out with a plausible reply, the PM must invoke Article 356 that is used whenever there was near Constitutional breakdown, Maniarasan said.About 300 activists of Left-leaning organizations had courted arrest on Wednesday protesting the distribution of power from Neyveli to Karnataka. The protestors said the Centre had no right to process crude from the Cauvery basin at the Narimanam refinery since it was not able to provide water from the Cauvery. He said the interim award to give Tamil Nadu 205 tmc of water every year was published in the gazette as early as December 1991, and the award was not yet implemented even once.These points would be highlighted when Council activists protest in front of the Central government offices in the delta on October 22. A lakh telegrams would also be sent to the Prime Minister, he said. We will also create awareness to persuade the people to boycott Karnataka products like tobacco in Tamil Nadu and we will insist that the Centre embargo distribution of Karnataka products in Tamil Nadu. According to Maniarasan, even if Karnataka were to release 8.75 tmc of water for 16 days from October 16 to 31, it would have released 7,000 cusecs a second, which was 2,000 cusecs below the Cauvery River Authority's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775088", "title": "4 fall off packed Central Railway Mumbai local, 2 killed", "text": "MUMBAI: Two commuters lost their lives and two others were seriously injured after they fell off a Central Railway local, which was packed beyond capacity, during morning peak hours on Thursday. A fifth commuter fell inside the coach, sustaining a thigh injury.Pressure from commuters standing inside the coach is likely to have resulted in the victims, travelling on the footboard in the same compartment, being pushed out, said Government Railway Police officials. They are probing if there was a fight.The incident took place around 8.40am between Sion and Matunga stations. The CST-bound local had started from Kalyan and the deceased, Satish Merawala and Kedar Yadav, boarded a general coach at Sion. Satish, a 16-year-old Class X student, was on his way to appear for the SSC repeaters' exam. Police found a hall ticket in his bag. The other victim was Kedar, 28, a mason from Sion-Koliwada. Officials feel the duo couldn't enter the coach and were hanging at the door.The first to fall off, Uday Sharma, a 31-year-old security guard, was ironically one of the first to have boarded the train at Kalyan. As the train was moving towards Matunga, Sharma fell and sustained injuries to his pelvic and groin area, and internally to his intestines. Seconds later, electrician Zia Rasool Ansari, 26, who had boarded at Mumbra, fell along with Merawala and Kedar around 25 to 30 metres from Sharma. All three sustained severe head injuries. Additionally, Kedar fractured his ribs and Ansari his left thigh.Meanwhile, a fifth commuter, Kanhaiya Yadav, 26, suffered a thigh injury after he fell back inside the compartment. Kanhaiya called up his brother and went to the emergency medical room on Dadar platform 6, where he was administered first-aid. He then got himself admitted to a private hospital. The GRP are waiting to record Kanhaiya's statement as he would be able to recount the sequence of events leading to the fall.Cops informed the families of all the victims after going through their belongings and documents. DRM (CR) M Nigam and other CR officials visited the accident site as well as Sion Hospital to enquire about the line of treatment. \"Overcrowding was exceptionally high on Thursday as there were school, college and professional exams scheduled,\" said a CR official.PAST CASUALTIES OF OVERCROWDINGJuly 2012 | A teenager and a young woman died the day WR motormen's agitation brought trains to a halt for almost four hours. Vineet Gala (16), an SYJC student at St Andrew's College, died after being pushed off a Borivli-bound train at Bandra station at 3.30pm, due to overcrowding. Palghar resident Reena Kulkarni (25), fell into the gap between the platform and overcrowded Flying Ranee at Borivli, which she was trying to board at 7.35pm. The train was overcrowded as WR allowed suburban commuters to travel that day by mail/express trainsApril 2012 | Three people died and 25 others, including three constables, injured when they hit a jutting metal part of a signal pole between Nahur and Mulund stations (in picture). The incident took place on a day when a fire at Kurla, which hit CR's signalling system, crippled services and compartments overcrowdedOct 2011 | Overcrowding in a Virar-Borivli local cost Shabbir Bimala (22) his life and left another injured. Shabbir, a Mira Road resident, boarded the crowded train at 8.35am but lost his balance as it caught speed around 8.40am. Tushar Pataole (26), boarded at Mira Road, fell near the tracks at Dahisar and was injured(With inputs by Manthan K Mehta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776977", "title": "Temples in TN name &amp; shame rent defaulters", "text": "CHENNAI: What warnings and legal action could not achieve has been accomplished by a piece of paper. Rattled by their names and addresses being publicised in notices plastered on temple walls, red-faced tenants, who have defaulted on payment of rent for living in properties belonging to shrines, are queuing up at offices of temple administrators to pay up their arrears.After repeated pleading with tenants to pay up their arrears did not yield any result, the state-run Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department came up with this ingenious idea of publicly displaying notices in temples listing out the names of people who have failed to pay rent for occupying temple property.The action has had a dramatic effect with many defaulters scrambling to pay up arrears. At Mylapore's Kapaleeswarar temple, roughly Rs 1crore of the 12 crore outstanding, has been recovered over two weeks. In Kancheepuram, Rs 15 lakh has been paid up in the last 10 days.As one temple official put it, \"When pleading failed, we adopted the 'stick' approach and it has paid off.\"\"The notices with the names of the defaulters were stuck on temple walls following instructions from the HR&CE; commissioner,\" said a HR&CE; official. As the public read the names of persons occupying the rented premises and their addresses, the defaulters, probably ashamed, started paying up the arrears, the official added.The notice boards have been placed prominently in all the major temples across the state where the defaulter list is long. At the Kapaleeswarar temple in Chennai, a list of 30 to 40 names is on display. \"The total arrears as on date total Rs 12 crore. There are 447 tenants occupying properties owned by the temple. Of this, around 200 tenants pay rents promptly. The persons displayed on the list are defaulters for a long period and a tenant with Rs 3crore arrears tops the list, the official said.\"Despite repeated reminders and pleas by executive officers, the defaulters refused to pay up. We had no option other than making the names public. We also got orders from the commissioner to make public the list of defaulters. We instructed the temples to display the names,\" said a senior HR&CE; officer.The lists include the top 10 defaulters with the amount due. Once a defaulter pays up, the entire arrears or a part, whichever relevant, and the names are removed from the list. The list will remain on the temple premises until the defaulters pay up all the arrears. Once a defaulter pays up, the name is removed and the next defaulter is moved up the list. \"The move is successful as many have come forward to pay their arrears without a murmur or question,\" said an official. The list also helps identify the present tenants. In many cases the temples have records of old tenants and based on the addresses displayed, the current occupants have come forward to change the name and also pay up the arrears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16777442", "title": "PGI to probe staff apathy in AIDS case", "text": "LUDHIANA: After TOI highlighted the plight of a patient who was asked to break her syringe after blood test as she was HIV positive, the institute has started its investigations to probe the alleged apathy shown by the working staff. However, this is not the lone incident of contempt for the positives - right from visiting the clinics to being admitted in the wards it's a troublesome journey for HIV positive patients.One of the admitted patient in the ward said, \"It's not only the OPDs where discrimination is writ large in PGI's HIV clinics and labs, wards also treat us with scorn. The nurses and medical assistants ask for gloves for taking my blood pressure - they do not want to touch us.\" Narrating the harassment faced on a routine basis, Sapna (name changed) said, \"When I was admitted and had cough, even the doctors jumped away as if I had contaminated the air. Moreover, the entire staff speaks impolitely.\"Confirming that the authorities will deal strictly if any patient is handled rudely, official spokesperson of PGI Manju Wadwalkar said, \"The medical superintendent office has started its investigations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777212", "title": "No surprise questions, low turnout on CAT Day 1", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Though the first day of Common Admission Test (CAT) on Thursday was glitch free, it witnessed a low turnout at the two centres in Gujarat. Candidates appeared relaxed, with no surprises being thrown at them this year.LJ Institute of Management Studies in Ahmedabad saw only 25 candidates appear for the first slot on Day 1 of CAT 2012. Mohammed Irfan Chanodwala, who appeared for the test, said, \"There were no surprise elements in the test. It was simple and stuck to the course. The exam was also glitch free and we didn't face any technical difficulty. More students will take the test towards the end of this month and beginning of November.\" The other centre for the test in Gujarat is Kadi Sarva Vishwavidyalaya, Gandhinagar.Prometric, the testing company which conducts computer-based CAT, confirmed that 4,429 candidates across India had registered for CAT on Thursday. The testing will resume on October 13.\"We will continue to stay focused on providing candidates with the best possible experience,\" said Prometric India managing director Soumitra Roy.CAT is the key to getting admission in good business schools of India. Apart from 13 Indian Institutes of Management (IIM), a record 172 management schools will accept CAT 2012 scores. Darshi Soni, who took the test in the first slot, said, \"It was a standard paper and any candidate who was well prepared could score well. Apart from good infrastructure, the coordinators at the centres were quite cooperative, thus ensuring a smooth exam.\"CAT 2012 is being coordinated by IIM Kozhikode. A total of 2,14,068 candidates have registered for the test. The test will be conducted at 61 centres across 36 cities on 21 days between October 11 and November 6.It will be conducted in two sessions. The CAT became a computer-based test in 2009, replacing the conventional pencil and paper method. Since 2011, the exam has also brought down the number of sections from three to two. The first section now contains questions that test students for quantitative ability and data interpretation skills, while the second section evaluates their verbal ability, reading comprehension and logical reasoning.Ajesh Kamania, head, Career Launcher-Ahmedabad, said, \"The paper was balanced and the questions were not tough. Normally, students like to wait and watch for the review of the test on the first day which explains the low turnout.\"Over 7,000 candidates from Gujarat have registered for the large scale entrance test. In 2011, there were three centres in the state and 6,600 candidates had appeared for the test from various cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad/lucknow", "code": "16774539", "title": "Goons shoot at rival gangster in Ghaziabad court", "text": "GHAZIABAD/LUCKNOW: The gang wars of Meerut entered the Ghaziabad court complex on Thursday, when three heavily-armed gangsters sneaked into the premises dressed as lawyers and opened fired at a rival, Udham Singh, who was being produced at a murder trial.Five persons were injured in the firing, including one assailant and Udham, who has 42 criminal cases against him and carried a bounty of Rs 50,000 on his head. Police said Udham was hit twice, once on the cheek. Doctors described his condition as serious but stable.This was the sixth attack on undertrials in the past fortnight in Uttar Pradesh, three of which have taken place inside district court compounds.Police said the assailants \u2014 Yogesh Bhadauria, Parth Pandit, 23, and Sachin Tewatia, 21 \u2014 were members of the Bhadauria gang that has an 18-year-old rivalry with the gang led by Udham. While Yogesh escaped jumping on a car from the first floor, the other two were nabbed by PAC personnel.Udham had been brought to Ghaziabad in an armed police escort from Meerut jail on Thursday morning. Getting off the police van, he headed for the courtroom, accompanied by over half-a-dozen cops. As he reached the main block of the court building, three \"lawyers\" standing by the walkway opened fire at him.Udham dashed towards the court building for cover. The assailants followed him, firing indiscriminately. In the melee, Udham hid inside the court building while the assailants, thinking that they had got their man, gave up the chase.SP (city) S S Yadav said Parth wanted personal revenge, as Udham had killed his uncle two years ago.\"As the three tried to chase Udham, they fired and injured three litigants. PAC constables then shot one of the attackers, Sachin Tewatia, on the waist. He and Pandit surrendered and handed over their weapons to the constables. Yogesh, however, jumped from the first floor, onto a roof of a parked Maruti Swift car and escaped,\" Yadav said.The three injured were indentified as Ranga Yadav, Rishipal Sharma and Rambhul Singh \u2014 all with injuries to the waist and leg.Udham was taken to GTB hospital in Delhi. \"The bullet hit his cheek but we cannot find an exit wound. So the bullet could be inside. It is, however, not lodged in his brain and he is in a stable condition,\" a hospital official said. He was later shifted to RML hospital.Police said seven rounds were fired in all, one by a cop. \"The attackers were carrying five, three of which have been recovered. One was a .315 country-made double-bore pistol. The other two were stolen pistols used by policemen.A senior police official said Udham had killed the then leader of the Bhadauria gang, Pramod, in 2006. Two years later, he also allegedly killed the deputy general manager of Bajaj Sugar Mills, Siddharth Upadhyaya, after a conflict cropped up as to who would get a processing contract.\"Udham believed that Upadhyaya was going to give the contract to the Bhadauria gang. He was appearing in court in a murder case against him lodged in Modinagar in 2006,\" a senior official added.Asked how armed men had entered the court premises, district magistrate Aparna Upadhyaya said, \"The metal detectors at the two entrances did not seem to be functioning.\"Security experts believe attacks on undertrials was fast becoming a trend because the victim remains a sitting duck in such situations. Such attacks also guarantees that the target, being in police custody, would be unarmed.SP Yadav said the assailants were dressed like lawyers in white shirt and black suit which they had bought from Meerut. \"Since Yogesh was worried that Udham Singh might recognize him, he put on a disguise \u2014 fake moustache and beard, spectacles and a cap. They reached the court in Bhadauria's white Santro car, which they parked outside the main gate,\" he said.A senior police personnel said the attackers appeared confident that they had got Udham. When encircled by PAC personnel, they readily handed over their weapons, saying they had done their job and were ready to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16777177", "title": "IT Park development: SC stops land acquisition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Supreme Court on Thursday quashed the notifications issued by UT administration for acquiring land for Phase-III of Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park ( RGCTP). The apex court observed: \"It seems that the officers of Chandigarh administration were overawed by the view expressed by the then administrator and the instinct of self-preservation prompted them not to go against the wishes of the administrator who wanted that additional land be acquired in the name of expansion of IT Park despite the fact that a substantial portion of the land acquired for Phase-II had been allotted to a private developer.\"Coming down heavily on UT's administrative set-up, SC held that land acquisition officer in this case failed to apply his mind because he was a \"minion in the hierarchy of UT administration\" and could not have even thought of making recommendations contrary to the administrator's stand.\"If he had shown the courage of acting independently and made recommendation against the acquisition of land, he would have surely been shifted from that post and his career would have been jeopardized. In the system of governance which we have today, junior officers in the administration cannot even think of, what to say of, acting against the wishes/dictates of their superiors,\" the court observed.Division bench of the SC comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice Sudhanshu Jyoti Mukhopadhaya passed these observations while allowing a bunch of petitions filed by Surinder Singh Brar and others against acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775325", "title": "Man jailed for murder attempt", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a 26-year-old man, who tried to kill his wife by firing at her, to seven years' rigorous imprisonment.Noting that the husband was under \"social and moral obligation\" to look after his wife but turned out to be her \"culprit\", additional sessions judge Anju Bajaj Chandna handed down jail term to Delhi resident Madan Lal, saying he has attempted to murder his wife despite the fact that \"he married her against the wishes of her parents\".The convict has been held guilty for the offence of attempt to murder and for carrying and using illegal weapons under the Arms Act. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16776739", "title": "Gang waylays gold seller, escapes with Rs 4 lakh", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four-member gang waylaid a car at KG Chavadi near Coimbatore early Thursday morning and escaped with a bag containing Rs 4 lakh from a gold ornaments seller who was travelling in the vehicle. The gang fled from the scene in the same car.The incident occurred in busy Coimbatore-Palakkad National Highway when the seller was travelling from Salem to Malappuram in Kerala.According to KG Chavadi police, S Sujeeb, 35, of Malappuram was on his way to Malappuram along with his partner Sadiq in a car after selling 160gm of fold jewellery in Salem on Wednesday. When the car reached near Nandi temple near Navakkarai on the outskirts of the city around 1am on Thursday, a four-member gang interrupted it.One of the gang members damaged right side of the car glass window with an iron rod and asked them to get down from the car. The gang snatched a bag containing Rs 4 lakh from Sujeeb and escaped from the scene in the victim's car. Sujeeb and Sadiq went to KG Chavadi police station by walk and filed a complaint. Immediately, the rural police alerted all the check posts. But the police could not trace the car.Based on Sujeeb's complaints, the police registered a case against four unidentified persons under section 392 (robbery) of Indian Penal Code. Meanwhile, the police received information that a car was found abandoned and completely gutted at Andikadu near Chettipalayam on the outskirts of the city. Immediately, forensic science experts rushed to the spot to check the car engine number. Police claimed that the car engine was also damaged.Police suspect the victims as they gave contradictory statements to them. \"The victims gave contradictory statements to us. We are conducting a detailed probe. We have formed two special teams to nab the culprits,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16779627", "title": "Infosys CFO V Balakrishnan to step down", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys Chief Financial Officer V Balakrishnan will step down from his position on October 31, after six years at the helm of finances of the IT major, to pave the way for younger generation to shape the company.Rajiv Bansal, Vice President (Finance), will take over as CFO from November 1, the city-headquartered Nasdaq-listed firm said in a statement.Balakrishnan will continue as a member of Infosys Board and will be responsible for three key businesses -- Business Process Management (or Infosys BPO), Financials and the India Business Unit.Infosys Executive Co-Chairman S Gopalakrishnan said Balakrishnan is one of the finest CFOs in the country. He has led his team in setting new standards in financial reporting, corporate governance and compliance.\"A top performer, he successfully managed a high quality financial model which has withstood the pressure of the current economic downturn,\" he said.\"Given his belief that younger people should get strategic opportunities to shape this company, he has voluntarily given up his CFO position and instead chosen to focus on Infosys BPO, Financial and the India Business Unit,\" he added.Gopalakrishnan said Bansal has been a very bright 'star' in the Finance Department .Bansal has been with Infosys for 13 years and has been heading the finance function under Balakrishnan, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16776869", "title": "Soudha for development of N-K region: H D Kumaraswamy", "text": "HUBLI: Former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy on Thursday said that the state government should make arrangements to make Suvarna Vidhana Soudha active throughout the year by asking the ministers and officials to work there.The opening of Suvarna Soudha should result in the welfare of the people in the region. The Soudha was not constructed with an aim to develop the region, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16775765", "title": "Sector 15 residents angry with HUDA over defective streetlights", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sector 15 (Part One), are angry with HUDA for not repairing streetlights in their area. Defective and dysfunctional streetlights are leading to thefts in the colony.The residents' welfare association (RWA) has written to the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , about the bad condition of the streetlights in the sector. The RWA is now planning to launch an agitation demanding speedy repair and replacement of the streetlights.The RWA president, R S Raghav, said: \"Over 100 streetlights are not working in the sector and the HUDA officials have been informed of this fact but no action has been taken\". The RWA has given out the exact location of the places where the streetlights are missing or are not functioning. \"Not even a single streetlight is functioning on the stretch between house No. 1 and 38 and there are several such areas which plunge into darkness after sundown,\" said Raghav.The sector is adjoining the toll expressway and has plotted houses. The lack of proper streetlights has become a safety issue for residents. A resident, Kamla Chowdhary, retired IAS officer, said: \"I am aghast at the manner in which the local policemen and HUDA officials deal with the complaint of the residents.\" The colony, she said, had witnessed a series of thefts in the past one month, which is mainly due to dysfunctional streetlights.\"Twice thieves have stolen car wheels in the colony and the local police made no serious attempt to investigate the case,\" said Chowdhary. The residents have also complained that HUDA must keep a ready stock of tubelights and other gadgets like switches meant for the streetlights in the colonies.\"HUDA must provide the gadgets like switches so that the lights can be switched off manually too because there are times when the lights are on even during the day,\" said another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16776703", "title": "Abandoned infant handed over to child care home", "text": "COIMBATORE: The infant boy found abandoned in a well at Kalapatty near Coimbatore four days ago was handed over to a government approved children's home in the city, on Thursday.After undergoing treatment at the Coimbatore Medical and College and Hospital (CMCH), P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer, CMCH, handed the child over to Sharanalayam Sweehar, the only government approved children's home at Kinathukadavu in Coimbatore.On October 7, the infant was found covered in blood with the umbilical cord still intact, inside a sack used to pack cement. He had been abandoned in the well a few hours after he was born. However, he miraculously survived even after spending considerable time inside the 40-feet-deep well. The child was immediately brought to the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital by ambulance and admitted with minor bruises and injuries.Dr Sivaprakasam said the child responded well to treatment and was fit to be handed over to the children's home. Last year, three cases of an abandoned child were reported at the hospital. This year it is the sixth case reported, he said. In the absence of baby cradle scheme in the city, abandoned children are handed over to children's homes approved by the government, he added.Wrapped in a pink cloth, the child weighing 2.8 kg was handed over to L Sumathi, adoption coordinator for Sharanalayam at 11.30am at the hospital. She was accompanied by a nurse.According to Sumathi, the home for children functions as per the guidelines adopted by the Central Adoption Resource Authority. Before handing the child over to the home, all information regarding the child will be registered, including prints taken from the infant's palms and legs.The infant will be looked after at the home until they receive the certificates from the child welfare committee for adoption. Then they could start procedures to have the boy adopted. Sumathi said there were nine children in the home for adoption. Already 23 children have been placed under foster care. As of now, they do not receive any funding from the government.Sumathi said the organisation has a registered list of couples who are interested in adoption. As per the guidelines the information of couples interested in adopting a child should be registered. The organization collects Rs 40,000 from foster parents for the care of the child at the home, during the processing of papers and completion of all legalities. This is a one-time amount collected once the couple has decided to adopt a particular child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775207", "title": "Artist guilty in fake currency case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight years after renowned Bangladeshi sculptor Rashid Ahmed (75) was arrested in the city along with three persons for possessing fake Indian currency, a trial court has senten8ced him and his accomplice to seven ye8ars' rigorous imprisonment.Ahmed, whose works include sculptures on the country's Liberation War of 1971, and his woman aide, Nurun Nahar Lovely, however, will walk free from the jail as the punishment term is less than the time they have already spent in jail. The court acquitted co-accused Mohammed Abaad Ali and Imam Raja, both Indians, represented by counsel Vijay Aggarwal.Additional sessions judge Vimal Kumar Yadav also imposed a fine of Rs 1.5 lakh each on the two convicts. Once they pay the fine, Rashid and Nurun, who were arrested in 2004, will be able to walk free.While sentencing the Bangladeshis, the court considered the submission of their counsel and amicus curiae, Dhirender Singh, and took a lenient view, saying \"Rashid Ahmed is stated to be a renowned artist. The newspaper reports also vouch for it, whi8ch all goes to strengthen the fact that the convicts were the victims of circumstances and...they could not ward off the temptation of ea8r8ning a quick buck with a religious trip to India as bonus\".The prosecution had stated that on December 20, 2004, a team of officials of Directorate of Revenue Intelligence apprehended the accu8sed from a hotel at Paharganj.Fake Indian no8tes of face value Rs 45,98,000 were recovered from false cavities in a suitcase. Nurun and Rashid, however, maintained they had come to India to visit Dargah Ajmer Sharif and they had been implicated in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16775850", "title": "Bengal cops face rights body heat", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Human Rights Commission on Thursday ordered the state home department to initiate disciplinary proceedings against three police officers, including one now posted as an additional DCP with the Bidhananagar City Police, suspend two junior officials and pay Rs 1 lakh compensation to a gang rape victim, who was a minor.The order also directed the state to deduct a part of the compensation amount from the officers' pay - Rs 25,000 from the senior officer (the then ASP, rural, South 24-Parganas) and Rs 20,000 each from the former officer-in-charge and an ASI (both of whom are to be suspended) of Patharpratima police station. The commission has given two months' time to the state to execute the orders. and gave it a two-month timeframe to comply.The commission's ire was at the former ASP (rural), South 24-Paraganas, Ranendranath Banerjee (a WBPS officer), OC Patharpratima, Gopal Biswas (now posted as OC Bagdah) and ASI, Patharpratima, Hiranmoy Chakraborty. The officers were indicted primarily based on a report submitted to the commission by Banerjee himself, where he had tried to shield the junior officers in the case. a charge as a serious as gangrape of a teenage victim.The tragedy, which led to the order, dates back to April 10, last year, when a 15-year-old girl had left her Partharpratima home to go to a relative's place. She was stopped on her way and gang-raped by two persons, who were later identified as Bidesh and Chandan Goli. The next morning, the traumatized minor along with her parents mustered the courage to lodge a complaint with the Patharpratima police station.No FIR was lodged. Instead, police recorded a general diary. On April 12, two days after the incident, the victim and her parents went to the police station again where they were allegedly abused and threatened by the OC and ASI. Unable to get justice, they knocked on the doors of the rights body two months later.The complaint prompted the WBHRC to ask the South 24-Parganas police superintendent to probe the matter and report back to it. At the SP's direction, Banerjee the ASP (Rural) then probed the matter and submitted the report. In his report, Banerjee said that the complaint was registered late - on June 3, last year - under section 376 IPC (gang rape) and one accused named in the FIR - Bidesh Goli - was arrested. The gang rape was proved by a subsequent medical report. Banerjee's report, however, kept mum on why police chose to register a complaint against a cognisable and heinous crime after almost two months. It also tried to shield the accused officers by not mentioning anything on their alleged misbehaviour with the victim. choosing not to reply the complaints of abuse and misbehavior on a teenager victim of gangrape.The Commission obviously didn't take the report lightly.After getting the report, the commission not only summoned the accused officers, but also Banerjee for cross examination. Banerjee \"regretted\" for lapses and offered the commission his \"unconditional apologies.\" But, the commission was appalled at the apathy and gave the order on Thursday. This, however, wasn't enough as the order today indicated. The Commission wasn't only appalled at the apathy not only in lodging the complaint but also by superior officers who are supposed to monitor and correct the wrongs.This comes after the August 14 order, directing the government to initiate disciplinary action against two police officers within six weeks and pay compensation of Rs 50,000 each to Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra and his septuagenarian neighbour Subrata Sengupta for alleged police action against them as they had reportedly forwarded a mail lampooning the chief minister.Mahapatra and Sengupta were arrested on April 12 midnight by East Jadavpur police for sending the mail - parodying a scene from Satyajit Ray's 'Sonar Kella' to feature the CM and Union railway minister Mukul Roy - to other members of the New Garia Cooperative Housing Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776723", "title": "Steel girder placed over side bay of North overbridge", "text": "KOCHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) placed a steel girder on one of the two side bays on Wednesday night. As the metro authority and the contractor began to move men and machinery to the site, police blocked traffic over the bridge.According to DMRC it took three hours to complete the work. Around 10pm the ROB was sealed to position the trailer carrying the 45-tonne steel girder and two cranes. \"Though it took only 30 minutes to launch the girder, we took two-and-a-half hours to make preparatory arrangements like positioning the trailer and cranes. As the metro agency was working on an old bridge the officials as wells as the workers were cautious,\" said DMRC spokesperson. During the day the authorities had marked the positions of these vehicles on the bridge.DMRC had already stationed the trailer with the 34-meter long girder near the office of the Reserve Bank of India . The girder was built at Manapattyparamabu.Initially, the first crane was moved in to the marked area. It was followed by the trailer and the second crane. Each crane weighed 120 tonnes. The cranes were stationed perfectly and additional weight was provided for equally distributing the weight of the girder. Precautions were taken to ensure that the vehicles remained stable with wheels locked.\"Though the railway agreed to block the movements of trains for an hour, we finished the work of placing girders within 30 minutes. By 12.30 am we began this work and completed it by 1.05 am,\" added the spokesperson. DMRC informed that the second girder would be placed on Saturday and the metro agency would follow the same procedure.But, DMRC will have a tough time while placing the girder on the foot overbridge. As the bridge is a bit far from the main ROB, the positioning of the cranes would be risky. It should be ensured that the arms of the cranes reach the overbridge without causing damage to the main ROB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777078", "title": "All India Institute of Medical Sciences Bhopal outpatient treatment facility begins", "text": "BHOPAL: All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) Bhopal has started its outpatient treatment facility. A start-up clinic is currently functional treating patients twice a week. Full-fledged AIIMS hospital is likely to begin by September 2013.\"We are offering consultations to patients with neurological problems. Therapy advice, assessment and basic treatment are being provided,\" said assistant professor and neurophysician Dr Nirendra Rai.Patients are being offered consultation at the project office of AIIMS. The clinic remains open on Wednesday and Friday from 9 am to 1am. \"Since it is a temporary arrangement, specialized interventions are not possible as of now,\" Rai added.The unit can handle about two dozen OPD patients per day. Those suffering from neurological problems like headaches, epilepsy and migraine are being provided treatment. People with brain and spinal cord injuries, cerebral palsy or tumour having neurological impact, are also being provided consultation. Services at AIIMS are for free of charge.According to experts, 15 to 20% of the population in India suffers from migraine while epilepsy affects about one per cent people. \"Senior citizens are most prone to neurological disorders,\" said Rai. Parkisons disease affects one to 5% people above 70 years of age. Dementia too affects 5 to 10% of people above 80 years, he added.With 12 new facilities slated to start by November, it would further boost the hospital services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16775739", "title": "Mamata refuses extension of central deputation to state cadre officers", "text": "KOLKATA: Two senior IAS officers who do not want to return to Bengal after their deputation tenures end have been refused an extension by the Mamata Banerjee government.With a shortfall of 123 bureaucrats in the state, the government has decided not to allow extension to any officer on deputation. The chief minister has also turned down pleas of other officers who have applied for central deputation.The buzz in the bureaucratic circles is that several IAS officers on deputation throughout the country are apprehensive about working in their cadre state, given the change of guard and the apparent lack of direction in the administration. It was proven true when two officers - Rajiva Sinha and Naveen Prakash - mustered the courage and sought extensions for their stay outside Bengal. But they were turned down outright. It indicates that their request for a longer stay away from the state has not gone down well with the state government.Rajiva Sinha, a 1986 batch officer, is on deputation as programme manager to Unicef and was posted in Patna, his hometown. He cited health and personal reasons for staying back there. But the government made it clear that he has no other choice but to return to Bengal.Naveen Prakash, a 1987 batch IAS officer, had an even rougher experience. The Union Cabinet appointment committee had approved his selection as chief vigilance officer in Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) under the steel ministry, but he did not get the clearance from the state government.Sources said that the Trinamool-run government, which has fallen out with the UPA, isn't too happy about the applications for central deputation. \"The chief minister found no reason to accept the Centre's approval as her own plea on the extension of the term of former chief secretary Samar Ghosh wasn't allowed by the department of personnel and training (DoPT) in Delhi,\" said an official.Ever since taking over as the CM, Mamata has been crying herself hoarse over the dearth of IAS officers in the state. While the cadre strength is 357, there are only 234 officers in Bengal - enough ground for the chief minister not to let go two officers who are due to come back in the next two months.Mamata has turned down applications from all those who have applied for central deputation, in keeping with her resolve not to create any more vacancies. But eyebrows were raised when Anil Agarwal, former secretary of animal resource development, was allowed to go to Delhi. The CM apparently allowed the 1981-batch officer to go in order to make way for chief secretary Sanjay Mitra to get promoted as additional chief secretary before he could be selected for the top post. Clearances were also given to two others - Tuk Tuk Kumar and Raghvendra Singh - of the 1981 and 1983 batches. But the former is still here since she is yet to get a central berth cleared for her transfer.Apparently, the two had gotten into trouble with Mamata and were transferred out of important positions at Writers' Buildings earlier this year.Two senior IAS officers have been ticked off by the Mamata government seeking not to return to Bengal, even after their deputation tenures were over. The government has decided not to allow extensions to any officer on deputation, given the shortage of bureaucrats in the state. She has also turned down the plea of officers who have applied for central deputation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16776133", "title": "Waterlogged streets greet commuters in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Heavy showers lashed large parts of Kolkata on Thursday afternoon, leaving major roads waterlogged and Puja shoppers disappointed. Civic authorities also had a harrowing time in flushing out water. Met officials said the rain was an indirect effect of the depression formed near Bangladesh and northeastern states.The rain started at 4.15pm and continued till 6.30pm. \"In the next 24 hours, Kolkata can get isolated showers as the low pressure will be moving towards the northeastern states,\" said regional meteorological director GC Debnath.With the central business district practically under water, office-goers had a tough time returning home and most of them had to wade through knee-deep water to get hold of transport.\"We faced a stiff challenge in flushing out the storm water through our drainage pumping stations because of high tide along with heavy showers. This led to severe waterlogging in some parts of central and south Kolkata,\" a KMC drainage department official said.Some of the most affected areas were BBD Bag, Park Street, Camac Street, Mirza Ghalib Street, Kyd Street and AJC Bose Road where it took hours for the storm water to recede. However, some parts of north Kolkata, prone to waterlogging, were spared from inundation because of comparatively lesser rains. \"Chittaranjan Avenue, Bidhan Sarani, Amherst Street and APC Road were among the areas where the residents did not face severe waterlogging,\" a KMC drainage department official said.The KMC sewerage and drainage department officials said that Palmerbazar drainage pumping station near Park Circus recorded the highest rainfall. Within a span of three hours (4pm to 7pm), the pumping station recorded 92 mm rainfall, the highest in the season. While Jodhpur Park drainage pumping station recorded 83 mm rainfall, Dhapa Lock drainage pumping station recorded 72 mm rainfall.Parts of Diamond Harbour Road, Kidderpore and Metiabruz also went under water following the shower.With New Market, Gariahat and Hatibagan falling prey to the downpour, thousands of Puja shoppers were also stranded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774717", "title": "'Media can play key role in Indo-Pak ties'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Describing the India-Pakistan bilateral relations as more complex than the ties between North and South Korea, former Pakistan minister and media expert Javed Jabbar said that there was a good measure of hope to improve them through various moves.Speaking to TOI on Thursday, Jabbar said, among the measures that have contributed in keeping matters from going out of control was Track-Two diplomacy wherein experts from different walks of life have been debating for two decades over issues of mutual concern.Jabbar, chairman and chief executive of JJ Media Pvt Ltd, Karachi, and there-time minister in Pakistan cabinets, said media could play an important role in improving the relations between the two countries by doing away with misconceptions. He recalled the meeting of media personalities from the two countries in New Delhi in May 1950 that had followed the signing of Liaquat-Nehru Pact. The media persons had agreed that the situation of violence had worsened owing to inaccurate reporting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16777100", "title": "I-League: Akram trick floors ONGC", "text": "MARGAO: Handed his first start of the season, Akram Moghrabi scored a stunning hat-trick for Churchill Brothers inside the first 45 minutes as the hosts clobbered ONGC 5-0 in a second round I-League clash at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Thursday.The Lebanon striker made second-half appearances for Churchill Brothers all through the season as technical director Subhash Bhowmick allowed him to take more time and assimilate into the squad. Gabonese striker Henri Antchouet was preferred but with Henri not available for the second clash on international duty with Gabon - Akram was handed his first start.Just as he had done in training sessions, the Lebanon striker lost no time in impressing Bhowmick, and his hat-trick was the highlight of a fine evening for the hosts. Brazilian Beto and Lebanon defender Bilal Najjarine - who initially recommended Akram to the team - also helped themselves to delightful goals but it was midfielder Steven Dias who announced his return to form in fine fashion, turning provider for four of the five goals.Steven, once, one of the finest player in his position but now out of favour with the Indian team, was resourceful, neat and, many times, astute with his feeding. His initial cross from a set-piece corner saw Akram head home to set the tempo for Churchill to smash five goals past a sorry ONGC side. It was not always like this, though. At the start ONGC seemed to suggest they had the stomach for a fight. Japanese midfielder Yusa Katsumi tested Sandip Nandy with a couple of goalrangers but once Churchill got a measure of the visitors, they were in a league of their own.Mumbai FC go down in thriller:Pune FC rallied from 1-2 down to defeat Mumbai FC 3-2 in a high-powered thriller to register their second successive win at the Shiv Chhatrapati sports complex, reports Edwin D'sa.The three points picked from the state derby sent Pune FC to top of the table with six points. Man of the match Japanese Nishiguchi Daisuke scored a brace (7 min &amp; 52 min) while striker Jeje Lalpekhlua struck home the match-winner in the 75th minute. For Mumbai FC the two first-half goals came off Ghanaian midfielder Evan Quao who headed one in the 18th minute while Nigerian striker N D Opara scored in the 26th minute.Ralte strike downs UnitedSikkim: Lalrindika Ralte, the 'Little Magician', saved the day for East Bengal yet again on Thursday. After his strike helped the red and golds knock out Churchill Brothers and book a berth in the final of the Federation Cup last month, the Mizoram lad did and encore against United Sikkim FC at the Paljor Stadium in Gangtok. SRalte scored directly from a free-kick from about 20 yards out, the ball going in after taking a slight deflection off the head of a rival player.Air India crash to second defeat:Pailan Arrows played true to promise as they downed Air India 2-1 to pick up their second successive win in the I-League football at the Salt Lake Stadium here Thursday. Striker Holicharan Narzary put the Arrows ahead in the first half before captain Milan Singh ensured the winner from a penalty midway through the second half. Nigerian striker Henry Ezeh pulled one back for the airmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16779929", "title": "RTI should be circumscribed if it encroaches on privacy: PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Voicing concern over frivolous and vexatious use of RTI Act, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said the citizens' right to know should definitely be circumscribed if it encroaches on an individual's privacy.\"There is a fine balance required to be maintained between the right to information and the right to privacy, which stems out of the fundamental right to life and liberty. The citizens' right to know should definitely be circumscribed if disclosure of information encroaches upon someone's personal privacy. But where to draw the line is a complicated question,\" he said.Addressing the seventh convention of central information commissioners, the Prime Minister said, \"There are concerns about frivolous and vexatious use of the Act in demanding information disclosure of which cannot possibly serve any public purpose.\"Singh said such queries besides serving little productive purpose are also a drain on the resources of public authorities, diverting precious man-hours that could be put to better use.\"Sometimes information covering a long time-span or a large number of cases is sought in an omnibus manner with the objective of discovering an inconsistency or mistake which can be criticised,\" he said.Touching upon the area of public-private partnerships, the Prime Minister said blanket extension of the RTI Act to such bodies may discourage private enterprises to enter in partnership with public sector whereas a blanket exclusion may harm accountability of public officials.The Prime Minister's remarks come close on the heels of the Supreme Court as also the Central Information Commission's adverse criticism of frivolous RTI applications.Stressing on the privacy issue, Singh said the issue of a separate legislation on privacy is under consideration of an expert group under Justice A P Shah.Referring to a recent Supreme Court order terming information commissions as judicial bodies, the Prime Minister said the government has decided to go in for review of the verdict before the apex court.Singh said there was also a need to change perceptions about the right to information, noting that it should not be viewed as an irritant \"but something that is good for us collectively\".\"Rights cannot stand in isolation and must always be accompanied by reciprocal obligation...I believe that all of us share a responsibility to promote more constructive and productive use of the Right to Information Act. This important legislation should not only be about criticising, ridiculing and running down public authorities,\" he said.Singh said the Act should be more about promoting transparency and accountability, spreading information and awareness and empowering the citizen.\"I believe that the right to information can be utilised for even better results to the benefit of our country and the people. It needs to be remembered that the ultimate goal of the legislation is to induce more efficiency in the work of the government and help it serve the people better,\" he said.Earlier, speaking on the occasion, minister of state for personnel and training V Narayanasamy said there is a need to create awareness about responsible use of the Act.\"It has to be ensured that it (information) does not infringe upon personal sensitive information of individuals. Personal liberty is very important. Each society has its own concept of privacy. There is need to define what is personal information and what is sensitive information,\" he said.He said people using the RTI Act to expose corruption must be protected and Whistleblowers' Protection Bill is a step in that direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16777287", "title": "Youth kills father over buying car", "text": "PANCHKULA: A youth killed his father over purchase of a car. The incident happened on Thursday in Ramgarh area in district Panchkula. Salman, 25, had a heated argument with his father Sitar Mohammad, 45. Following this he beat up his father with a \"lathi,\" and then went on to kick and punch him. Injured Sitar was taken to the General Hospital , Sector 6, where doctors declared him brought dead. A case has been registered. Police officials said that there was a fight because Salman wanted to buy a car, while his father was objecting to it. This angered Salman, leading to his father's killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16775672", "title": "Panther skin seized in Udaipur, 2 held", "text": "JAIPUR: Claiming to have busted an interstate gang of poachers, the Udaipur police arrested two men and launched a search for two others after a panther skin was recovered from them. The panther was shot seven times by the poachers, said the police. An SHO and two constables sustained injuries while chasing one of the accused in the forest area. The police are investigating where the accused were planning to sell it.According to the police, they got a tip-off that one man, identified as Moolchand, was in possession of a panther skin which he was trying to smuggle through Bhanpura-Kelwara Road in Rajsamand. \"A team from Sayra police station put barricades on the road on Wednesday and waited for the man. However, when he didn't turn up, another team was rushed to the nearby Dikoda bus stand where he was found and taken into custody,\" a police officer said.The officer said that a panther skin was recovered from his possession. \"An expert examination of the skin suggested that the skin had been peeled off the body recently. There were about seven bullet marks on it meaning it had been poached,\" said the officer.The police interrogated Moolchand who allegedly confessed that he had bought the skin from one Hansraj Garasia, a resident of a nearby village. \"A police team was rushed to Hansraj's house. We found him there and arrested him. He also told us that he had bought the panther skin from two other men, Rama and Dhanna whom we suspect to be poachers,\" said the officer.The police team asked Hansraj to lead them to Rama and Dhanna's house. On the pretext of taking the policemen there, Hansraj took them through the dense forest area and fled midway. \"We chased him. SHO Ravindra Singh and constables Magnaram and Rajesh sustained injuries on their head and legs during the chase. However, he was caught again. Rama and Dhanna somehow got suspicious and fled from their houses before police carried out raids,\" said the officer.The officer said that a case has been registered against Rama and Dhanna under the Wildlife Protection Act. \"We have launched a massive search for them,\" said the officer. The police are interrogating Moolchand and Hansraj to ascertain where they were planning to sell the skin. Police suspect that the duo has connection with some interstate rackets involved in smuggling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16777111", "title": "Special children enthrall at audition", "text": "INDORE: A talent-hunt competition held in the city on Tuesday gave an opportunity to the differently-abled children to showcase their talent and mesmerize the crowd with their performances.11-year-old Gomtesh Gandhi and 13-year-old Pawan, who are blind, were unmatched on the synthesizer and tabla, respectively. They were amongst the many others who participated in the programme for special children under the \"Udhane Ki Asha- 2012\" organized by the Justice Tankha Rotary Institute, Jabalpur.\"When people normally think of disabled, the thought that comes to mind is that of pity,\" said Navdeep Bhullar, one of the organizers. \"The only way these special kids can be encouraged is through such opportunities to prove their worth. Special children from all over the state will be selected during this event. \"Those short-listed will be trained for 20 days after which they will get a chance to participate in the mega show, that will be held on December 23, on the World Disability Day,\" said Navdeep.\"We are providing these special kids a platform to promote their talent,\" said the organizer Akash Chouksey adding that the Limca Book of World Records has been informed about the event.The judges at the audition were famous dance choreographers Manju Sharma, Anand Mishra and Manoj Mishra. Many schools and associations from the city participated in the event on Wednesday. Moin Khan , a visually impaired, played 'teen-taal' on Tabla. He believes that the talent in him is god-gifted. Other kids showed their flair and held the audience spellbound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774804", "title": "Dengue danger looms over Delhi, cases touch 330", "text": "NEW DELHI: With more than 150 'official' cases reported in one week, the threat of a dengue outbreak in the city looms large. South Delhi has been worst affected with 128 cases followed by North corporation (126) and East corporation (59), according to figures provided by the municipal corporation. Thirty-two dengue cases were reported on Thursday taking the total count to 330 for the season.Major hospitals \u2014 both private and government-run \u2014 say the official data is just a tip of iceberg and they were getting over a dozen dengue cases daily for the last two weeks. Worse, a group of municipal staff including some dengue breeding checkers have threatened to stall work on Friday to protest against 'anti-employee policies' of the civic body.At AIIMS, doctors claimed, at least 30 residents have been infected with the virus over the last one month and number of patients being admitted with severe manifestation of the disease ranges between three to five cases daily.Doctors at Sir Ganga Ram hospital said 40 patients suffering from the mosquito-borne disease are still admitted. \"We have got few patients who suffered severe liver damage due to dengue, which is rare and near fatal manifestation of the viral infection,\" said Dr S K Sarin, director of the Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences (ILBS), Vasant Kunj. He said dengue patients must be careful and check if the liver enzymes are abnormally high.According to Dr A B Dey, head of the geriatrics department at AIIMS, some elderly patients confirmed positive for the dengue virus have been admitted to the hospital. \"There is no specific treatment for dengue and medicines are given only to control the symptoms \u2014 fever, body pain, headache or vomiting. In most cases, these symptoms tend to subside within two weeks,\" Dey said. He added that bleeding \u2014 internal or through the natural orifices like nose \u2014 is a severe manifestation of the viral infection. \"Patients must not take aspirin and other anti-inflammatory drugs which tend to precipitate bleeding,\" the doctor warned.Dr Ekta Gupta, senior microbiologist at ILBS said there are four serotypes of dengue virus - Dengue I, II, III and IV. \"The dengue virus in the capital has become hyper endemic \u2014 which means that different kinds of strain circulate together or co-exist, which is a worrying trend. It means that a person who has got infected with one kind of virus can still get infected due to another serotype because he is not exposed to it,\" she said. Gupta said that the viruses in circulation in Delhi this year have not been identified though.Several Congress councilors and even the independent observers have claimed that the civic body was under reporting dengue cases to hide its inefficiency. But Yadav maintained that all steps to check the spread of the disease was being taken.\"Fogging activities have been intensified and awareness campaigns are being held in municipal schools. We have also directed hospitals and nursing home to report the dengue cases,\" he said. Yadav claimed that there is no shortage of platelets and the hospitals have been put on high alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16775730", "title": "HC asks jail authorities to receive mercy plea", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday directed superintendent, Central Jail, Patiala, to receive the mercy petition of accused Jasvir Singh, who is on death row for kidnapping and killing a 16-year-old boy from a Hoshiarpur family for a hefty ransom, and forward the same to President of India within the course of a day.Jasvir Singh's hanging is slated for Friday at the Central Jail, Patiala. However, his hanging would be stayed automatically on admission of his mercy petition before the President of India.The orders to Patiala jail superintendent were made by Justice Surya Kant after hearing the counsel for the accused, G K Maan, who informed that the accused could not file the mercy petition, but he has now expressed willingness to approach the Union government for mercy.Maan had met Jasvir and his wife in Patiala jail on Wednesday.Presently lodged separately in Central Jail, Patiala, Jasvir and his wife Sonia were awarded death penalty by a trial court under section 364-A, 201,120-B IPC which was confirmed by the Punjab and Haryana high court here.However, the Supreme Court, upholding the death sentence to Jasvir Singhhad , converted the death sentence of Sonia into life imprisonment.They had committed the heinous crime within eight months of their marriage.The HC has now fixed Wednesday as the next date for the main case where it will hear the couple's petition seeking conjugal rights inside the jail. Jasvir's father, Jarnail Singh, had filed a petition before the HC to allow the couple have conjugal life within the prison premises so that they could have a heir to the family, especially when the husband happens to be the only son of his parents and awaits capital punishment.Meanwhile, ADGP (prisons), Punjab, appeared before the HC and said that they have not examined the issue of conjugal rights or provision of artificial insemination for the couple and that there is no provision for such things in the relevant statute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16776827", "title": "Koyilandi ROB will not be ready any time soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The traffic problems in Koyilandi town are unlikely to be resolved any time soon with the work on the road-over-bridge (ROB) being delayed.The roads and bridges development corporation Kerala (RBDCK) had announced that the ROB on the Koyilandi-Thamarassery-Balussery Road would be commissioned in the first week of October. But that has not taken place though a majority of the work is over.Of the remaining two spans that need to be completed, one has to be done by the RBDCK and the other by the railways.RBDCK officials have said that the work on their portion can be carried out only after the railways completes its work. And sources in the railways said the work on their portion could be completed only by March 2013. RBDCK sources said they would need only a month to complete the work on the span.The ROB is being constructed near the new bus stand. The total length of the t-shaped bridge that includes the railways' portion of 32.4 metre, is 1.01 km. The work on the approach roads has almost been completed. The length of the approach portion of the ROB towards NH-66 is 338.8 metre; towards Balussery side it is 461.3 metre, and towards Thamarassery it's 213.147 metre. The total width of the bridge, including its crash barriers, is 8.5 metre. There are no footpaths on the ROB.The estimated cost of the project is 19.25 crore.According to sources in the RBDCK, work on the over-bridge, which began on June 2011, was supposed to be completed in 12 months with October 5 being the deadline. \"We can begin the work on the remaining slab only after railways completes the work on its portion. We are therefore in no way responsible for the delay,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16776877", "title": "Looking back: The 10-year bend in river Cauvery", "text": "BANGALORE: It was exactly 10 years ago in 2002, when I was chief secretary of Karnataka, that the Cauvery river was on fire, as it is now. Scenes we are witnessing today \u2014 court orders , agitations, bandhs and endless meetings \u2014 are reminiscent of what happened a decade ago.Interestingly, J Jayalalithaa happened to be the chief minister of Tamil Nadu then too. At a meeting of the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) chaired by then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in August 2002, Jayalalithaa staged a walkout, much like Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar staged this time. A tit for tat after 10 years!The CRA then decided that Karnataka should release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu, which is the same quantity ordered for release now. Jayalalithaa who had already approached the Supreme Court did not hesitate to file a contempt petition against the then chief minister, SM Krishna , and others including me for noncompliance of the court's direction. The case dragged on for over five years before we could get a reprieve.The history of this water dispute goes back to the 19th century when an agreement was signed between the then Madras and Mysore governments in 1892, followed by another one in 1924. Karnataka has always felt that the two agreements were biased in favour of Tamil Nadu. After Independence, discussions went on from time to time between the two states but produced no result. Finally, the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal was established in 1990 and it passed an interim order in 1991, directing Karnataka to release 205 tmcft of water in a year and to restrict its area under irrigation in the river basin to 11.2 lakh acres. The Centre accepted the order, eliciting sharp reactions in Karnataka , from the government as well as the people, leading to widespread agitation and violence.The Cauvery crisis seems to be erupting every 10 years. In 2002, the agitation led to a group of farmers forcibly stopping release of water from Kabini dam and three persons jumping into the river and the death of one. Krishna undertook a padayatra from Bangalore to Mandya signalling the state's intent to protect the interests of farmers and the people. However, this was not viewed kindly by the Supreme Court.When the tribunal gave its final award in 2007, it indicated that in a distress year, the allocated shares shall be proportionately reduced among the states. Efforts to evolve a distress-sharing formula to be adopted in times of crisis have failed. Any acceptable solution must find favour with farmers in both states.A group of farmers and academics under the name of Cauvery Family had come together in 2003 to find an amicable solution to the dispute. But it seems to have lost its way. It is time politics and agitations made way for the Family with a group of experts to resolve the issue.(The writer is former chief secretary, Karnataka)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777449", "title": "Rich tributes paid to Loknayak", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar offered floral tributes to Loknayak Jaya Prakash Narayan at the state function to mark his birth anniversary at Income-Tax roundabout on Thursday.On this occasion, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, education minister P K Shahi, road construction department minister Nandkishore Yadav, food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, JD-U national spokesperson Shivanand Tiwary, MLA Poonam Devi, MLCs Harendra Pratap and Aslam Azad, and former minister Ramnath Thakur and Child Labour Commission chairperson Anita Sinha also offered floral tributes to the great leader. Later, Nitish along with Modi reached Charkha Samiti at Kadamkuan and offered tributes to JP.A function was also organized at the RJD headquarters where former minister Vijay Krishna , Mundrika Singh Yadav, Suresh Paswan and MLC Badsah Prasad offered glowing tributes to the late leader.Bhartiya Janata Yuva Morcha organized a regional youth convention on the occasion under the presidentship of state president Sushil Kumar at Rabindra Bhawan. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said that the state is proud of JP, who was born in the state and gave the slogan of Sampoorna Kranti against the then corrupt Congress government. State BJP president Dr C P Thakur described JP as a great leader.BJP national general secretary and Bihar in charge Anand Kumar said JP was not a leader of Bihar but of the nation. He recalled that JP began his movement from Bihar against corruption of the then Congress government.Loknayak Jaya Prakash Narayan Memorial Social Welfare Trust and Akhil Bhartiya Kayastha Mahasabha organized separate functions on the occasion. A march was taken out by the 1974 JP Andolankari Sampoorna Kranti Morcha, which was led by Morcha president Brahmdeo Patel and P L Kumari. Kaladhan Bhrastachar Virodhi March also took out a march, which reached Gandhi Maidan and paid floral tributes to JP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16775777", "title": "Youth held for raping 6-yr-old girl", "text": "GURGAON: A youth was arrested by Sector 5 police for allegedly raping a six-year-old girl after abducting her. After medical examination, the victim was handed over to her next of kin. Police were told that the rapist was helped by two other youths in his heinous crime.The incident took place in Laxman Vihar Colony around 5.30pm on Thursday. According to police, a rickshaw-puller, a native of Bihar and a widower, was living in a rented house with his two daughters. One is six years old while the other is one year old.A senior police officer said that on Thursday evening, 18-year-old Chotu Ravidas, native of Bihar, who was also living in rented accommodation and working as labourer was abducting 6 year old girl and brought to her in his rented room and raped to the minor. In the meantime, his neighbours raised an alarm and caught him red-handed in his room.The victim, who was found unconscious, was rushed to a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16777520", "title": "A tough task ahead for government", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government might not care for the rules laid down by the Union ministry of environment and forests while proceeding with its plan to landfill the abandoned quarries with garbage. However, the government will have to toil hard before preparing all the 20 selected quarries for sanitary landfill. Experts point out that the project would require time, effort and most importantly a huge budget.Interestingly, the only successful model state can vouch for in sanitary landfill is at Vilappilsala. It took three months for the engineers to prepare the ground and go through the processes of lining, capping and landfill on a relatively small landscape while processing waste at Vilappilsala garbage factory.\"It is a tough process to execute even on a levelled ground. On an uneven, sloppy and rocky terrain, the process is going to be painstaking,\" said an engineer associated with sanitary landfill. The project involves preparing a bed with high density polyethylene sheets and HDP pipes. Garbage is laid atop this bed and on the top of which a clay bed is prepared. Pipes are left with holes through which the leachate is collected.Collecting the leachate from rock quarries would demand a lot of technical expertise. Since the terrain is steep, the only possible option is suction from the depths. \"In case of a blockage, leachate collection would come to a halt. This would mean that leachate could seep through small cracks which develop in rocks,\" an official said.Experts added that aquifers, the natural channels of stream that run beneath the rocky surfaces might exert pressure on the HDP bed causing it to wither away. \"No matter how thick the lowermost layer is, the pressure exerted by the underground water will be enormous. The bed made of HDP might not be able to withstand this. Also laying HDP sheets on rocky surfaces would not be a good idea. It could tear apart,\" another expert said.Sanitary landfill can be successfully implemented only in phases. \"It is foolish to say that quarries will be ready for landfill within days. There are some procedures like post-closure operations. It means that the site has to be effectively maintained even after the purpose. In quarries, this is going to be a difficult task since it could take minimum of 4-6 months, if the project is implemented in a scientific manner,\" an environmental engineer said.In addition to all these will be the procedural delays. The government will have to seek the approval of pollution control board and airport authority to implement the scheme in quarries since the prescribed norms apply to most of the selected quarries. \"Even at Veli, some of the basic steps were neglected in sanitary landfill. So the government has to make sure that it does not repeat this time,\" said environment expert RVG Menon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16777005", "title": "CM slammed for not protecting satras", "text": "GUWAHATI: Smannita Yuva Tirtha (SYT), the youth wing of Asom Satra Mahasabha, has hit out at chief minister Tarun Gogoi for allegedly failing to protect the historic satras from miscreants.As many as 35 Vaishnavite monasteries, prayer halls and temples have been looted in the last four years by miscreants. Many precious manuscripts have also been damaged. The SYT accused Gogoi of neglecting the satras, established by Sankardeva and his followers.\"Though chief minister Tarun Gogoi himself assured that adequate security personnel will be deployed at the sattras and CID will probe incidents of robbery, nothing has been done. Miscreants looted Sri Sri Nikamul Satra, located at Tezpur in northern Assam , on October 7,\" rued Apurba Adhikari, the secretary of SYT.He said the damage caused to the satras in the last two years has been the highest. \"A certain section of people in the state wants to wipe out the existence of satras, which were established to propagate neo-Vaishnavism. With the help of illegal immigrants, a section of anti-social elements wants to destroy the heritage of the satras,\" he added.Before looting Sri Sri Nikamul Satra of Tezpur in Sonitpur district, miscreants took away valuables from Sri Sri Raghunath Satra of the same district a few weeks ago.Alleging that the state government is not concerned about the role played by the satras, Adhikari said, \"On December 10 last year, miscreants looted Sri Sri Nikamul Satra. Since, the government was not all bothered about the security of the satra, miscreants again ransacked the shrine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16774949", "title": "Wedding food worth Rs 339 crore goes waste", "text": "BANGALORE: After the big fat wedding is done with and the guests have gone home, what remains is the litter, dirty dishes and piles of excess high-calorie food.Enough to feed lakhs of children, in a country where malnutrition has been termed a \"national shame\" by Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh. Statistics show that every third malnourished child in the world is an Indian.A survey shows that annually, Bangalore alone wastes 943 tonnes of quality food during weddings. \"This is enough to feed 2.6 crore people a normal Indian meal,\" a study by a team of 10 professors from the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS), Bangalore, has concluded. The team, under the guidance of UAS vice-chancellor K Narayana Gowda, surveyed 75 of Bangalore's 531 marriage halls over a period of six months.\"About 84,960 marriages are held at 531 kalyana mantapas (marriage halls) in Bangalore every year. About 943 tonnes of high-calorie quality food is wasted in these halls annually. At an average cost of Rs 40 per meal, the total food wastage in the city is estimated at Rs 339 crore,\" the study said.On an average, 1,000 people attend a wedding where two meals are served - lunch at the wedding and dinner for reception, besides breakfast.\"About 10-20 items are served at a wedding ceremony. The maximum items served include 100 grams each of soup and juice, followed by 50 grams each of puri and pulao,\" the survey stated. It also concluded that rice and cereals were on top, making for 35% of the wastage.\"On an average, a typical wedding meal is very rich in energy. Each meal may have 1,239 calories, enough to meet an entire day's requirement of a child! The wastage per meal amounted to 20% at 246 calories,\" said Gowda.\"The survey sought to bring to light the criminal wastage of food during Indian weddings. Our aim is to create awareness and sensitize the public not to waste food. We found that food wastage was more with buffets than served meals,\" said professor PK Mandanna, of agricultural marketing, UAS.The university has scheduled a brainstorming session on the issue at its GKVK campus on Saturday. Those interested can attend.'Guests should be sensitized'\"Food wastage is a big concern during weddings. We need to create awareness among people and sensitize them against wasting food. Hosts must put placards with messages saying guests must not waste food and take only what they can consume. Nowadays, professionals serve food, which is working positively,\" says Vasan T, proprietor, Gowrishankar Mahal, west of Chord Road.Weddings wows1,000 people attend an average marriageMenu comprises two meals and breakfastEach meal contains 1,239 caloriesAvg cost of meal Rs 40943 tonnes of high-calorie quality food wastedWasted food worth Rs 339 cr22% food wasted in buffet system; 20% in served systemTimes ViewThe next time you savour a wedding feast, spare a thought for the masses which go without two square meals a day. Especially children. At Indian weddings, where guests are plied with good food, there's always excess. This can be channelized to feed the poor, as some NGOs are already doing. Which goes to show there's enough to go around. India produces enough for its people, but the bulk of the food reaches those with purchasing power. It is the economics which needs to be balanced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16777009", "title": "Soulmate, Phynyx to perform in Imphal", "text": "IMPHAL: Eminent rock bands - Phynyx, Soulmate and guitarist Keith Viegas - will perform in Imphal on October 21 under the banner \"For the love of music and life, avoid drugs and unprotected sex. Protect yourself from HIV/AIDS\".Incidentally, Imphal-based Phynyx will perform after a gap of 14 years as its band members, belonging to different communities, reunited recently. Manipur is among the six states with the highest HIV/AIDS prevalence. According to the Manipur AIDS Control Society (Macs), the state has 38,016 people infected with HIV, including 10,109 women and 2,578 children.Phynyx's vocalist Len Gangte told the media here on Wednesday, \"Mumbai-based Keith Veigas will perform along with our band at YAC ground on the bank of the Imphal river. We will try to present around 20 numbers, including our self-composed songs.\"In the midst of the show, that is, between the performance of Phynyx and Shillong-based Soulmate, experts will deliver a lecture on various topics related to HIV/AIDS and drug abuse.\"Our performance's revenue will be donated to those infected with HIV/AIDS and affected children and orphans,\" Gangte said. He added, \"We will also use the same light and sound systems, which were utilized by the US-based 'Firehouse' during their recent performance in Imphal. We have already booked the gadgets from the proprietor, who is based in Dimapur.\"Phynyx, formerly Phoenix, was formed in the late eighties and the band made continuous appearances at various national competitions and bagged several awards.\"We are all prepared to make the Oct 21 show the best Imphal has seen,\" said Borun Thokchom, media coordinator of Imphal-based event management group ' River Boat'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16776346", "title": "Demolition drive held near bus stand", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The joint demolition squad of Allahabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and Allahabad Development Authority (ADA) removed encroachments in Civil Lines on Thursday.The encroachments were removed near the Civil Lines bus stand for start of beautification work of the Hanuman temple crossing.The demolition squad comprising bulldozers, JCB machines and trucks reached the site at about 1pm.The police outpost which was constructed on the side of Mahatma Gandhi Marg in-front of the bus stand gate was demolished. A heavy police consignment was deputed during the drive.However, tempers ran high as the demolition squad tried to remove a wall of the temple adjacent to the police outpost. The priest of the temple objected to the breaking of the wall.During the drive, tins shades of some kiosks were also removed.Later, the activists of Bajrang Dal took out a procession in the Civil Lines against the breaking of the temple wall.They also burned the effigy of the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16776744", "title": "Business incubators to help student innovators", "text": "KOCHI: The student entrepreneurship initiative announced by the state government for universities, colleges and polytechnics in the state will give the students of business and technology a much-needed boost.And Kochi stands to benefit much from it. According to the proposal, the Indian Telecom Innovation Hub-Technology Business Incubator (ITIH-TBI) will be set up in Kochi to which each college or polytechnic will have to designate a faculty member as an entrepreneurship coordinator. Student entrepreneurs can apply through the coordinator and submit his/her idea or project for evaluation.\"This will facilitate an industry-institution interaction. A student is worried about the risks he/she may have to take when she/he plans to start a venture. But a government supported initiative will give him/her confidence,\" said C A Francis, director, school of management studies, Cochin university of science and technology.\"It will be a good idea to connect this centre to all the other incubators in colleges. The earlier concept of engineering education revolved around problem solving. But over the years, technical education has become science-centric rather than technology-centric,\" said M Parameswaran, associate professor, production engineering, government engineering college, Thrissur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776602", "title": "Look at how long Goa's resources will last: All India Youth Federation", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa unit of the All India Youth Federation (AIYF) has demanded that the state government identify areas hit by the mining ban and declare them as 'mining affected areas arisen due to unforeseen calamity'.The demand comes a few days after the AIYF called for seizing of mine owners' assets by the government, for illegalities committed by the mining firms that have led to the mining ban. \"The mining ban imposed by the Supreme Court has sent shockwaves in the state, and has made us think about the capacity of the mining industry,\" said AIYF Goa unit president Suhaas Naik. \"We have to think beyond the present mining ban. We need to look at aspects such as how long will our natural resources last. How long will mining survive and people continue to remain dependent on the mining industry?\" Naik asked.Wondering whether the state government was in a position to \"provide credible alternatives\", Naik said that both the ruling BJP and the opposition Congress party needed to answer the people of Goa on this matter. Naik called for the creation of a 'mining affected people's relief fund' to be jointly funded by the state government and mine owners to compensate and rehabilitate the people of mining affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777224", "title": "3 generations of garba singers to rock Navratri", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr Parth Oza will take a break this Navratri from medicine and will join his father- noted singer Sanjay Oza- on the stage to sing during Navratri and make the people groove with passion and devotion on the garba grounds.This father-son duo are in great demand this Navratri as they will be seen performing together at most of the prominent garba venues of the city. In fact, passion for music is another thing these two share along with their genes.Dr Parth, 25, who started singing at the tender age of seven says, \"While singing was in my blood, I was also interested in the medical field. I think this is the right age for me to be a part of both the fields as I can spend time for both. I am currently doing a research on medical music therapy in Mumbai and travel to Ahmedabad for performances. My father has been a great source of inspiration and has always been supportive in all my decisions. I consider myself fortunate to be getting this opportunity of performing with him.\"Singing is in the family's legacy as Sanjay inherited this passion from his mother Umaben who too is a renowned singer. \"I have been singing for the past twenty four years and after my son joined me, I have seen broader dimensions of my profession. He has brought about a new vision along with his fresh singing. He used to accompany me as a child artist in my foreign trips and now, he has taken it up as a profession. The experience of performing together is difficult to express in words\", says the veteran singer who himself has a degree in B.Sc with Physics.In fact, the state has a number of dedicated artists who have invested their lives to continue the legacy of garba generation after generation. \"Garba is our family religion,\" says Sonal Shah (49) daughter of Harshda (72) and Janardan Raval (75), noted Sugam sangeet artists who have done playback singing for garba in about 200 Gujarati films and have received several state-level awards for best garba singing.Sonal, who has inherited the art of music from her parents feels, \"I began to sing at the age of 4 and have been professionally singing garba since the last 30 years.\" Sonal's daughter, Kirtan (24) student of CA, now accompanies her to top-end venues and clubs during Navratri. \"I am thrilled that my daughter too has inherited the art and is taking the family legacy forward,\" she says.Similarly, Ami Patwa (54), founder of Venunaad - one of the oldest garba groups in the city which has put up more than 50 stage shows, says, \"Garba - folk dance forms the real identity of Gujarat and it is vital to continue the legacy of this traditional folk.\" Patwa's daughter, Saloni Patel, a lawyer by profession, has inherited this art. \"I am happy that Saloni is the co-director of this 34-year old group and enthusiastically choreographs garba performances.\"Another proud mom is garba singer Falguni Desai (53), daughter of Uma Oza - one of the popular garba singers of the past. Falguni, who has been singing since last 30 years, has chosen Sampada Desai (19), her daughter as a right heir to take this legacy forward. \"I am inspired by my mother and nani to devote myself to the art of singing garba.\"Student of Dr Monica Shah, Sampada has been professionally singing garba at city's prestigious venues since last five years accompanying Sanjay Oza - her maternal uncle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16776244", "title": "State to get seven food testing labs", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is planning to set up seven food testing laboratories across the state, including one in Nashik.The FDA is also planning 37 mobile laboratory vans across the state. The proposal in this connection has been sent to the state government for its approval. Presently, the FDA has only two labs in the state at Pune and Aurangabad.\"The food samples collected by the FDA are sent to labs of FDA and those of the state health department . According to the law, there is a provision that labs must submit the food analysis report within 14 days. But, the lack of adequate laboratories and manpower is burdensome on the existing labs. Hence, we are planning to set up seven labs in the state, shortly,\" said Mahesh Zagade, FDA commissioner on Thursday.He further said that the FDA had chalked out a proposal of Rs 800 crore for this purpose and sent it to the state for its approval. The proposal includes seven well-equipped and advanced food testing labs and 37 mobile laboratory vans and others.\"Each lab will be set up at the divisional level in the state. We have already identified 2 acres at Adgaon areas of the city for the proposal food testing lab in Nashik and are in the process of identifying the land in other cities. Moreover, around 37 mobile laboratory vans will also be commenced in the state so that the food samples will be tested immediately in time. These vans will include all the advanced equipments required for the food testing,\" he said.As per the new food safety and standard Act, registration and licences have been made compulsory for eateries, all food related shops and vegetable vendors. Around 2.60 lakh shops have been registered and licences have been issued to them so far in Maharashtra. The FDA has extended the deadline for registrations and to take license to February 4, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775182", "title": "Private schools to pay 14thousand each for fee panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate of Education ordered the private schools of Delhi to pay Rs 14,000 each to the DOE toward expenses of the Anil Dev Singh Committee on Thursday. The expenses of the fee-review committee have been calculated till March by when, says the notice, the committee is \"very likely\" to complete its task. The schools have about a week to pay.\"The court had ordered that private schools have to bear 90% of the fee and expenses of the committee. There are over 1,200 public schools in Delhi and they are duty-bound to pay within a week,\" says Amit Singla, director, education. The directorate calculated the amount, factoring in projection for the next three-four months, and arrived at Rs. 14,000 per school.The notice sent states that \"a total of Rs 69.5 lakh has already been paid to the chairman and the two members of the committee till August 13, 2012. In addition, the department has incurred approximately Rs 30 lakh on establishment till date (i.e. the expenditure till date has already reached Rs 1 crore) and thus total expenditure is likely to reach Rs 2 crore by March 2013\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16776801", "title": "24x7 one-way traffic rule to be introduced in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city will soon have a round-the-clock one-way traffic rule. This is expected to help prevent the frequent accidents and traffic congestions that occur now. The 24x7 one-way traffic rule will come into force in and around Mananchira in the initial phase.A proposal in this regard was presented at the road safety meeting of police and regional transport officials held recently. The decision was taken after observing that people weren't following the rule after 8pm resulting in frequent accidents in Mananchira where five roads meet.Though there is a one-way traffic rule in place at SM Street, State Bank Junction, Mavoor Junction, Jail Road and from Manorama Junction to East Nadakavu, at many of these places it is not being followed after 8pm.\"We will introduce the system at Mananchira in the initial phase. A decision on this will be taken at the next meeting of the regional transport officer,\" said district police chief G Sparjankumar. \"We are also considering a proposal to remove the old signboards in the city,\" he said.The system will be extended to other places after ascertaining the opinion of the public and experts in the field. \"We are not in a position to reveal the names of the roads where the 24x7 one-way traffic rule will be introduced. A decision will be taken only after obtaining the opinions of the public, traffic police officials and experts,\" said Sparjankumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16778522", "title": "Police, college management collaborate to curb bloodshed in Panchkula campus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The broad daylight incident of grusome stabbing between two student groups of Government College, sector 1, in Panchkula and it too before district police personnel have raised serious concern about the atmosphere in the college.The college authority had also refused to make any comment on the internal rivalry between students' groups when senior police officials had visited the college during routine checking. The assault was broke out and two youths were thrashed openly in the police presence on October 11. A senior professor with the government college told TOI, \"Lack of security and manpower to check the outsiders in the college is the prime reason behind the attack.Though rivaly was between two groups of B.com classes, more than eight outsiders were also involved in the attack.\" Members of both the groups were entered the premises of economics offence wing (EOW), which is adjoining the building of government college, and also thrashed three policemen. A case was registered at police station sector 5, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bilbao", "code": "16779223", "title": "Another draw for Anand at Final Masters", "text": "BILBAO: World champion Viswanathan Anand's hunt for an elusive victory continued as he was held to a draw by Fabiano Caruana of Italy in the eighth round of the fifth Final Masters at the Alhondiga.The eighth draw in as many games means that Anand is now out of any real title contention in the six-player double round-robin tournament barring a miracle that seems pretty unlikely.Draws, in fact, were the order of the day as other two games in the super tournament also reached the same result.Sergey Karjakin of Russia signed peace with world number one Magnus Carlsen of Norway while Levon Aronian of Armenia suffered before he could split the point with Francisco Vallejo Pons of Spain.With just two rounds remaining now, Caruana and Carlsen remained firmly in front on 13 points in the soccer-like scoring system in place here.Aronian remains the only real threat to the two leaders on 10 points while Anand could only inch himself up to eight with each of his draw fetching just one point.Karjakin remains fifth on six points while Vallejo Pons is at the bottom of the tables having amassed five points so far.It turned out to be an exciting day for Anand barring the final result.Expectedly, Caurana went for the Grunfeld defense that Anand has put to test off late with a typical treatment but the young Italian showed his in-depth understanding in the intricacies to steer clear of any real trouble.The middle game witnessed a quick exchange of queens after which Anand had slightly better prospects which were slowly neutralised by Caruana with exchanges at regular intervals.By move thirty, the outcome of the game was pretty clear as a level endgame was reached and then a couple of forcing exchanges led to a perfectly drawn rook and pawns endgame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16780432", "title": "Prince Harry\u2019s naked pics earn Las Vegas $23 million", "text": "Prince Harry's naked pictures gave Las Vegas 14 million pounds worth of free publicity, as the images were seen by 154 million people.The 28-year-old royal caused controversy when nude photographs of him playing strip billiards with a bevy of beauties were published online in August.According a new report issued by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority (LVCVA) the incident has given the city a major tourism boost as the images were seen by an estimated 154 million people, Contactmusic reported.\"God bless Prince Harry . He made us a bunch of money,\" TMZ quoted LVCVA Board Chairman Tom Collins as saying a recent board meeting.The agency is reportedly unsure of exactly how much the scandal boosted profits, but officials said that there is no doubt that the scandal had a positive effect on their economy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16774377", "title": "JP remembered on birth anniversary", "text": "DHANBAD: Followers of Jayaprakash Narayan and activists of the JP movement on Thursday pledged to follow his ideals to cleanse the political system. They were speaking at a seminar organised at JP Chauk to commemorate his 111th birth-anniversary.The programme was inaugurated by BJP MP from Dhanbad, P N Singh, who said JP had laid the foundation of a pure politics, but during his lifetime, he also faced disappointments. Singh said, \"The Right to Recall of people's representatives recommended by JP was not possible as the Indian electorate was still not mature to follow it. JP in his lifetime also avoided participation in the politics of governance.\"Asok Verma, an activists of 1974 movement hailed decentralisation of governance and recalled what JP had said. Janata Sarkar(people's government) at the village level must bring about decentralization of power and politics. Prof N K Ambastha, Shashinath Tiwari and Hariprasad Lata also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16776579", "title": "No LPG refills from Nov 1 without pre-booking", "text": "PANAJI: The department of civil supplies and consumer affairs has issued a statement mandating that all LPG refills from November 1 will be given only against a refill booking.It further states that refill bookings can be made by consumers through the various systems introduced by the oil companies through their respective distributors.\"The refill cylinders will not be delivered in the absence of a booking, with effect from November 1,\" the department's press note states.It adds that the move is aimed at streamlining the domestic LPG distribution system, making it reliable and judicious. \"These steps have been initiated as several cases of diversion of domestic LPG cylinders for commercial use have come to the notice of the department,\" states the press note. So, starting next month, no delivery of refills will be given by the distributor/agent without an advance booking by the consumer.Consumers should also note that domestic LPG refills are supposed to be 100% home-delivery and no refills will be issued ex-showroom or ex-godown by the dealer, states the press note.It adds that consumers are advised to book their refills in advance to obtain the delivery in time and to also update their details with their respective distributors.The department has stressed that there is no shortage of supply of domestic LPG cylinders in the state. For any assistance on bookings, consumers are requested to contact: (For HP ) 2395997 or toll-free number 18002333555; (for BP) 2438800.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16775107", "title": "No parking in Majestic area for two days", "text": "BANGALORE: Long weekends mean rush and traffic jams. Keeping that in mind, traffic police have banned all private vehicles in and around Kempe Gowda bus station and City railway station on Friday and Saturday in view of the long weekend due to Mahalaya Amavasya that falls on October 15.To ensure smooth flow of traffic on these days, parking of private vehicles has been banned on Dhanvanthri Road, Railway Station Road, Tank Bund Road, Platform Road and Khoday's junction.All buses going to Mysore, Kodagu and Kerala will start from Mysore Road bus terminal; those going to Tamil Nadu from Shanthinagar bus terminal; to Davanagere from Chikka Lalbhagh bus terminal.Parking of transport buses has been restricted to Balekai Mandi, Jakkarayanakere, NGEF terminal and New Peenya bus terminal. Passengers travelling out of Bangalore can take BMTC buses or autorikshaws to come to City railway station or KSRTC bus terminal.Motorists going outside Bangalore are advised to avoid KG Road, Good Shed Road, Sheshadri Road, Subedar Chattram Road, Platform Road, Krishna Floor Mill Road between 4pm and 11pm on Friday and Saturday.Trains to be delayedTwo trains, starting from Bangalore on Friday, will be delayed due to power shutdown for South Western Railway project work between Mallasandra and Gubbi stations. Hubli-Bangalore passenger train will be delayed at Gubbi station in Tumkur from 5pm to 6.35pm on Friday. Bangalore-Shimoga Intercity Express will be delayed at Mallasandra in Tumkur between 5.57pm and 6.35pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16777297", "title": "Expert confirms detection of dengue", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: One of the senior most physicians of the town and a kala-azar expert, Dr T K Jha claimed on Thursday he had detected three cases of dengue at his Bramhapura clinic. One of them from Daudpur Police Lines area was in a serious condition.Dr Jha said a patient having dengue belonged to Bramhapura area while the third patient had come from New Delhi who returned to New Delhi after recovery. He said kits needed for detecting dengue was available with the SKMCH, Muzaffarpur, also. Patients referred to him had been clinically examined and had been found positive. Suspected cases of dengue were being reported in Muzaffarpur for the last 10 days and a few cases had been found at SKMCH too, he revealed. At least 10 patients were admitted there with symptoms of dengue.Dr Jha informed that dengue mosquitoes thrive on small pots of water stored for a longer period. Normal symptoms are high fever with bone-breaking pain all over the body and which is why it is also called bone-breaking fever, Dr Jha added. In serious cases, blood platelet counts come down requiring blood transfusion, he added.Meanwhile, Civil Surgeon Dr Gyan Bhushan said he had not been informed about any confirmed case of dengue in the district so far. It is a viral disease and so long it is not confirmed by the Institute of Virology, Pune, no case can be confirmed as dengue, he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16776110", "title": "Trader shot dead on Howrah road", "text": "HOWRAH: A 50-year-old iron scrap dealer was shot dead in broad daylight on the normally congested J N Mukherjee Road in Howrah's Ghushuri on Thursday morning.The killers took advantage of the fact that the nearby shops were closed as it was Thursday. Had it been any other day, they may not have succeeded in getting away. The dead trader was identified as Bijoy Mahato, a resident of Votebagan. According to locals, Mahato was involved in several criminal activities in the past, but he had turned his attention to business in recent times. The police, however, maintained that he was still considered a strongman in the locality.Two were arrested.In May, 2011, Palash Das, another scrap dealer, was also shot dead close to the spot where Mahato was killed on Thursday. The police suspect that Mahato was part of Das' group. The two arrested persons may also have been business associates of Mahato in the past, the police suspect. The two are suspected to have hired contract killers to bump off the 50-year-old trader.Around 11.30 am on Thursday, Mahato and three other locals were supervising the arrangement of decorative lights for the Mahakal Seva Sangha Durga Puja Committee. The dead trader was secretary of the Puja committee which is well known in Howrah for its decorative lighting. The four men were standing near a tea stall when three youths rode on a motorcycle, got close to Mahato, who was speaking on his mobile, pumped a bullet into his chest and fled. When locals made a rush towards them, the youths fired in the air to scare them away.\"Mahato used to do business at the nearby Bajrangbali Market. He would participate in auctions and sell the scrap at the market. He may have been involved in crime in the past but in the last several years, he was totally involved in business and social activities,\" a local said. Police sources said that cases have been registered against him in the past for extortion and running a satta den.\"My uncle was standing at the crossing of J N Mukherjee Road and Joybibi Road when he was shot. The miscreants were wearing helmets with visors. They came down the Joybibi Road and fled towards the Ghushuri Market. The locals chased them but they fired a few rounds in the air and fled,\" said Mahato's nephew Bigal.The spot is in the Malipanchghara police station area and has several shops and residences. \"The incident occurred barely 200-300 metres from my brother's house in Votebagan where he lived with his six children and wife Pushpa. He would go to the tea stall everyday. The killers knew this. They also knew that many shops would remain closed on Thursday. He was first taken to a nurshing home in Kalitala and then to one on Dobson Road. Finally, when he was moved to the T L Jaiswal Hospital, he was declared brought dead. The killers may have been his business rivals. They may also have been criminals who targeted him as my brother raised his voice against crime in the area,\" said Mahato's 65-year-old brother Babulal.The police have quizzed locals and come to know that the helmet of one of the killers may have shifted slightly when they were leaving the spot.\"We have arrested Akhilesh Singh (45) and Dinesh Gupta (50). We suspect that they are former associates of the deceasedThere seems to have been some dispute between them and the victim some time ago,\" said Rashid Munir Khan, additional deputy commissioner (North), Howrah City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774371", "title": "'Heavy vehicles will not be allowed during puja'", "text": "RANCHI: With Durga Puja only days away, the city's traffic has gone haywire, as people are heading to the markets for last-minute shopping. The traffic administration has chalked out various plans to keep a check on vehicular flow to ensure that pandal hoppers don't face problems. City's traffic superintendent of police(SP), Chadrashekhar Prasad spoke to Kelly Kislaya about their plan of action.What will be your strategy to deal with traffic this festive season?A We have planned to deploy traffic constables and ASIs around the major puja pandals of the city to make sure that people do not face any kind of traffic problem. We have also decided that from Saptami to Dashmi, no heavy vehicles will be allowed in the city from 5 am to 4 am, the next day. Even the movement of private vehicles will be restricted from 4 pm to 4 am on the roads where major puja pandals have been constructed.Will there be adequate provision for parking vehicles, since their entry has been restricted on several roads?Sainik market, Survey Ground, Kishorgunj cowshed, land outside judge colony, New Market tempo stand, a petrol pump between Piska More and Ratu road, Patel Chowk, GEL Church complex, Zakir Hussain Park, Plaza Cinema, Kokar ground, land near Ranchi Lake road, Jila school, and the area from Dangratoli to Sarjana Chowk have been identified for parking personal vehicles.When people come out in droves to go pandal hopping, there is not much space for vehicles to move around. In such a case, how will the fire tenders and ambulance reach the spot in case of an emergency?We will be holding a meeting with the Puja Pandal Samiti members to decide a separate route for the emergency vehicles.People of the city face traffic problems especially due to the garbage bins and vehicles of A2Z waste management company. Have you done anything to deal with the problem ?I have written a letter to senior officials of Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) but they do not take it seriously. I have clearly mentioned in the letter that the dumping vans should not be allowed to come out on streets during the peak hours and also the garbage bins should not be kept in the middle of road but no action has been taken yet.How do you plan to control the traffic situation of the city on normal days given the traffic jams commuters face everyday?My priority is removing the illegal commercial vehicles from the road and we are continuously working towards that. We have seized many vehicles, especially autos in the past few weeks.The city buses and auto rickshaws pick up passengers from the middle of the road and also park anywhere . Why is the traffic administration not doing anything about it?How can we ask them not to? There is no identified stand for the commercial vehicles. I have written to RMC and also to the deputy CEO to identify places to make stands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16777032", "title": "67 model schools to keep getting Centre aid", "text": "GUWAHATI: Sixty-seven model schools in educationally backward blocks (EBB) of the state, along with other such schools of the country, will continue to get financial assistance from the Centre following a nod from the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs on Thursday.According to a government spokesman, the sharing pattern of costs between the Centre and state governments is in the ratio of 75:25. The state has a total of 81 EBBs which are eligible for model schools under the state sector of which 67 model schools have been sanctioned by the human resource ministry.Twenty-four model schools were sanctioned in 2010-11 and an amount of Rs 39.09 crore was given as first installment from the Centre. Thirty-eight schools were sanctioned in 2011-12 and the Centre's share was Rs 63.45 crore. Five more model schools were sanctioned in 2012-13 and the Centre released an amount of Rs 8.35 crore.Dhubri has the maximum number of EBBs. Of the 14 blocks in the district, 13 have been marked as educationally backward. Behind Dhubri is Barpeta district where 7 out of 10 blocks are educationally backward. In Golaghat, Lakhimpur and Jorhat districts, no block is educationally backward.The human resource development ministry has decided to set up 6,000 model schools at the rate of one school per block as a benchmark of excellence. The scheme was launched in 2008. Out of these, 3,500 schools are to be set up in educationally backward blocks through state governments and 2,500 schools to be set up under public-private partnership (PPP) mode in blocks which are not educationally backward. At present, the only component to set up 3,500 schools in educationally backward blocks is operational.The main objective of the scheme is to have at least one good quality senior secondary school in every block. As each school will have 560 students, the total number of beneficiaries for 3,500 schools will be 19.60 lakh students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16776129", "title": "Cong office ransacked in mayor's ward", "text": "KOLKATA: Tension prevailed at Bhutnath Park area in mayor Sovan Chatterjee's own ward (ward No. 131) in Behala after the Congress party office there was ransacked and vandalized on Thursday morning.The Congress supporters were angry as they found the party flag was torn apart and the photograph of Indira Gandhi was broken in two halves. lying on the office floor broken and torn apart on the floor of the office.Alleging the involvement of the Trinamool Congress-backed goons, local Congress leader Aurobindo Bose said that the attacks on the party members have escalated ever since the Trinamool Congress quit UPA at the Centre. This is quite expected, as they have been spreading violence systematically.However, reacting to the incident, mayor Sovan Chatterjee said, \"This is completely fabricated. Why do we need to ransack their office when they themselves are non-existent in the present political scenario. They need a reason to take up fights with us.\" Congress has been trying to quarrel with us on some or the other pretexts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775497", "title": "Centre ramps up security in J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid rising security concerns of panchayat members who have been facing consistent threats from militants in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, the Centre has rushed additional 7,000 CRPF personnel to the state and will deploy more paramilitary forces in near future if required.The fresh deployment \u2014 made during the past fortnight on the state government's request \u2014 will increase the strength of the CRPF to the extent of 75,000 personnel, reversing the policy of reducing footprints of paramilitary forces in the state.\"We have rushed additional CRPF personnel to the state in two batches for law and order duties. The state government wanted fresh deployment in view of growing need of security to panches and sarpanches in vulnerable areas,\" said a senior home ministry official.He said though the government had decided to gradually decrease the footprints of paramilitary personnel in the state, the recent incidents of attacks on panchayat members and growing demand to provide them security at the earliest had resulted in \"reversal of the plan for the time being\".As part of decreasing the strength of the paramilitary forces in the state, the government had withdrawn two battalions (nearly 2,000 personnel) in August, reducing the CRPF's presence from 70, 000 to 68,000 personnel.Besides doing counter-insurgency operations, the paramilitary force also helps state police in other law and order duties, including securing VIPs and vital installations.The decision to send additional forces was taken in the backdrop of recent incidents in which two panchayat members were killed recently by militants.\"Since the state has also issued notification for conducting polls to 143 Block Development Councils (BDC) on November 7, it may require more forces in run up to the elections,\" said an official, adding the home ministry has asked CRPF to keep more forces on standby.The issue of providing security to panches and sarpanches was also raised by nine panchayat members during their meeting with Congress general secretary here late last month. A group of nine panchayat members, under the banner of All Jammu and Kashmir Panchayat Coordination Committee, had demanded security for their fellow members citing threats from militant groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16777034", "title": "Tokay gecko poachers fined Rs 10000 each", "text": "IMPHAL: As per the provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, a local court on Thursday imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 each on two persons for poaching 30 tokay geckos, a rare reptile species native to the state.Manipur Police on Wednesday afternoon rescued the geckos, all young ones, during a regular frisking at Waikhong village in Thoubal district. The geckos were poached from Bupi forest in Churachandpur district.The two accused - Kh Nganba (65) and S Ibomcha Singh (60), both labourers - brought the young geckos from Churachandpur with an intention to rear them, hoping to become millionaires. The reptiles were supposed to be reared at the residence of Ibomcha at Langathel village in Thoubal.Tokay geckos have a high demand in some Asian countries due to their purported medicinal qualities, sources said, adding that a smuggler can easily make up to Rs 20 lakh for a mature gecko weighing 200gm and measuring 14 inches.The two accused, along with the seized geckos, were produced before the court of chief judicial magistrate (Thoubal), said the managing trustee of People for Animals (PFA), Thuobal, Lourembam Biswajeet Meitei.Having established the poachers as guilty under Section 50(4) of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, the court imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 each on the two accused, he said.In a separate petition filed by PFA, the court maintained that the seized geckos should be released at a safe place by Friday evening.\"We, along with Manipur forest officials, will release the geckos at an undisclosed place tomorrow (Friday) by 4pm, as maintained by the court,\" Biswajeet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16777671", "title": "Plan for Kanpur civil airport in progress", "text": "KANPUR: Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal on Thursday wrote a letter to civil aviation minister Ajit Singh demanding a new airport in Kanpur. According to sources, the latter has given assurance to Jaiswal that the needful would be done.The present airport in the city is operating on Air Force land and is categorised Defence Airport. Jaiswal highlighted that due to this reason problems are experienced in augmentation of infrastructure at Chakeri airport. He requested Singh to initiate action to set up an airport at a new location preferably in the east or south directions of the industrial city.In his letter Jaiswal also highlighted the importance of Kanpur as a major industrial hub of north India and also an educational and defence centre, thus needing a civil airport. Sspokesperson for the Coal Minister, Arun Dwivedi, informed TOI that along with demanding for commissioning of a new airport in the city, Jaiswal has also requested expansion of the existing Air Force facility operating at Chakeri.Dwivedi also informed that the coal minister met the civil aviation minister in Delhi on Thursday and discussed with him in detail about the expansion of air services from the existing Chakeri airport. He added that the former demanded a Delhi-Kanpur-Mumbai flight so that the residents of the industrial city got chance to fly to the metropolitan cities. Currently, a flight between Delhi and Kanpur and vice versa is already operational. Ajit Singh on the other hand assured the coal minister to study the demands. He had written a letter to Jaiswal on June 21 in which he informed that the state government had been requested to hand over 50 acres of land identified by the Airport Authority of India free to enable development of civil enclave at Chakeri airport. The letter also stated that state government had also been requested to provide a 4-lane approach road connecting the proposed site.On May 17, Jaiswal had written to the civil aviation minister about upgradation and expansion of Kanpur airport, in reply to which, Singh apprised him about the development of the airport to be done by AAI in phases. In the same context, Jaiswal had written a letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on July 10 for providing AAI with 50 acres of land.If everything goes well, the civil airport at Ahirwan in Chakeri will have a bigger terminal with better and hi-tech amenities for passengers in the days to come. The Airports Authority of India is already planning expansion of Chakeri Civil enclave and has prepared a blueprint for its development, anticipating growth in passenger traffic. The Chakeri Civil airport would be developed in phases as decided by AAI and in the first phase the existing terminal building would be expanded to augment passenger handling capacity. A small visitor's lounge and a new car paking has also been planned.The first phase also includes expansion of the existing apron to accommodate two A-321 type of aircrafts. For this, the Ministry of Civil Aviation has requested Air Force Headquarters to accord working permission for expansion of apron on IAF land for joint use.In the second phase, ultimate development of the civil air terminal at Chakeri airport has been planned and a piece of land measuring 50 acres, adjacent to the airport boundary has been identified for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16776798", "title": "9 held for attacking police station", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police on Thursday arrested nine people including DYFI district president M Girish and Calicut University union chairman M Sameesh in connection with the attack on Feroke police station on the hartal day on August 1.The DYFI workers were protesting against the arrest of CPM Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan in the Shukkur murder case. The protestors, during the march, allegedly pelted stones on the police station. Cases were registered against the accused under the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.Girish and other accused were produced before the judicial first class magistrate (VI), who released them on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16776361", "title": "Experts stress on awareness campaigns to save environment", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A workshop on \"Environmental pollution: A future challenge for agriculture, forestry and allied sciences\" was organised by department of environmental science of forestry and environment of Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture Technology &amp; Sciences (SHIATS) on Thursday. SHIATS pro-vice-chancellor Prof SB Lal presided over the workshop.Inaugurating the workshop, Prof PJ George said environmental pollution should be minimised through awareness programmes. Ram Bharose, in charge environmental science, delivered the welcome speech.Guest of honor Prof RP Singh, department of civil engineering, MNNIT, highlighted issues agitating the minds of agricultural scientists, forestry professionals and environmentalists in regard to use of various fertilisers, agrochemicals and other remedial measures to improve the polluted ecosystems. He stressed that present generation must formulate strategies to reduce the pollution.Chief guest Prof AA Broadway, director research, SHIATS said environmental hazards are a great concern to global scientists. He highlighted the issue of carbon emission and river pollution in the Yamuna along with achievements of the Ganga Action Plan (GAP). B Mehra, associate dean, school of forestry and environment, was the workshop convener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775425", "title": "Man held for 'raping' teenage daughter in front of mother", "text": "MUMBAI: Police on Wednesday arrested a 37-year-old tempo driver for allegedly raping his 13-year-old daughter in front of his wife at Mhada flat at Milind Nagar in Powai. Rashidullah Khan was caught from his house at night after he returned from his daily work. Khan used to threaten his wife and had been raping their daughter in front of his wife on several occasions, told the Powai police.During the probe, the police came to know that Khan had raped his daughter, a class 6th student, more than five times in between July and September. \"We have sent the girl for medical examination. The victim finally gathered courage to lodge a complaint a month after she and her mother left the house and went to stay at their relatives' residence in Mumbra,\" said Powai police senior inspector Bajirao Bhosle.The trauma lasted for three months for the victim before she managed to inform the police. In the complaint, the minor girl said, \"My father raped me first in the month of July. Whenever my mother tried to intervene my father threatened her with dire consequences and raped me in front of her. My mother watched helplessly.\"Meanwhile the accused claimed that he had touched his daughter while she was in deep sleep but did not misbehave with her. Police are awaiting the medical examination report of both the victim and her father who is accused of raping her. \"The accused did not keep the victim and her mother confined in the house. But both of them were threatened and warned not to reveal the incident to anyone. The matter worsened when the accused raped the minor girl for five times. Scared after the incident, the victim's mother left the house and started staying at their relative's home. Their neighbours were unaware about the incident,\" said sub-inspector Hanumant Thodkar.Khan has been booked under IPC section 376 ( rape) and 506 (II) (criminal intimidation).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16775891", "title": "Kolkata Port Trust urges govt to resolve crisis", "text": "KOLKATA: For how long will the crisis at Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) drag on? This question is now doing the rounds within the shipping circles not only in the state but across the country. Since Haldia port serves several other states in the northern and northeastern part of the country and is also the closest one for landlocked countries of Nepal and Bhutan, slightest disruption here causes damage to a number of stakeholders.According to Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) sources, claims by the Haldia Bulk Terminals Pvt Ltd (HBT) that operations at HDC are no longer viable are just an attempt to stall efforts by the port management to create better infrastructure.\"Though the management realizes that HBT is trying to arm-twist it into accepting demands, no harsh steps can be taken as the port also has to consider its revenue. At the moment, there can only be a solution if the state government steps in and orders all stakeholders to behave and resume work at pre-September terms. At a later date, the state can convene meetings to resolve the individual problems of stakeholders,\" a KoPT official said.At present, only berths 2 and 8 at HDC are mechanized. Operations at these berths are handled by HBT. Mechanization results in the handling of more cargo per day and the royalty earned by the port are also much higher. Moreover, gearless vessels can call on these berths.Keeping this in mind and following the Centre's policy to develop better infrastructure at ports, KoPT decided to mechanize berth 4B. HBT was to pitch in by sending two surplus Mobile Harbour Cranes (MHCs) to this berth, which would be operated by some other agency.\"This was when HBT started having apprehensions that it would lose cargo from berths 2 and 8 if 4B got mechanized. This was when the company started making the unreasonable demand of a minimum assured cargo of 9 million tonne per year. The company was fully aware that HDC handles only about 16mt of dry bulk cargo every year. If 9mt of this is to be handed over to HBT, there would be unrest among the other operators. The logic that HBT deserves more cargo as it pays more royalty per tonne doesn't hold good in this case. If KoPT agrees to this condition, there is bound to be a major law and order crisis,\" a KoPT source said.And this is exactly what happened. According to sources, when its demand for an assured volume of cargo was not met, HBT retrenched 275 workers and this is what sparked off a major crisis.\"Nowhere have people been retrenched through SMS. One evening, the workers received SMSes that they need not turn up for work from the next day and three months wages have been deposited in their bank accounts as compensation. All the workers who lost their jobs belonged to the INTTUC. On Thursday, HBT claims that there has been violence but this is untrue. Consider the labour strife that happened at the Maruti car plant in Manesar,\" a labour union leader said.CorrigendumThe headline of the article 'KoPT report 'unilateral', say Haldia dock officials' that appeared on Page 7 of The Times of India, Kolkata, on Thursday, October 11, 2012, should have been 'KoPT report 'unilateral', say HBT officials'. The error is regretted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16776541", "title": "It's advantage Romney: Poll", "text": "Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney holds a narrow advantage over President Barack Obama after the first presidential debate, an opinion poll showed. Fox News post-debate poll, found voters favouring Romney over Obama (46% to 45%), if the polls were held on Thursday - a six-point turnaround and a three-point 'debate bounce' for Romney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16776095", "title": "State ATS knew IM was involved", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-terrorism squad on Thursday claimed that its investigations into the August 1 serial blasts in Pune, too, had revealed the involvement of Indian Mujahideen operatives, but before it could zero in on the suspects, they were nabbed by the special cell of the Delhi police.According to ATS officials, \"The IM's involvement came to the fore while examining the over 1,400 samples of closed circuit television footage seized from across the city.\" The city crime branch examined call details of around 2 lakh cellphones, but it was of not much use for the ATS to crack the case,\" they said.The interrogation of IM operative Syed Zabiuddin alias Zabi alias Abu Jundal, who is involved in terrorism cases in Maharashtra and Delhi, had yielded vital clues in the Pune case. Following the clues, several teams were fanned out in Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi, but the suspects could not be traced,\" the officials said.However, the Delhi police, who were also working on similar clues, succeeded in arresting Asad Khan (33) of Aurangabad, Imran Khan (31) of Nanded and Sayyed Feroze alias Hamza (38) of Shukruwar Peth. \"More IM members are involved in the blasts and we will continue to hunt for them,\" they added.ATS chief Rakesh Maria was not available for comments. The agency's deputy inspector general of police, Sanjeev Latkar, who is supervising investigations in the case, had left for Delhi and was also not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16777055", "title": "Archaeology department team to check stolen cannon", "text": "BHOPAL: The state archaeology department will send a team to Mumbai on Saturday to match the picture of Narwar Fortress's stolen cannon with the one seized by the Dharavi police on October 2.\"We are not yet sure if it's the same cannon. Experts are being sent to verify it,\" said Pankaj Raag, director of the state archaeology department. There is a slight difference in their dimensions, he added.The Dharavi police had recovered 20.5- inch cannon from the possession of Shivpuri-based Pratap Pal Singh, 52, who was allegedly trying to sell it for Rs 1 crore.Singh fell into the trap of Dharavi police after they used a decoy to strike a deal. Singh and two others were arrested.The cannon seized from Singh's possession was similar to the cannon stolen from Narwar Fortress on the intervening night of August 20-21 in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16777184", "title": "UK companies eyeing tier-II cities in Karnataka: British deputy high commissioner Ian Felton", "text": "MANGALORE: Companies from the United Kingdom are looking beyond Bangalore and are keen on investing in tier two cities such as Dharwad, Mysore in Karnataka, said Ian Felton, British deputy high commissioner, Bangalore here on Thursday.Felton told TOI that as 50 percent of India's life science companies are based in Bangalore, UK companies are mainly focusing on tie-ups and investments with companies and organisation in life science, aerospace and information and communication technology sectors.When asked about tie-ups between UK and Indian universities, he said: \"We are giving more importance on education tie-ups because we are concentrating on researches, which will come out as a good commercial venture.\"Two weeks ago, Infosys and Wipro launched apprenticeship programmes in UK. Initially, Infosys will be training 100 individuals and Wipro will be training 50 individuals, Ian said, adding that Atlantic Data Bureau Services Private Limited, a UK-based BPO, which was established in Mangalore some years ago, is planning to expand its business operations and soon the company will also start recruiting.\"The British High Commission is here to help you do bilateral trade and investment. Good news is that we are doing well. Bilateral trade in goods increased by about 20% last year valued at Rs 1.4 lakh crore, with UK exports up by 40%. It is two way and good for both countries,\" he said.More Indian companies invest in the UK than in the rest of Europe. Tata group is now the largest manufacturer and employer in Britain, about 200 Indian companies have invested in the IT sector in UK, said Felton.On visas, he said: \"Finally, we have a visa regime in Bangalore, which supports business. We provide special services for major investors, regular travelers and high value customers.\" Last year 57,000 business visitor visas to UK were issued. Over 95% of those who applied were granted visas and about 75% of these visas are processed within five working days, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16776878", "title": "Spot where Caesar was stabbed found", "text": "LONDON: Researchers claim to have discovered the exact spot where Roman dictator Julius Caesar was stabbed to death on March 15, 44 BC in Rome.Spanish researchers have discovered that Caesar was stabbed right at the bottom of the Curia of Pompey while he was presiding, sitting on a chair, over a meeting of the Senate. Currently, the remains of this building are located in the archaeological area of Torre Argentina, right in the historic centre of the Roman capital.Researchers from the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC) found that a concrete structure of 3m wide and over 2m high, placed by order of Augustus (adopted son and successor of Julius Caesar) to condemn the assassination of his father would be the exact place of Caesar's assassination.\"We always knew that Julius Caesar was killed in the Curia of Pompey on March 15th 44 BC because the classical texts pass on so, but so far no material evidence of this fact, so often depicted in historicist painting and cinema, had been recovered,\" said Antonio Monterroso, CSIC researcher from the Institute of History of the Center for Humanities and Social Sciences.\"We know for sure that the place where Julius Caesar presided over that session of the Senate, and where he fell stabbed, was closed with a rectangular structure organized under four walls delimiting a Roman concrete filling. However, we don't know if this closure also involved that the building ceased to be totally accessible,\" Monterroso said.In Torre Argentina, in addition to the Curia of Pompey, researchers have started to study the remains of the Portico of the Hundred Columns (Hecatostylon). The aim is to identify what connecting links can be established between archaeology, art history, and cinema in these spaces of the death of Julius Caesar.The two buildings are part of the monumental complex that Pompey the Great, one of the greatest military in the history of Rome , built in the capital to commemorate his military successes in the East around the year 55 BC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16777021", "title": "After DHD, peace deal with National Democratic Front of Boroland likely", "text": "GUWAHATI: Just after signing the memorandum of settlement (MoS) with both the factions of DHD, the Centre is now looking forward to a peace agreement with both the factions of National Democratic Front of Boroland (NDFB).The indication came on Thursday when Centre's interlocutor and former Intelligence Bureau chief P C Haldar met the chief of NDFB(R), Ranjan Daimary, inside Guwahati Central Jail.Haldar, who held an hour-long discussion with Daimary, told the media, \"The talks are going well. If both the factions want, then the Centre is ready to sign a peace agreement with them at one go.\" Daimary was arrested in Bangladesh in 2009 and later handed over to India.Haldar also hinted that the Centre is planning to sign the MoS within this year. However, NDFB (Progressive) asked the Centre to clarify the terms and conditions for the agreement before signing it.\"It's not a matter of signing a peace agreement with both the factions. The agreement must have its endorsement from the People's Joint Action Committee for Bodoland Movement. It's not a problem of NDFB factions. Our entire movement was for equal political rights of all the ethnic people who are residing in the Bodoland Territorial Council area. So, every group must have to give a thumbs up to the deal before signing it,\" said NDFB (P) secretary S Sanjaram.The People's Joint Action Committee is an umbrella organisation of 52 local groups of the BTC area.\"Agreements were signed earlier, too, but it failed to improve the situation. That's why we want the ensuing agreement to deal with all the problems of people in the area,\" added Sanjaram. The NDFB (P) faction had once demanded the Centre to change the interlocutor, but the Centre rejected it and asked the outfit to resume talks through Haldar again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "badaun (up)", "code": "16776557", "title": "Undertrial beaten to death in UP", "text": "BADAUN (UP): A 38-year-old undertrial was allegedly beaten to death inside a district jail in Uttar Pradesh following which the district magistrate ordered a magisterial inquiry into it.The postmortem of the victim, Sarfuddin, found that his liver and ribs were damaged, besides an injury on the body suggesting that he was assaulted inside the jail, official sources said.S S Yadav, one of the doctors who conducted the postmortem, said the damage to the liver could have been caused by internal injuries, leading to the victim's death. Jail superintendent R N Upadhyaya said an inquiry would be conducted and those found guilty would not be spared.Sarfuddin, who was accused of killing his wife, was undergoing treatment in the jail hospital since October 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774478", "title": "Congress claims CM complicity in mineral, coal block scams", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The opposition Congress on Thursday alleged that chief minister Naveen Patnaik is scared of referring to the mining scam and controversies surrounding the recommendation of coal block to the CBI because investigation by the central agency would expose corruption in his government.\"The large-scale siphoning of iron ore and other minerals from the state during the present regime and shady deals in the coal block allotment is no more a secret. But it is surprising that the Naveen Patnaik government is still reluctant to hand over the investigation to the CBI when his counterparts in Goa, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh have already done it,\" OPCC president Niranjan Patnaik told media persons here. He said the chief minister had been 'desperately trying to evade the CBI probe because it would expose the reality that is contrary to his claim of transparency in governance and probity in public life'.The OPCC president referred to the controversial OMC-Sainik deal for the Utkal -D coal block and said the government, which initially defended its deal, had to finally cancel the joint venture agreement with the Delhi-based company only after public pressure mounted. \"The development relating to Utkal-D coal block and other mines amply indicate the presence of a number of skeletons in the government cupboard,\" he said. \"Though we had been demanding CBI probe, we are at a loss to know why the chief minister is afraid of it. It is high time he must come clean by facing investigation by the central agency,\" Patnaik said.On the agricultural front, the Congress president said farmers in the state this year have suffered much due to scanty rainfall and increase in input costs like fertilizer, minimum wages, etc. Under the circumstances, the government should consider giving minimum Rs 300 bonus on each quintal of paddy procured from the farmers by the state as done in neighbouring states like Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh. He said during the party's recent statewide padayatra, farmers ventilated their problems and those particularly in irrigated areas faced more problems in view of fertilizer not being available in sufficient quantity. The government has announced to begin procuring paddy from farmers from November 1.Patnaik said the party at its recent executive body meeting has resolved to take up the farmers' issue seriously and cautioned that if the government does not consider giving bonus to the farmers over and above the MSP the Congress would resort to statewide agitation.The OPCC president described the government fixing the new wages for labourers as 'unrealistic' and demanded to reconsider it in tune with the market conditions and after consulting with different organisations. The state government on Thursday fixed the minimum wages for unskilled labourers at Rs 150 a day. Meanwhile, INTUC Odisha unit president and Congress MP Ram Chandra Khuntia has demanded a review of the wage revision decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775849", "title": "\u2018UP governmentt failed to probe land acquisition anomalies\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly one year after the Allahabad high court directed the UP government to institute an inquiry into the anomalies of land acquisition in Greater Noida, a section of area residents have alleged that the court's directives have not been complied with.Alleging that the government acted in collusion with the builder lobby and some UP officials, residents also submitted a five-point memorandum demanding that the entire process of allotment of land for group housing plots should be done through an e-tendering or a transparent auction mechanism. Among other demands, people have called for scrapping the practice of allotting land on eight years installment basis to \"profit-making\" builders, mandating all projects be completed in 3-4 years, and scrapping the practice of allotting group housing plots under consortiums to smaller residential projects.Reacting to the allegations, UP's infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta, said: \"An enquiry has been made into the Greater Noida land acquisition case. I have travelled to the region myself to assess the situation. The findings of the enquiry have been shared with the government and the file has only come back to me a few days ago. Now, it is up to the concerned department to take action against the persons who have been indicted in the report.''Conducted in May 2012, the findings of Gupta's enquiry suggested that several chairmen and CEOs of Greater Noida Authority, appointed between 2002 and 2011, including senior IAS officials, colluded with the builder lobby to acquire land for industrial use, but changed the land use to \"residential\" later. Among the several officials named in the process was former bureaucrat Mohinder Singh, believed to be close to the former BSP regime, but who has now retired from service. Gupta's enquiry was conducted after the Allahabad high court ordered an inquiry in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16776276", "title": "Railways to run special trains between Delhi and Howrah", "text": "In order to clear the extra rush of passengers during festival season, Railways have decided to run festival special train between New Delhi and Howrah. Train number 04008 New Delhi-Howrah festival special train will depart from New Delhi at 12.40 p.m. on October 13, 16, 19, 22 and 25 (5 trips) to reach Howrah at 12.20 p.m. the next day. In the return direction, train number 04007 will depart from Howrah at 5.10 p.m. on October 14, 17, 20, 23 and 26 to reach New Delhi at 06.20 p.m. the next day. The train comprises AC-1, AC-2, AC-3 and sleeper accommodation. It will stop at Kanpur Central, Allahabad, Mughalsarai, Dehri-on-Son, Gaya, Koderma, Dhanbad, and Asansol stations en route in both the directions.Another special train will start run between Gorakhpur and Jammu Tawi from October 15. The train nos. 05043/05044 will run twice in a week between Gorakhpur and Jammu Tawi till November 29 (14 trips). The train will run from Gorakhpur on Monday and Wednesday and from Jammu Tawi on Tuesday and Thursday. The train will run from Gorakhpur at 12:10 hrs to reach Jammu Tawi the next day at 10:25 hrs. In the return direction, the train will depart from Jammu Tawi at 12:15 hrs and reach Gorakhpur at 14:15 hrs the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776328", "title": "New higher agricultural education policy soon", "text": "NAGPUR: With the aim of bringing uniformity in education in agriculture and raising its standard, the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) is conducting an exercise of identifying the lacunae in the system, rectifying them and also setting new quality standards through steps like accreditation to all the universities and their affiliated colleges. Basically the council is working towards a new higher education policy in agriculture.The effort is also targeted at generating better quality and trained scientists, teachers and agriculturists for the country. The initiative stems from the result of a survey conducted by National Academy of Agriculture Research Management ( NAARM) in Hyderabad which pointed out deficiency of at least 50,000 agricultural scientists by 2010.\"Where would we get these scientists from? Surely they have to come from the agriculture universities. Today there are no uniform quality standards in agriculture education. Thus bringing uniformity in agriculture education is the first priority. Though there is a model Act of ICAR, it is not being implemented across the country in right manner. Hence the need for accreditation and upgradation of the colleges and the universities,\" said C D Mayee, one of the members of the ICAR committee and former chairman of Agriculture Scientists Recruitment Board from city.Subjects being debated under the effort include the question of necessity of private colleges and universities in agriculture and their accreditation. At present, the standard of agriculture education has gone down badly. There is no uniformity in course structure and pattern of examination system. Another issue being deliberated on is preventing the disintegration of existing universities. \"The universities could be regional. But not specialized ones (any one field of agriculture),\" said Mayee.Not many people know that there are 120 private agriculture colleges in Maharashtra alone whereas the government colleges are just 10 to 15. This is an extremely uneven distribution of the colleges as these 120 colleges alone are equal to the 40% admission capacity of the country. Most of these colleges do not follow the Maharashtra Council of Agriculture Education and Research (MCAER). National policy would in no way be discouraging private colleges but it will definitely prevent the mushrooming of specialized private colleges. There could be more central agricultural universities along with state universities.Hence, grading the colleges has become a necessity. ICAR will lay down minimum standards for these colleges any universities. Heads are also rolling towards improving the quality of vice-chancellors of agricultural universities. The post today has been reduced to a political appointment and the appointment process is not at all transparent. ICAR committee is working on the option of selecting experts from all over the country in the subject on national level body. State Governors can actually pick the experts from their own state for selecting a VC.Experts are also looking at the option of replacing the first few semesters to complete practical training which would then be followed by theory lessons. This will improve the farmers' interaction with the agriculture universities and also force the students to stay in villages for long enough periods to learn agriculture, identify farmers' problems to decide the direction of research in agriculture and be there from sowing to harvesting to actually experience the nuances of the process. In the last semester, students can take up experience learning in a subject of their choice. This would be called as Rural Agriculture Work Experience (RAWE).\"Education should be the fundamental for better research. But the scenario is very bad today. There are 56 agriculture universities producing 30,000 graduates. But the quality is substandard. Hence, there is a need for overhauling the entire framework of the universities,\" said Mayee. The accredited colleges alone would then be eligible for central government schemes. Universities would also be prompted to generate their own funds for their development. ICAR could also work out a uniform fee structure for the universities and affiliated colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16775810", "title": "10 lady constables for every police station in Haryana?", "text": "GURGAON: Four hundred women personnel would be recruited in Haryana to strengthen the police force in the state, director general of police, Ranjiv Dalal said.Taking into account the recent crime incidents against women, the DGP said that additional chief secretary, home has written to the Punjab and Haryana high court to transfer such cases to fast track court to ensure speedy justice. Each police station in Haryana has 10 lady constables and women lawyers have also been empanelled to facilitate women, the DGP said.Dalal said the protocol of medical examination of rape cases has been fully revised for doctors through the Health Department to ensure effective investigation of such cases. \"CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda has called a meeting of senior police officers to review the steps taken to check crime against women,\" he said.In most cases, the crime against women was committed by those known to them, but being known to victim did not reduce the gravity of the crime, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776948", "title": "Lawyer falls off train near Tiruttani, is run over", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old lawyer practising at the Madras high court died on Wednesday evening after he slipped and fell down from a moving suburban train near Tiruttani, about 80km from here. Police initially could not identify him as the body was badly disfigured.A few passengers told police they had seen the lawyer, S Nagarajan, talking on his mobile phone at the entrance of the compartment before he suddenly went missing. Later, after being informed about some parts of the body on the tracks, police went there and recovered the body parts scattered all over.Nagarajan, who had got married just six months ago, left home on Wednesday morning after telling his family members that he would return after meeting a client, police said.The Arakonam railway police registered a case of unnatural death. \"As his body was disfigured, we failed to trace his identity first. Later, we found a receipt based on which we able to find out who he was,\" a police officer said.Nagarajan's body was taken to the government hospital in Arakkonam. The doctors conducted an autopsy and handed over the body to the family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16777024", "title": "Cops bust racket smuggling red sanders, three nabbed", "text": "CHENNAI: In a scene that appeared to be out of a fast-paced Kollywood movie, the Kancheepuram taluk police on Thursday afternoon chased and nabbed a gang trying to smuggle red sanders from Andhra Pradesh. They also nabbed three people, two 'escorting' the truck carrying the red sanders from behind, and the driver of the truck.Acting on a tip-off, police intercepted a truck near Kancheepuram on Thursday at 2pm. Teams led by Kancheepuram superintendent of police S Manoharan questioned the driver, M Murali (22) of Kolatheri village near Arakkonam, and inspected the vehicle. They found nearly 4 tonnes of red sanders logs, said to be worth about Rs 25 lakh in the international market, concealed underneath a sheet in the vehicle.Then, even as police were questioning Murali, they saw a Fiat Palio car some distance away. Its two occupants had got out and appeared to be \"monitoring\" the inquiry process.As police started towards them, the two, later identified as J Sudhakar (30) of Arakkonam and K Sivaji (45) of Tiruvannamalai, got into the car and sped away. Police personnel, including inspector M Palani, gave chase. The two swiftly abandoned the car near an engineering college and ran into a wooded area behind the college campus.\"We nabbed them after a brief chase and they confessed to having committed the crime,\" police superintendent S Manoharan said.Sivaji and Sudhakar told police they had been assigned to escort the smuggled consignment till Kancheepuram border and to drop the vehicle on the Chennai-Bangalore Highway and that they didn't know anything much about the others involved.\"We learnt that the consignment was being brought from the hills near Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh via Renigunta and Kancheepuram. The smugglers had asked the driver to park the lorry near Vellai Gate on Chennai-Bangalore Highway. The escort team of Sivaji and Sudhakar were asked to follow the vehicle until Vellai Gate where another team was to take the vehicle to Chennai. The two escorting men were promised Rs 10,000 each and the driver Rs 5,000.The three accused have been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16777351", "title": "Paying steep fee is no child\u2019s play", "text": "LUDHIANA: Not only do parents have to look and talk the part, but they also have to drill a huge hole in their pockets to be able to seek school admission for their child. As if the procedure wasn't arduous enough, rising fees has left parents more scared of school than their kids.Admission fees at most city schools ranges from Rs 20,000 to 70,000 and those who have more than one child say the financial burden is tough to handle.And the load is only going to increase as two major implementations by the central government will further increase fees from next academic session. Authorities at premier schools claim implementation of Sixth Pay Commission following which teachers' salary had to be raised and provisions of RTE, which make it mandatory for schools to accommodate children from less privileged background, has compelled them to raise the fees.However, there are certain schools like Sacred Heart Convent School, DAV Public School, KVM and BCM that have maintained the admission fee structure. Neetu Chowdhary, 32, said, \"Seven years ago when I sought admission for my daughter in a private school I paid Rs 40,000 fees. But when I applied for my son's admission this time, it cost me about Rs 73,000. The rise is disgraceful.\"Education has commercialized, said 30-year-old Ruchi Singh of Dugri. \"It's just a business now. No doubt these elite school produce some of the best all-rounders. But even that does not justify the mercenary aim of education now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775611", "title": "Order on bail plea of rifle-snatcher likely on Monday", "text": "MUMBAI: The 37th Metropolitan Court, hearing the bail application of two persons allegedly involved in the Azad Maidan rioting, reserved the orders for October 15.On Thursday, Metropolitan Magistrate P S Rathod was hearing the plea of Salim Choukiya (24), who was seen running away with a policeman's SLR, and Faisal Hussain Shaikh. The two's advocate, Mahesh Vaswani, said, \"Choukiya snatched the rifle from some boys and returned it to the police. The video obtained by cops does not have the full version.\" For Faisal, Vaswani said, \"His friend is seen setting an OB van on fire... so the officers believe he is also involved.\" Objecting to the plea, public prosecutor Kiran Bendkar said the case would be tried by the sessions court and so the application should be rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774814", "title": "Businessman held for Muthoot robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unable to pay back loans and clear electricity bills after huge losses in the business, a 30-year-old businessman had looted the office of a finance company with the help of his friends. Kaushal Chauhan (30) did pay his dues after looting around 14kg gold and cash from the Rohini branch of Muthoot Finance but that could not save him from the clutches of law. He was arrested on Wednesday. His friends are on the run.Police also recovered gold worth Rs 1 crore, Rs 8 lakh in cash and a Tata Safari purchased from the booty, said DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran.On June 22, the account assistant of the Muthoot office in Rohini Sector 7 complained that four armed youths overpowered the guard at gunpoint. One of them also stabbed the guard and another hit him on the head with a pistol. A case was registered and a reward of Rs 1 lakh was announced for any information on the accused.\"On October 10, constable Bijender Singh received a tip-off that an accused would come near Pitampura Metro station in a Tata Safari to meet his contact. Police laid a trap and around 5pm, the car came from the Rohini side and Chauhan was arrested. A school bag with the jewellery was found on the rear seat,\" the DCP said.Chauhan told cops that he was in a financial crunch following the matrimonial dispute with his wife and heavy losses in the business. He was also asked to pay a heavy fine by the discom. His friends Rahul, Amit and Paramjeet assisted him in hatching the plan and arranged the fire arms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777471", "title": "Centre satisfied with JNNURM projects' implementation", "text": "PATNA: The central team of Union urban development ministry on Thursday expressed satisfaction over the progress of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) projects in the state. However, the members felt that urban local bodies needed more coordination to achieve the goal.KK Jodha, additional chief planner, JNNURM, government of India, said, \"We are satisfied with the progress of the projects in Bihar. But we feel that the urban local bodies need to work in coordination with each other.\"He was speaking after the state urban development and housing ministry made a PowerPoint presentation on the utilization of funds and progress of the JNNURM projects in the state.State urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar said, \"The major challenge for Bihar Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation (BUIDCO), the nodal agency to implement JNNURM projects, is the lack of green areas as most of the urban parts are already developed. There are local problems which only the district administration can handle. However, among the 11 projects, six under BUIDCO and five under district urban development agency (DUDA) are in the pipeline.\"The JNNURM includes urban infrastructure and governance (UIG), basic services for urban poor (BSUP), urban infrastructure development scheme for small and medium town (UIDSSMT) and integrated housing for slum development programme (IHSDP). Bihar has already missed the deadline to complete the schemes under BSUP and IHSDP. The Union cabinet committee on infrastructure has given two-year extension to complete the projects under UIG and UIDSSMT.Road and drainage projects in 11 towns of Fatuha, Murliganj, Narkatiaganj, Rosera, Barbigha, Bhabua, Bakhtiyarpur, Lalganj, Chakia, Muzaffarpur and Ara have been undertaken under the UIDSSMT.The funds for the second phase of JNNURM would be released soon. So the officials are trying to complete the backlog of the ongoing projects. \"We are working on e-Governance and soon it would be implemented in the state,\" said S Siddharth, secretary, state urban development and housing department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16775821", "title": "Congress observers will pick candidates for UP Lok Sabha seats", "text": "LUCKNOW: With political preparations for early Lok Sabha polls gaining pace in the capital, the Congress party has decided to depute independent party observers to identify probable candidates for each of Uttar Pradesh's 80 parliamentary constituencies.Sources in the party said observers will be drawn from different states and will arrive in UP to make an independent assessment of individual performances. They will then make recommendations to the party high command, on the basis of which tickets will be distributed. A senior leader of the party said: \"The observers will work in parliamentary constituencies but will not interfere with the zonal set up or the work being done as part of this system. They will, however, work closely with the local and state level leadership to make their assessments.''Following decision in Delhi, work undertaken by the zonal units in the party has also picked up pace, with leaders travelling across districts to make an assessment of the party's strengths and weaknesses. Speaking to TOI, UP Congress Committee chief Nirmal Khatri, said: \"We have given the zonal units two jobs-to evaluate current position of the party grassroots in their respective areas and to brief the masses about larger issues of FDI and petroleum price hike, among others. After the spadework is complete, all eight zonal units will meet to take stock. This will be done after the November 4 rally in New Delhi.''So far, zonal chiefs and their teams have already started travelling across districts, both to understand and identify local issues as well as to assess the concerns within the party. Terming the exercise to go to the grassroots hugely fruitful, Saharanpur MLA and vice president (VP) of UPCC Zone II, Pradeep Chaudhary, said: \"In our initial assessment, we have observed that the Samajwadi Party was able to do well primarily because it took up, aggressively, the anti-populist activities of the former BSP government. Keeping our approach pro-active, we have to ensure the Congress is more visible among the people.'' With Brijendra Singh leading the zone, the next meeting of Zone II will be held in Kairana on October 14. In a similar vein, Rasheed Masood, in charge of Zone I spanning the Western districts of the state will also hold a meeting of the unit's district and city presidents on October 13.Speaking to TOI, VP, Zone 6, covering the eastern districts of UP, Mukesh Srivastava, said: \"We have held a meeting of the city and district Congress chiefs in Faizabad where we identified several local concerns ranging from unavailability of colleges for women or high tension power lines in the midst of villages. These and other issues will allow the Congress party to take up local concerns for which the party can take on the ruling government.'' Mirzapur MLA and VP for Zone 7, Lalitesh Pati Tripathi echoed the views of his political colleagues. \"For us, the emphasis is on strengthening the party's base at the booth and block levels. We are also focusing on disseminating information about various Central government schemes which are still not being implemented in our districts by the state government.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16776940", "title": "Parivartan yatra enters third phase", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Beginning the third leg of Parivartan Sandesh Yatra that will cover northern part of the state, former chief minister and president of Gujarat Parivartan Party equated chief minister Narendra Modi with gangster Dawood Ibrahim.However, Patel received lukewarm response in north Gujarat villages. In this phase of the yatra, which began from Gandhinagar , Patel was flanked only by his party workers, accompanying him in car. A group of workers also took out a motorcycle rally and escorted him to a venue in Mehsana.Patel launched an attack on Narendra Modi saying that BJP had become a one-man party and has deviated from its principles He said that the Gujarat chief minister was a bigger extortionist than underworld don Dawood. Patel claimed that Modi has collected Rs 500 crore from the people forcefully.Citing an example of Morbi's industrialists, Patel said when they refused to give funds to Modi, they were slapped with notices for tax evasion to the tune of Rs 550 crore.The former BJP stalwart also took a dig at Modi's comment on malnutrition among girls in Gujarat. Patel said it is shameful on the part of a chief minister to make such comments when 70% of the women in the state, especially tribal women, were suffering from malnutrition. He called upon the people to vote out Modi, adding that farmers were forced to commit suicide in the state because government failed to give them adequate protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16777186", "title": "Shri Mat will greet you at ATMs", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The next time you visit an ATM or a cinema hall or any other prominent public place, you could be greeted with slides persuading you to cast your vote judiciously. Aiming to increase the turnout of voters in the state assembly elections, the poll officials in Gujarat will launch a campaign through a series of creative advertisements.Sources said, \"A series of such slides have been sent across to the district electoral officers (DEOs) with the instructions to start display and circulation by the next couple of days. The slides will also feature key mascots of the election commission - Shri Mat (Mister vote) and Shri Mati (Miss wisdom).\"Armed with catchy slogans these slides urge voters to turn out in large numbers to exercise their franchise. One such slogan reads,\" Lokshai tamarthi, vote karo garvthi\" (Democracy is by you and you should vote with pride). Another targeting women , particularly the housewives, says: \"Pehle hamara mat parega, baad mein ghar ka chulha jalega\" (We will vote first and only then light the kitchen fire at home).\"We have addressed different categories of voters ranging from collegians to aged and from urban to rural voters. Each of the slides have been tailor-made to target a specific part of the population,\" said an official.\"The emphasis now is on increasing voter participation. We want polling percentage in Gujarat to improve from the 59.7% recording in last assembly elections,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779662", "title": "Pawan Kalyan to romance Nitya Menen?", "text": "Ever since Pawan Kalyan's next project with Trivikram Srinivas has seen light, rumour mongers have been going agog with the names of Samantha, etc. And now Malayalam actress Nithya Menen's name is doing the rounds in the film nagar circles. Sources say that the makers are currently holding talks with Nithya Menen to be paired opposite Pawan Kalyan in his next film.The untitled film, which also accentuates on family values, is likely to go on floors in November. BVSN Prasad, in association with Reliance Entertainment, will to produce the film and an official announcement about the details of this film is expected soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "meerut", "code": "16775875", "title": "\u2018Abductors got scared and let me go\u2019", "text": "MEERUT: A day after he was rescued from the clutches of abductors, BDM director Sudhir Mahajan shared his nightmarish experience with TOI. Traumatized and dazed, Mahajan said that there was no dramatic police operation to rescue him. The abductors lost confidence after finding themselves in trouble and released him by saying not to disclose their identity. Mahajan also shot down rumours of property dispute within the family.\"The abductors felt that they would land in the police net if I was not released soon. After they released me, I reached Sanauta village and contacted the police with the help of locals. Cops then brought me to Meerut,\" Mahajan said.The traumatized Mahajan family has now beefed up security of all family members. \"The police have given me two personnel, but we are beefing up security at our level too,\" he said.Meanwhile, SSP Meerut, K Satyanarayana, said several teams have been formed and raids are being carried out to nab other culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774339", "title": "Metros still using brand name for generic product", "text": "NEW DELHI: The anomaly of a proprietary item figuring in the detailed project report (DPR), introduced by the much-touted Delhi Metro, has been replicated in at least four other cities: Ahmedabad, Pune, Ludhiana and Kochi. This was despite the objections raised by the Centre and a judicial setback suffered by the favored vendor, Patil Vossloh Rail Systems.In a departure from the norm of citing the specifications of a generic product, the DPRs of most of these metros have mentioned a brand name, Vossloh 336, when it came to the requirement of a \"fastening system for ballastless track\". Kochi Metro was more subtle in promoting that brand; its DPR cited a part of the name, \"336\", as if it were a generic term.If the DPRs have been designed to promote a monopoly in the purchase of fastening systems, it is because they have all been prepared by Delhi Metro, which has been contracted to serve as a consultant for all the projects built or planned in its wake. In the case of Kochi Metro, the former chief of Delhi Metro, E Sreedharan, has even been appointed as its \"principal advisor\" with \"full powers\".The practice of singling out Vossloh 336 in the DPR as the only approved technology for fastening systems began with Delhi Metro, the pioneer in the field. The profiteering inherent in the arrangement came to light because of the policy decision to build the Delhi airport line on a public-private-partnership (PPP) basis. The private partner, Reliance, was able to bring down the expenditure on fastening systems to Rs 50 lakhs per kilometer from the norm of Rs 80 lakhs per kilometer negotiated by Delhi Metro, both with the same Patil Vossloh.The corrective action taken by the Ministry of Urban Development to end its monopoly was challenged by Patil Vossloh before the Delhi high court. In its verdict delivered last month, the high court dismissed the vendor's plea to retain its monopoly. The judgment clipped the wings of Delhi Metro as it upheld the Centre's decision to open up competition in the procurement of fastening systems without compromising safety. The high court rejected Delhi Metro's bid to dress up its cozy deal with Patil Vossloh as a safety imperative.Chennai Metro is the first one to have broken away from the monopolistic situation created by Delhi Metro in the course of its consultancy service. For a good part of its network, it sourced fastening systems from another vendor, Pandrol, which had been cleared by an independent agency called Research Design and Standards Organization. It remains to be seen if other metros will follow Chennai's example as it has been vindicated by the Delhi high court verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16777204", "title": "EC allots time to parties for broadcast", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission (EC) on Thursday allotted broadcast and telecast time to political parties for carrying out their election campaigns on Doordarshan and All India Radio for coming assembly elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh.The Commission has decided to extend the equitable time-sharing scheme on the electronic media through Prasar Bharati Corporation and the use of broadcast and telecast time will be available only to national parties and recognised state parties in the polls.The facility will be available from Regional Kendras of All India Radio and Doordarshan and in the headquarters of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh and relayed by other stations within those states.The EC has said a base time of 45 minutes will be given to each national party and recognized state party uniformly on the Regional Kendra of Doordarshan network and All India Radio network in the two states.The additional time to be allotted to parties has been decided on the basis of performance of parties in the last polls, the EC held.No party will, however, be allocated more than 15 minutes in a single session of broadcast and time vouchers will be issued in the denomination of 5 minutes to each of the six national parties - BJP, Congress, BSP, CPI, CPI-M, and NCP.BJP has got the maximum of 191 minutes in Gujarat and 175 minutes in Himachal Pradesh for each of broadcast and telecast, opposition Congress has got 158 and 161 minutes in the two states.The period of broadcast and telecast will begin on the last date of filing the nominations and will end two days before the date of poll.\"There will, however, be no telecast or broadcast during the 48 hours preceding the close of polls as per specific provisions of the Representation of People Act, 1951,\" the EC said in an order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16774831", "title": "They came 3 weeks back with huge bags, didn't mingle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around three weeks back, residents of GD block in Pul Prahladpur area of southeast Delhi - near Tughlaqabad - spotted two young men moving into a newly-built apartment in the neighbourhood. It didn't create a stir, till on Thursday Delhi Police alleged that the two men, Asad Khan (33) and Imran Khan (31), were the ones who carried out serial blasts in Pune this August and were going to target the capital now. \"Were they going to make bombs here? They looked like gentlemen,\" exclaimed a resident, who didn't wish to be identified.The special cell of Delhi Police had been closing in on the duo for almost two weeks but the residents got wind of it only on Thursday morning when the cops finally took away their stuff from the flat in a tempo after sealing it.People in the area said the two had arrived around September 20 to stay in the two-bedroom accommodation on the second floor of the apartment which had been rented for Rs 6000. The four-storey apartment has two flats on each floor and there are families on the first and third floor as well. The neighbours said that initially the two got folding cots and some utensils and later that day a tempo arrived with some bags. \"There were 7-8 men and they had huge black suitcases and bags. They left and we never saw them again. One or two people though kept visiting %the apartment at night,\" said a resident.They told the people around them that they were brothers. \"The one who looked younger said he had come to pursue his studies and his brother worked in a private company. They had a fixed routine. They left early morning around 7 and came back in the evening. Sometimes, they would return home around 4pm or a little later. They never mingled with anyone. They were strange,\" said another neighbour.The chowkidar outside the apartment too was shocked to know that the cops had said they were terrorists. \"They had come through an acquaintance who introduced them to the owner. They had given their identity cards and photographs to the owner. They seemed to be quite sober and spoke to us nicely. One of them told me to clean the house, saying they were going to shift the next day. I did that and the next day my wife went to do the cleaning,\" he said.\"After September 26, the cops must be visiting the flat in plain clothes. At night, we could see people in the house. Maybe, they were kept there and the cops used them to nab the third one,\" said a resident.The police have taken note of the fact that they chose to hide in a place like Pul Prahladpur, a lower middle class area where petty crime thrives. \"The place where the apartment is located has a market around it and lower middle class people live there. But there are these apartments coming up where the locals believe educated and rich people would stay. I think their contact, Rajubhai, who arranged for the house, is quite familiar with the topography and knew that the cops would not easily suspect a place like this to be the hideout of terrorists. People need to be more vigilant in all parts of the city. Tenant verification needs to be done and suspicious movements reported immediately,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776359", "title": "Nagpur University employees on deputation in Gondwana University ordered to return", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite stiff opposition from employees, Nagpur University has formally issued orders to recall seven of its staff who are working on deputation in Gondwana University. They have been told to rejoin NU as early as possible though rules suggest that they can stretch it up to a period of three months. If they fail to return after that, NU can serve them notice. PRO Prashant Mohite confirmed the development but refused to comment further.Senior officials, however, disclosed that NU registrar Ashok Gomase had officially dispatched a letter to GU registrar Vinayak Irpate asking him to relieve these employees who are on deputation. He cited shortage of staff in NU as the reason behind the recall.Defending university administration's action, they said that NU was facing severe problems in administration department as collector Saurabh Rao had deputized 20 class-III employees towards updating the voters' list for the elections. Even after many requests the collector refused to entertain them citing that he had acted on government orders.Gomase had earlier told TOI that except GU finance officer BS Rathod, who was appointed by the government, all seven will be recalled. They include - deputy registrar Manish Zodape, assistant registrar Kailash Jadhav, superintendents Rajendra Pathak and Vinod Dhabekar, selection grade clerks Vilas Pancham and Arun Hatwar, and upper division clerk - Anand Meshram.NU officials blamed the government for the mess. They pointed out that the government has failed to fill up large number of vacancies in the university. To add to the woes, the government has also reduced NU's employees' strength to 864 from over 1100 citing students-employees ratio. According to varsity employees, government's reasoning is \"absurd\".\"We have 52 departments and all of them require non-teaching staff. But the government has sanctioned the strength on the basis of four lakh students in NU. How will these departments run only on the basis of teachers?\" one of them asked.Another added that NU had already approached the government to sanction additional 350 posts to tide over staff crunch which is severely affecting the efficiency of the university. \"As there is no other way out, we have to call them back,\" he said.GU registrar Vinayak Irpate stated that they will not stop the employees from leaving. Earlier, he had threatened to lodge a complaint with the state government terming NU's action as \"an act of vengeance\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "16775999", "title": "Woman gang-raped near Haldia port", "text": "Haldia: A 27-year-old woman was allegedly gang-raped by some miscreants at Haldia port area in Chiranjibpur under Haldia police station jurisdiction on Wednesday night when she was waiting for a bus with her brother-in-law. Haldia Police on Thursday arrested three youths on the basis of a description given by the victim.The woman, a resident of Sutahata in Mohanpur, went to consult a doctor with her brother-in-law. On her way back, she went to relieve herself to a bush near the desolate bus-stand from where they were to catch a bus to return home.\"The three youths, who were in inebriated state, saw the woman while passing over the area. They held her from behind and gagged her. The woman's screams drew her brother-in-law, who was standing at the bus-stop, to the spot. But before he could come to her rescue, she was bodily lifted to an abandoned house, where she was raped by the miscreants,\" said sources.Her brother in-law screamed for help sensing that his sister-in-law was abducted. Some locals came to his rescue and started looking for the woman. After half an hour, they found her in a semi-conscious state at the house with no clothes on her body.She was then taken to Haldia police station, where the officials took detailed description of the accused and launched a search operation. On Thursday evening, police arrested three youths. \"The youths have confessed to have committed the crime. The accused were identified as Mihir Mondal, Haradhan Basak and Chandan Das. They will be produced before the SDJM court on Friday,\" said Purba Midnapore SP Sukesh Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16774625", "title": "Sharmila's walkathon from October 18", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sharmila, the sister of YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy, is to embark on a 3,000km padayatra on October 18 to counter the political oblivion that her brother is facing due to his confinement in Chanchalguda jail. Sharmila's march will begin at Idupulapaya in Kadapa district and end in Srikakulam district's Icchapuram.The padayatra, titled 'Maro Prajaprasthanam' after the one undertaken by former chief minister the late YS Rajasekhara Reddy in 2003, will cover all the regions of the state including Telangana. Incidentally, it would be the third mass contact programme to be occurring simultaneously in the state. While TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu has already begun his 'Vastunna Meekosanam' padayatra which is to culminate on January 26 next year while chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is in the middle of his Indiramma Baata programme.The announcement to this effect was made by YSR Congress honorary president Vijayamma after the party held a meeting of its political advisory committee on Thursday. Earlier in the day, Vijayamma had called on Jagan at Chanchalguda jail and sources said that the latter had agreed to the idea of his sister undertaking the padayatra.While Sharmila would lead the yatra through its entire career, Vijayamma and Jagan's wife Bharathi would take part during certain segments. \"Carrying forward the legacy of YSR, who reached out to the masses through his padayatra, the party has decided to take out the walkathon which Sharmila will lead,\" said Vijayamma.Party sources said it had originally been Jagan's plan to lead the padayatra. However, with the Supreme Court making it clear that the party president should not seek bail for some more months, it was decided to push Sharmila to the forefront.\"Jagan wanted to launch the mass contact programme. The rejection of his bail application has not deterred him. Jagan will take over the padayatra once he comes out on bail. Till then, Sharmila will lead,\" said Vijayamma. She added that the march would seek to expose the unholy nexus between TDP and Congress which have unleashed a witch-hunt against Jagan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779005", "title": "Music Review: Jab Tak Hai Jaan", "text": "Scoring a Yash Chopra film means A R Rahman doesn't reinvent the roadmap here; he only recalibrates the routes that must eventually lead to unmistakable YRF destinations. Think emotionally-blackmailing daflis.Rahman rolls in with the mint fresh sound of Challa , dressed elegantly in groovy flourishes of acoustic guitar, jump-hop bass and punchy drums. Rabbi's voice brims with soul and sincerity as he courses through a delightful melody that meanders through the verses before joining the sunshiny hook. Gulzar's sublime poetry and Rahman's live-jam treatment mines the finest out of Rabbi.Saans trails in ominously with tense synth stabs and Shreya Ghoshal stretching the first saans till a steady flow of violins, flutes and drum beats resuscitate the romantic ambience. Mohit Chauhan sounds a little out of sorts here, but Shreya's husky lows and silken highs make the most of this freefloating melody. However, its potential is spoiled by filmi dafli beats. More on that later.Shreya's spread-out reprise version is likely to underscore a sentimental high-point in the film. The percussion-powered Ishq Shava is a youngblooded dance number whipped up deftly in a flurry of mandolin and Arabic instruments like  oud and saz. Raghav Mathur and the fabulous Shilpa Rao crank up the zest.Bursting forth from the same space is the riotous instrumental Ishq Dance . Heer emerges out of a sea of reverberating strings and Harshdeep Kaur's flawless singing marked by heart felt y e a r n i n g . Gulzar's brilliant, evocative lyrics are centered on the star-crossed love story of Mirza-Sahiba.More strings burst forth in the spunky guitar refrain that fires up the high-energy Jiya Re. Neeti Mohan sounds quite the wild child on this. The strings-flute-bass combo helps build the chorus progression, and in verses, the song breaks out in multiple patterns only to merge suddenly. Towards the end, Rahman puts racy synths to duel with Neeti's vocals and ends it on a sweet high.Mellow piano notes fittingly transform into a grand symphonic canvas for the title track. On this, Javed Ali paints all shades of undying commitment with his toasty vocals. But once the tablas kick in, you can sense the tune taking a Y-turn; to the Yash Chopra territory that is. Shakthisree Gopalan sings pleasantly, and the track finishes dreamily with delicious vocal and synth swirls.To accompany SRK reciting the now-popular poem, Rahman designs a soaring, strings-charged arrangement that sounds pretty international. So what's with the darned daflis that just won't quit? With the exception of Heer, they ruin what ever they force themselves into. Knowing Rahman's evolved taste, their liberal use seems mysterious. And we refuse to believe Aditya Chopra has insisted upon them...cough cough.That said, little can smudge Rahman's adorable portraiture of love, longing and other such complexities of life, lyrically aided by Gulzar's musings. Though not as free-spirited as Rockstar, Jab Tak Hai Jaan is engaging; an adorable, even if somewhat syrupy, soundtrack in its own love-struck space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16776007", "title": "India steps up cross-border surveillance against polio", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has stepped up surveillance against a cross-border invisible enemy of a different kind, polio.India, which shares a porous border with some of its neighboring countries like Nepal , has been afraid of importing the crippling wild polio virus.India has identified 81 vaccination points right along the Indo-Nepal borders, all of which fall in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.Oral polio vaccination is being conducted at these points on all children aged five years and below.Vaccination booths have also been set up in 11 major high traffic railway stations in Bihar.India has also set up vaccination booths at Chakdabagh (Poonch) and Kaman (Baramullah) in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Munabao railway station in Rajasthan's Barmer district and at Wagah border and Attari railway station in Punjab to administer polio drops to all children coming in from Pakistan.Union health ministry's latest data shows that along the Indo-Nepal border, vaccination was administered on 1.5 million children in Bihar, and around 0.96 million in UP.\"We vaccinated nearly 2.66 million children five years and below from April, 2011, till now along the Indo-Nepal border. In booths along the Indo-Pakistan border, we have vaccinated 3,596 children from September, 2011,\" said a health ministry official.A historic resolution by the World Health Organization (WHO) declared polio a global health emergency in the World Health Assembly in May.The threat of importation has been worrying countries across the world. The WHO document on polio prepared for the WHA and sent to India's health ministry says Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan - the only three polio endemic countries have seen a significant increase in new cases in 2011 compared to 2010.This year, Pakistan has already reported 40 cases of polio, Nigeria (90) and Afghanistan (19).In 2011, Nigeria saw a 185% increase in cases compared to the previous year. Afghanistan and Pakistan experienced a 220% and 37% rise, respectively. Besides, Nigeria and Pakistan were the only two countries with confirmed circulation of the P3 virus strain since September, 2011.WHO recently urged member states with poliovirus transmission to declare such transmission to be a \"national public health emergency\", requiring the development and full implementation of emergency action plans, to be updated every six months, until such time as poliovirus transmission has been interrupted.It has also urged member states to maintain very high population immunity against polio viruses through routine immunization programmes and, where necessary, supplementary immunization activities.\"Maintain vigilance for poliovirus importations, and the emergence of circulating vaccine-derived polioviruses, by achieving and sustaining certification-standard surveillance for polioviruses,\" the board says.Sir Liam Donaldson, chair of the Independent Monitoring Board, said, \"Tackling the remaining one percent of polio is the greatest challenge yet, but it can be achieved if the funding and political commitment is there. Achieving this goal would be an immense triumph, making polio the second disease ever to be wiped from the planet. Failure would be a global health catastrophe.\"Compounding the problem is the finance gap that is plaguing the polio fight.WHO says the world is short by $1,090 million against an overall budget of $2,230 million. It says, \"Already in the first quarter of 2012, an insufficiency of financing required some emergency eradication activities to be scaled back in 24 at risk countries. In line with the development of the Global Polio Emergency Action Plan 2012-13, a new more efficient strategy is being examined which would combine the eradication of the residual wild poliovirus transmission with the polio endgame strategy.\"WHO had earlier said that travelers to and from Pakistan should be fully vaccinated, and travelers to the country who in the past have had three or more doses of OPV should have another one before they travel.\"Some countries require travelers from Pakistan to be fully immunized against polio before they grant an entry visa,\" it had added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16777479", "title": "Airport authority may gift Perunelli a new fish market", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Airports Authority of India is looking at constructing a modern fish market at Perunnelli near Muttathara as part of its corporate social responsibility (CSR) activity. The authority has initiated talks with the Loyola College of Social Sciences to undertake a baseline study for the project, which will also help it contain the bird menace at the airport.The Department of Public Enterprises had issued revised guidelines in April 2010 to be followed by profit-making PSUs to donate a part of their income for social projects as part of the CSR activity. \"The DPE circular states that there should be no duplication of the CSR project with either central, state or local government initiatives, and the AAI has been grappling with bird menace at the airport. So we decided to go ahead and construct a sheltered space and a waste disposal unit to contain the issue,\" an AAI official said.Fr Joye James, who is part of the project, said he had visited the market site along with his colleagues from Loyola. \"It could be done. Our initial estimate was about people and we realised that there are 55 people engaged in selling fish between 8 am and 11 pm and 48 vegetable sellers. There is 21 cents and we need to work this out carefully,\" he said.The Loyola College team will take 10 days to compile data from a questionnaire and hold focused group discussion while the AAI officials will work in the field, handing out questionnaires and meeting people to explain the project. \"The corporation has been informed and they have no objection with our CSR project. The finance, engineering and operational departments will execute the project. Ancillary services like solid waste management will also be incorporated in the project study,\" the official said.A biogas plant can generate electricity and this will help in operating the market even after sunset, Fr James said, adding that he was awaiting the final word from AAI on the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16774902", "title": "Boy commits suicide with webcam on", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class XI student committed suicide by hanging himself at his house in Chennai's Villivakkam on Wednesday, with the webcam on his laptop recording it.Police tried to open the video, but they don't have the password, as the laptop was locked after a time lag. They are also trying to find out if he had posted a suicide note online. He might have been chatting with someone online, police said.Sundar Prabhu, 14, a student of a school in Anna Nagar, had locked himself in his room. \"He had flunked in four subjects in the recently concluded quarterly exams and the school had asked him to bring his parents on Thursday. We suspect that he feared his parents would scold him, and ended his life,\" a police officer said.Police said Prabhu appeared upset earlier in the day, and his mother, Banumathi, asked him for the reason. A little later he locked himself up in a room and hanged himself to death using a rope. After knocking on his door several times, his mother peeped in through the window and found him hanging. She informed her husband Subburayalu, a commercial tax officer, who called the police.His body was sent for a postmortem examination. \"He could have shared his decision to end his life with some friends online. We are trying to talk to his friends to find the reason,\" the officer said. \"We have taken the laptop from the boy's room. The battery was down and the laptop is password protected,\" said Villivakkam inspector Gladson Jose.Police have registered a case of unnatural death under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16777719", "title": "Cops introduce senior citizen helpline", "text": "VARANASI: Apart from their regular responsibilities of creating fearless atmosphere for women and tourists, men-in-khaki are all set to take a noble initiative to provide immediate assistance to the senior citizens just on a telephone call.The Varanasi police are introducing Senior Citizen helpline and Tourist helpline apart from adding edge to the women helpline. According to SSP, BD Paulson, the modernized control room for these three helplines has been created in his office premises while separate phone numbers have also been procured. These helplines would be operational from Saturday, disclosed Paulson while talking to TOI on Thursday.The Senior Citizen helpline is an innovative initiative in the district as the women helpline and groups like tourist police already existed here, though they could not prove effective as per the expectations of the target sections.Paulson said the concept of senior citizen helpline developed after witnessing an increase in the number of elderly complainants. In most of the cases, it was noticed that on finding senior citizen or elderly couple alone, efforts were made to pressurise or terrorise them to sell off their property, said the SSP adding, many old couples are living in a state of fear as the anti-social elements knock their doors late in night or odd hours. In such circumstances, the senior citizens can seek immediate help by calling the cops on the helpline number introduced for them. The services of tourist helpline will also be available round the clock, said Paulson. In the case of attack or misbehaviour, chain or purse snatching, duping, teasing or sexual harassment of women tourists, the tourists can seek help of police by calling on the tourist helpline.SP City, SK Singh said the women helpline is being revived and efforts are being made to ensure police assistance within seven minutes in the city area and in maximum 15 minutes in rural belt after receiving a call on the helpline number.The women can call on helpline number in the cases like chain or purse snatching, eve teasing, molestation bid, insulting publically, loot, misbehaviour in the name of ragging at educational institution, harassment of widow, harassment at workplace, on receiving obscene SMS, MMS or emails.The officials made it very clear that all these helplines are being introduced to seek timely assistance of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16777747", "title": "Meeting discusses civic issues", "text": "VARANASI: Wary of issues like noise pollution and encroachment during the forthcoming festive season, members of a local NGO, Satya Foundation, held a meeting with officials, religious leaders and locals in Mehmoorganj area on Thursday.GN Khana, SP (Traffic), who attended the meeting, said action would be taken against people causing excessive noise pollution. Pandit Manu Dev Bhattacharya, former faculty member at Sampurnanand Sanskrit University (SSU) said as per proper rituals, the process of immersion of idols should be conducted before sunset.Installing pandals in the middle of the road or foot pavement not only leads to several problems for people but also disregards the deity adorning the pandal.Dr KC Gupta of Indian Medical Association (IMA), Dr Alok Bharadwaj, secretary, IMA, Batuk Nath Maurya, senior advocate and several others were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16774513", "title": "School to close down after assault on headmistress", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The district education officer (DEO) of Jharsuguda has suggested de-recognition of Indira Gandhi Memorial Girls' High School in the district after its headmistress was assaulted by women of a local self-help group in full public view on Wednesday, sources said on Thursday.Some women allegedly dragged headmistress Sushama Nayak out of the school building and beat her up mercilessly, police said. Police suspect they had a grudge against her as the school management removed them from serving mid-day meal (MDM) in the school.Assessing the situation on Thursday, DEO Sangram Keshari Sahu recommended de-recognition of the government-aided school, which teaches students from Class VIII to Class X, he said. \"The school has been problematic for more than last one year. Besides, there are just 24 students in the three classes, though it should have at least 120 students to be eligible to avail government grant. I have recommended the district collector to de-recognize the school,\" Sahu told TOI.Sahu said the students of the school would be admitted to a nearby school, located 50 metre away. The state government would decide the fate of the staff, he added. The school has eight staff members.Sources said with change in management of the school a few months ago, the school removed the SHG which was running the MDM programme at the school and brought in another group. Only class VIII students get the meals from the government as the scheme is for students up to Class VIII.Members of the removed SHG had locked the school in August accusing the headmistress of irregularities, and pressed for her transfer. After running the classes on the school verandah for a few days, the school management got the school opened by breaking the lock in the presence of the local tehsildar on Thursday. Minutes later, around eight to 10 women barged into the school and attacked the headmistress for \"daring to open\" the school, police said, quoting her complaint.Members of the SHG too have filed a counter complaint alleging highhandedness of the headmistress. \"We have received two complaints from both the parties. Investigation is on,\" said Jharsuguda town police station in-charge U S Maharana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16777786", "title": "Times Auto Expo to kick off on October 13, 14", "text": "MADURAI: Be there to catch the best automobile brands zooming into town, test drive super bikes, enjoy a photo op with a Honda super bike, take a ride on the Honda off-roader and have fun in the kids zone at the Times Auto Expo on October 13 and 14. Organised by the Times of India in association with Honda at the Gandhi Museum ground, the auto expo will have 15 of the world's top automobile brands on display like Audi, Volvo, Skoda, Volkswagen, Nissan, Hyundai and Renault. Some of these premium car brands do not have a showroom in Madurai and the expo is expected to be an exclusive avenue to pick one.Visitors can have a glimpse of the Honda VT1300 CX superbike displayed for the first time in Madurai. Kids can have a fun drive on the Honda CRF 50. Besides a fun-filled kids zone for entertainment, the expo will also have a food court to treat the taste bugs of the denizens of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16776099", "title": "Indian Mujahideen men tried thrice to avenge Qateel's murder", "text": "PUNE: The three Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives arrested in Delhi on Thursday had made three attempts to plant a bomb on the premises of the Yerawada central jail and a local court in Pune.The suspects, Asad Khan, Imran Khan and Sayyed Feroze alias Hamza, also wanted to kill the family members of gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao, who killed IM man Qateel Siddiqui in Yerawada jail on June 8.They could not plant bombs at the two places because of high security while the plan to kill relatives of Mohol and Bhalerao was dropped because they were unable to identify the relatives.Iqbal and Riyaz Bhatkal, the key IM operatives who were involved in a string of terror attacks across the country, finally decided to carry out the blasts at a public place in Pune or Mumbai. Tentatively, they had decided to carry out the blasts in the first week of July. But the date was postponed. In the second week of July, Feroze rented a flat at Kasarwadi in Pune. The Delhi police said on Thursday that two more IM members (names withheld) visited the flat and deposited explosives and other incriminating materials.Feroze and his associates purchased digital watches, circuit boards and other electronic items needed for making improvised explosive device (IED) from a market in Budhwar Peth. Imran had brought ball bearings from Nanded. Meanwhile, IM members did a recee in Mumbai, but the Bhatkal brothers decided that the blasts would be carried out in Pune.On August 1, they purchased three bicycles, fitted them with IEDs and parked them at different places on JM Road. The IM received Rs 3 lakh from their mentors abroad through hawala for completing the work.Siddiqui, whose murder happened to be the trigger for causing the blasts, was strangled to death by Mohol (42) and Bhalerao (22) inside the high security 'anda' cell of the Yerawada jail on June 8. Siddiqui was arrested by the Delhi police on November 22 last year for planning terror attacks in Bangalore, Delhi and Pune. He was handed over to the Maharashtra ATS on May 3 for investigations into an attempt to plant a bomb near the Dagdusheth Ganapati temple on February 13, 2010 - the day of the German Bakery blast in which 17 people were killed.The Yerawada police's chargesheet filed before the court on September 5 had said that Siddiqui, 27, during a conversation with Bhalerao, had boasted about making a second attempt to plant a bomb at the Dagdusheth Ganapati temple if he was released. Bhalerao told Mohol about Siddiqui's tall talk, following which the duo conspired to murder Siddiqui.The chargesheet said that on June 8, Mohol and Bhalerao walked into Siddiqui's cell between 9.45 am and 10 am. Mohol used two drawstrings from a pair of shorts to strangle Siddiqui while Bhalerao held him by his legs. Later, they burnt the drawstrings to destroy evidence. Additional sessions judge N P Dhote is expected to frame charges against Mohol and Bhalerao on October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775874", "title": "Govt free to decide policy on allocation of resources: Narayanasamy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Underlining that auction could not be the only way to allocate natural resources, minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy on Thursday said government has every right to decide the policy for allocating resources while keeping in mind the common man's interest.Taking a potshot at the demand for auctioning natural resources, the minister said, \"Oxygen is also a natural resource. Water is also natural resource... If you auction oxygen, then every man and woman should have a monitor in their nose.\"He added, \"Elected government has to decide the policy. They should see the welfare of the people. We should not make same policy for everybody for everything. The policy government decides in the interest of the people, the public interest, the common man's interest. While implementing the policy, if someone commits blunder, punish but not the whole system. The government has got every right to decide.\"Speaking at the valedictory session of the annual conference of CBI and state anti-corruption bureaus, Narayanasamy said the country needed iron, cement and steel for infrastructure development and if iron ore was auctioned, the needs would not be fulfilled because of skyrocketing prices.\"Undue advantage should not be given to anybody. People should not tinker with the system. Within the system, if the common man is benefitted, yes, the bonafide decision should be protected. There is fine difference between bonafide and malafide decision,\" he said.Earlier, speaking during the session, CVC Pradeep Kumar also advocated that natural resources allocation should be guided by common good. \"The touchstone of the appropriateness of any policy on the allocation of natural resources is constitutional mandate of the common good,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776917", "title": "Overwork, stress telling on cops; senior officer collapses in vehicle", "text": "CHENNAI: Lack of adequate rest and the stress are telling on police personnel in the city. Even senior police officers, not just lower level policemen, are affected by this.On Thursday, in just the latest incident, T Nagar deputy commissioner of police R Sivakumar collapsed while sitting in his vehicle in the Poes Garden area where he had been posted. His driver immediately informed senior officers and Sivakumar was taken to a hospital in Teynampet.Witnesses said the DCP appeared very tired when he came to Poes Garden. He was overseeing the arrangements from a point on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai to Poes Garden where chief minister J Jayalalithaa's convoy was expected.Irregular working hours and the strain are a constant problem for police personnel in the city. Sources said Sivakumar had already been deployed for patrolling for two continuous nights in the past one week. On Wednesday morning, after completing the second round of night patrol, he rushed to K K Nagar, where a mason, Ellappan, was murdered.\"Throughout Wednesday, the DCP continued working as special teams were formed to solve the murder of the mason. Police narrowed down on the accused early on Thursday. DCP Sivakumar personally questioned the accused who confessed to having committed the murder. The inquiry continued till Thursday morning when he was asked to report for bandobust duty,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile, sources in the hospital where he was admitted said Sivakumar's condition was stable and that he had been administered intravenous fluids. He had recently been promoted from additional superintendent of police to superintendent of police and posted as DCP in T Nagar. His predecessor in the city's commercial hub, M Ashok Kumar, had been posted to Krishnagiri as SP.This is not the first time a senior officer has been affected by the heavy workload. A few months ago, St Thomas Mount deputy commissioner of police A Saravanan fainted in his office. He was rushed to a hospital and returned to work only after taking rest for a couple of weeks.Sources said such incidents had become a frequent occurrence due to the acute shortage of manpower. The city police force, which has a sanctioned strength of 23,000 personnel, is having to make do with a mere 16,500 personnel, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16776981", "title": "'Flood-hit Mebo returning to normal as water recedes'", "text": "ITANAGAR: Life in flood-hit Mebo sub-division in East Siang district is limping back to normal as the water levels of the rivers start to recede.The Mebo ADC, in a statement, said the administration has provided all necessary help to the flood-hit people of Mer-Gadum and Borguly area and the PWD department has taken temporary measures to restore the breached roads. The situation improved after the floodwaters receded in the area.Mebo Block NCP president Todol Pertin echoed the ADC's words and said that flood-hit people of the two circles have now got respite from the foods and other problems as the administration is taking all necessary relief and rehabilitation measures.However, villagers claimed that the flood situation in the area has not improved. \"Several hectares of paddy fields are still under floodwaters. Road communication between Borguly Mebo HQ and Borguly village area is yet to be restored and this is causing hardship to the people,\" they said.On the other hand, massive erosion caused by the Debing river flowing down through the northern hills is posing a serious threat to the plain areas. Though the authorities concerned have been informed of the threat posed by the river on several occasions, no anti-erosion measures have been taken up so far.The river has eroded several acres of fertile land on both sides of the river. It also posing a serious threat to the existence of APPBn beat outpost (BOP) set up at the Assam-Arunachal boundary. The river, known as Rajakhana in downstream Assam , frequently changes its course and erodes cropland on either sides of the river besides low-lying areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16777461", "title": "Patna University placement scenario appears bleak", "text": "PATNA: The placement scenario in Patna University (PU), which has been running a large number of self-financing and vocational courses at undergraduate and post-graduation level for the last several years attracting many boys and girls, appears quite bleak as no sincere effort has yet been taken by the authorities concerned for ensuring suitable placement for the passouts.PU had set up a placement cell a few years back headed by the then Directorate of Distance Education (DDE) chief. Initially, the cell did manage to invite some organizations on the campus and secure jobs for the university scholars. But, due to reasons best known to the authorities alone, the cell is presently lying dysfunctional.Even, the PU Employment and Guidance Bureau, which used to provide necessary information to the university students about job avenues in different sectors and also served as the employment exchange till some time back, has also been lying defunct for quite some time now.PU science faculty dean and vocational courses coordinator U K Sinha admitted that some colleges were not securing lucrative jobs for students despite having their own placement cells.Recently, at a meeting of the directors and coordinators of various self-financing and vocational courses, it was decided that 20% of the income of all such courses would be spent on infrastructure development of the respective courses as well as the departments they are associated with. They also decided that the university must initiate steps for setting up an effective placement cell at the centralised level so that the passouts of various courses besides those of general courses might be suitably placed in different organizations after finishing their studies, Sinha added.PU computer centre chief and bioinformatics course coordinator KP Singh said he has contacted three organizations, including Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro , for campus placement of students admitted to the bioinformatics course started this year.At post-graduation level, PU runs MSc in environmental science and management (zoology department), MSc biotechnology (botany department), MSc biochemistry, Master in social work (sociology department), MA in rural studies and PG Diploma in industrial safety management (PMIR department), MCA, PG diploma in computer applications and PG diploma in actuarial science (statistics department), PG Diploma in women's studies (history department), PG diploma in clinical psychology (Institute of psychological research and service), PG Diploma in Hindi journalism and mass communications (Hindi department), PG Diploma in Urdu journalism and mass communications (Urdu department) and PG Diploma in bioinformatics. But none of these courses are able to fetch suitable jobs for the scholars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16774364", "title": "Excise officials raid spurious liquor outlet, two held", "text": "RANCHI: Excise department officials on Thursday raided an illegal liquor shop in Madhukum and seized 12 drums of country-made liquor and arrested two persons in this connection. The raid was part of an offensive launched by the district police against illegal liquor shops in Ranchi ahead of Durga Puja.Ashok Giri, officer in charge Sukhdeo Nagar police station, said an illegal liquor den was dismantled at Pahari Tola in Madhukum. The excise team also destroyed as many as 12 drums containing spurious liquor at the site. \"The liquor was thrown into a drain,\" said SDO Sadar Amit Kumar.A large amount of 'mahua' (a local brew) was also destroyed during the raid. The excise team with the Sukhdeo Nagar police also seized crude grain, molasses and utensils which are used in manufacturing spurious liquor. The move was fiercely opposed by the locals in Madhukum. \"A group of locals resisted the raid and clashed with the policemen who had accompanied the excise team during the raid. But they were chased away by the policemen,\" the SDO said. As the team which conducted the raid was returning after the raid the same group of villagers pelted the policemen with stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16774370", "title": "Reds fast in jail to protest against raid", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Eight members of the CPI(Maoist), headed by politburo members Narayan Sanyal and Ravi Sharma, went on an indefinite strike on Thursday to protest against the October 9 raid.The Maoist leaders alleged that the team, headed by Deputy Commissioner of Police Manish Ranjan and SP Manoj Kaushik, raided the cell in the Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan Central Jail to bring fresh charges against Sanyal and prevent him from coming out of the jail even after he was granted bail by the Giridih Court.The police had recovered a dual-SIM cellphone during the raid. But according to the Maoists, the cellphone was deliberately slipped into Sanyal's pocket so that he could be detained on fresh charges.The Maoists demanded that the EMI and SIM numbers be verified. They also wanted proper inquiry into whether Sanyal actually used the phone.In a memorandum submitted to the jail administration, they demanded a proper inquiry into the matter.Rubbishing the Maoists' claim that the raid was fake, Kaushik said: \"If the cellphones were not used by the Maoists, how were they communicating with Dodhichi Mobile News, the mouthpiece of the CPI(Maoists) - which has been banned by Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee in West Bengal - within one hour of the raid.\"Expressing surprise over fast mobile network service inside the cell, the SP alleged that even after the raids, the Maoists are still in possession of cellphones. Kaushik said the raid was not fake and the prohibited articles were recovered in the presence of the officers. \"We have sufficient proof that mobile phones were regularly used by the Maoists from their cell which will be found after the verification,\" he said, adding that the SIM cards have been sent for verification and once \"we get details, FIR will be lodged\".By going on fast, he said, the Maoists were putting pressure on police and the administration so that no cases are lodged against them. However, he assured that if after getting the call details it was found that the Maoists were innocent, no FIR would be lodged against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775662", "title": "Times Scholars hunt: Bright minds showcase ideas that inspire them, beliefs that push them", "text": "MUMBAI: Musicians, poets, karate kids, chess champions, football pros, Bharatnatyam and ballet dancers and fervent debaters\u2014the Times Scholars hunt saw all sorts thronging its doors. All these skills, painstakingly acquired over a short lifetime, were, of course, complemented by outstanding academic achievement\u2014most of the 40 students who made it to the regional selection round were NTSE (National Talent Search Examination) scholars, KVYP (Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana) fellows, school captains or at the very least academic aces.The two-day selection process that began on early Tuesday saw candidates from Mumbai, Goa, Nashik, Aurangabad, Pune and Ujjain. Most of the hopefuls were science students who hoped to become engineers or doctors but there were a few from the commerce stream who wanted to go on to do their chartered accountancy or an MBA. One of the candidates wanted to become a police officer, another a lawyer and one even said he was aiming to be a politician.Their larger plans for life were as varied. Seventeen-year-old Mangesh from Kendriya Vidyalaya-INS-Mandovi, for instance, said he wanted to colonise more planets in space. \"Humans have had a terrible history: they have fought wars over many differences. Till the human mind matures to a level where it can accept differences, colonising more planets in space is essential for our survival,\" he proclaimed to the jury members with great confidence. Mangesh's statement of purpose had been a grandiose one\u2014he said he wanted the world to remember him as \"one of the greatest minds that landed on earth\"\u2014but after meeting him, the jury members concluded, only half-jokingly, that it just might.Selecting a few bright minds from among candidates like Mangesh was quite a task for the jury. And differentiating an eight-point student from a nine-point scorer was even tougher. Most students were already achievers: Sidhartha from Borivali Pace Junior Science College had built a solar cooker from scratched-out compact discs; Anmol from R N Podar School had designed games that could be used as education material; Ankit, who attends the same school, had built a solar-powered car; while Yash from Fravashi Academy, Nashik, had tried his hand at building a lie detector.The youngsters were all vociferous about the issues derailing India and Mumbai. Shruti from Birla College, who lost her aunt while she was travelling by train, said that Mumbai needed more trains; Aditya from Smt Sulochana Devi Singhania School wanted India to have better leaders and Anirudh from Bhavani Shankar Road Junior College of Science wanted Indians to be as charged about the environment as they were about sports.All the candidates spoke of the ideologies that drove them, ideas that inspired them and beliefs that pushed them. Vaibhav from Navy Children's School felt that science and religion were two opposites that had the same goal, Raahil from The Cathedral and John Connon School admired visionaries who were the heroes in the evolution story of the computer, and Prerna from NM College wanted India to have an education system that tested intelligence and not textbook learning.Marisha from Apeejay School, Kharghar had an interesting idea: she stated that in a country like India, religion, if channelised well, could prove to be a force in rooting out corruption: \"After all, all religions ask you to be honest.\"The jury's questions flew thick and fast as soon as the candidates walked in. Professor Vijay Singh , national co-ordinator of the science Olympiads, quizzed students on their fundamental knowledge in science and technology: what did the G in 2G and 3G stand for, how big was a coal block, why was the blood pressure belt tied around the upper arm, how was the poverty line fixed in India and so on. Ashish Das, mathematics professor at IIT-Bombay, served up questions on maths and stats apart from a bouquet of other questions from the meaning of haemoglobin to how corruption could be curtailed.Dr Orla Hazra, a research associate at St Xavier's College, tried to judge students on their sensitivity towards planet earth and the community around them. \"How will your college degree aid in making lives better?\" she asked. She also quizzed them on how old the earth was and on the evolution story, what noise pollution was and asked them what initiative they had showed to bring down pollution levels in the environment. Derick D'Sa, editor of TOI Mumbai, focused on gauging the candidates' overall level of general awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16775873", "title": "Andy Murray has no love for books", "text": "SHANGHAI: Books of any kind - educational or leisure reading - isn't Brit Andy Murray's thing. At the ongoing Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000, where he is the no. 3 seed, the reigning US Open champion said he hadn't read a book in a decade.\"I don't read books,\" Murray, 25, said, as if he were allergic to it, \"I mean, I go on the Internet a lot and read stuff online, but I don't read books. I haven't read a book since I was about 14 or 15. I got halfway through the third Harry Potter book. It was the first one that was really, really big. It was like 600 pages. I stopped around 200. I haven't read a book since then.\"While world no. 1 Roger Federer has always been curious about other cultures and traditions, showing a keenness to learn when on the road, the world no. 2 Novak Djokovic , has in the last week, spoken about his love for reading. Murray on the other hand, prefers tennis talk and he makes no bones about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16775213", "title": "China leaves 1962 military triumph's shadow behind", "text": "BEIJING: It's not denial, and it's not amnesia, but the Chinese never gloat over the country's military triumph in the 1962 war with India. No one talks about the conflict here; there's no section of a museum, no memorials in China to display a sense of national bravado, and nothing like Tokyo's Yasukuni shrine.The Yasukuni shrine continues to embarrass the Chinese, who see in Japan's obsession for \"war heroes \" a glorification of \"war criminals\" involved in rape and massacre of innocent citizens after the southern city of Nanjing fell into the hands of the Japanese army in 1937. There has been no such attempt in China to embarrass India over the 1962 conflict.\"China never wanted to humiliate India. It has been wrongly understood in India,\" said Janaki Ballabh, who came to Beijing as a copy editor with the Foreign Languages Press in 1956. \"My Chinese friends feel sad that the two countries had to go to war. The war has not changed the love and respect that ordinary Chinese have for India,\" Ballabh said. Government experts sound almost apologetic about the war success and tend to explain it in ways that is hardly ever discussed in India. This is evident in several articles in Chinese journals through the past decades, including a recent one in the Global Times last June.\"Then Chinese leader Mao Zedong believed the battle with India was also a political combat, and the real target was not Nehru but the US and the Soviets that had been plotting behind the scenes against China,\" wrote Hong Yuan, a deputy secretary-general and researcher with the Center of World Politics at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, in the Global Times.\"As to Nehru, Mao wanted to wake him up from the superpowers' influence by giving him a heavy punch, so that he would come to his senses and end the war,\" Hong wrote, outlining the Chinese official version of history.Beijing prefers to blame the United States for the Dalai Lama's escape to India in 1959, and even the 1962 war with India. This was evident in a speech by Xuecheng Liu, a senior fellow at the China Institute of International Studies, during a workshop on 'Revisit Sino-Indian Border Dispute' at London's Westminster University in 2010.\"The CIA-supported revolt in Tibet , India-embraced Dalai Lama , and India-hosted Tibetan Government-in-exile turned out to be one of the causes of the border war in 1962,\" Xuecheng said. \"Then the China-India relationship dramatically moved toward hostility and confrontation from brotherhood and friendship and entered an era of cold war which lasted nearly two decades.\"The situation has changed and \"China and India do not pose a threat to each other and their common interests far outweigh their differences,\" Xuecheng said, ending his speech with: \"A good China-India relationship makes both winners while a confrontational one makes both losers.\"Similar refrain is heard in several speeches and articles by Chinese government officials and experts, who are trying to persuade both sides to move away from the shadow of history and take determined steps towards friendship. \"The Sino-Indian border war was not only a special interaction of two ancient civilizations, but also an unfortunate tragedy between two formerly colonized and oppressed states,\" the Communist Party organ, People's Daily, said in an article by Li Hongmei in 2010.\"Fortunately, the sober-minded people on both sides would prefer to avoid being dragged down by the past. Instead, they have been making every effort to achieve a reasonable and just settlement of the territory in dispute and turn to a broader cooperation gearing to future,\" the article said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16776147", "title": "Bharati Vidyapeeth University plans to set up nano engineering school with US, Japanese universities", "text": "PUNE: The city-based Bharati Vidyapeeth University (BVU) has announced plans to set up a joint school of nanoengineering in collaboration with two prominent universities from the USA and Japan.The proposed school will offer MTech (Nanotechnology) and postgraduate diploma studies besides PhD courses in the fields related to nanoscience and nanoengineering.Vice-chancellor of BVU, Shivajirao Kadam, said on Thursday, \"We already have a tie-up with the North Carolina A&T; (NCAT) State University, US, and we are negotiating a similar tie-up with a prominent university from Japan.\"Kadam avoided naming the Japanese university on the grounds that negotiation process is on.In 2005, the BVU had signed a memorandum of understanding with the NCAT State University as part of an effort to promote international collaborations in higher education. \"Exchange of student and faculty and collaborative research was the prime focus,\" said Kadam.Following an international meet on nanotechnology hosted by the BVU here in 2010, an MTech (Nanotechnology) course was started in collaboration with the Joint School of Nanoscience and Nanoengineering (JSNN), which is a collaborative project of the NCAT State University and the University of North Carolina, Greensboro, US.Anand Bhalerao, principal of Bharati Vidyapeeth College of Engineering, said, \"A select group of MTech students are required to undertake 15 months of studies at BVU in Pune following which they are selected for a nine-month dissertation and research stint at the JSNN, US. The latter also provides a $1,000 monthly stipend to each student during the US stay.\"Bhalerao said, \"The proposed joint school of nanoengineering will be a step forward. The joint school will enable us to have an independent set up and infrastructure for drawing more students to this highly advanced area of engineering study and will facilitate more foreign collaborations.\"He pointed out that nanotechnology is still a developing industry in India and has vast potential for resolving several key problems related to the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16775826", "title": "Bypassing NBWL, Adani seeks HC nod for felling trees", "text": "NAGPUR: Even before the matter could come before the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL), Adani Power Maharashtra Limited (APML) has moved the high court bench at Nagpur to seek permission to fell trees in a forest area for expansion of its 3,300 mw power plant in Tiroda.The APML needs to fell trees in 163.84 hectare forest area in Garada village in Tiroda. The area is 8.5km from the Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary and falls in the 10km eco-sensitive zone.The APML has filed an application in writ petition no. 1277/2000 (Shobatai Fadnavis vs state of Maharashtra) seeking permission to fell trees in the proposed area. The matter is slated to be heard on Friday.\"We have moved the high court as directed by the forest department,\" an Adani official said.In 2005, the high court has observed that projects which require felling in the eco-sensitive zone of national parks and sanctuaries need to be brought to the notice of the court after obtaining permission under section 2 of the Forest Conservation Act (FCA), 1980.However, in the same order the court observed that the whole object is to increase area under forest coverage as there are no two opinions over the fact that forest cover in the state has decreased to the norms of world standard.The APML was allotted 210 hectare land in MIDC, Tiroda. The MIDC itself falls within the 10km eco-fragile zone of Nagzira but as projects coming up in MIDC do not require environment clearance, work on the plant started in full swing.For expansion, APML was allotted another 192 hectares. Adani again requires 163.84 hectares, which is on forest land.The Forest Advisory Committee (FAC) has recommended diversion of forest land with the condition that the project proponent contribute towards the restoration plan for wildlife corridor to be prepared and implemented by the state government with support of Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ).\"If there is a plan to restore the wildlife corridor why has permission to destroy the forest been granted,\" asked a section of conservationists.Adani has urged the court to grant felling permission as it has in-principle approval from the Central government under the FCA. However, in his affidavit, SV Ramarao, deputy conservator of forests for Gondia and in-charge of the forest land, has said that the power company has certain permissions but not completely.\"Transfer of the said forest land will not be effected unless final approval is granted by the Centre. The matter is still under scrutiny of the PCCF office,\" he states in his affidavit.Although Adani has deposited Rs17.77 crore as the net present value of the proposed forest land, it cannot be claimed without NBWL approval. This is one of the conditions as the proposed land falls within 10km from Nagzira.\"Why is the power company in a tearing hurry to take up felling in the forest land when the matter has not come before us for discussion. It was also not on the agenda in the past meetings,\" said some members of the NBWL TOI spoke to.The Adani petition says felling of trees will not affect environment adversely as it is doing compensatory afforestation. Strangely, Adani has taken up this compulsory activity not near the plant or anywhere in Vidarbha but in Chiplun, Ratnagiri district in Western Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16776854", "title": "When in love, mice too sing like humans and birds", "text": "WASHINGTON: Male mice can sing like humans, using high-pitched love songs to woo females and even spice up their tunes to overcome any competition, a new study has found.Researchers found the mice have certain brain features, somewhat similar to humans and song-learning birds, which they may use to change their sounds.\"We are claiming that mice have limited versions of the brain and behaviour traits for vocal learning that are found in humans for learning speech and in birds for learning song,\" said Duke neurobiologist Erich Jarvis, who led the study. The discovery contradicts scientists' 60-year-old assumption that mice do not have vocal learning traits at all.\"If we're not wrong, these findings will be a big boost to scientists studying diseases like autism and anxiety disorders,\" said Jarvis, a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator.The research suggests the vocal communication pathways in mice brains are more similar to those in human brains than to sound-making circuits in the brains of chimpanzees and other non-human primates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16777035", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party to contest all 60 seats in Meghalaya assembly polls", "text": "SHILLONG: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) will be contesting all the sixty seats in the coming Meghalaya assembly election, scheduled to be held early next year. The decision to this effect was taken during the party's central executive committee meeting recently.Meghalaya NCP unit convener Sanbor Shullai said the party had already cleared the names of forty candidates and the names of the remaining candidates would be finalized by the political committee soon.Besides Shullai, who is the deputy speaker in the state assembly, the meeting was attended by state NCP general secretary GS Choudhary, treasurer Danny Jyrwa, party's youth wing president H Rynthathiang and president of the party's women's wing, D Dkhar. Shullai said besides the top party leaders, fifty other members had attended the meeting.\"The name of the 40 candidates will be announced shortly while those for the remaining seats will be decided by the party's political committee,\" Shullai said. He added that the Meghalaya speaker Charles Pyngrope had sent show cause notices to the 11 NCP legislators, who had merged with the National People's Party (NPP). He filed a complaint seeking disqualification of the eleven legislators under the Anti-Defection Act.The eleven NCP legislators, headed by its leader Conrad Sangma, had merged with Purno A Sangma's NPP. PA Sangma had left the NCP because the party did not support his candidature for the presidential election, which he lost to Congress candidate Pranab Mukherjee .Meanwhile, former Rajya Sabha MP and NCP central observer for the northeast and West Bengal, Robert Kharshiing resigned from the party on Thursday morning, citing deteriorating health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779680", "title": "Jay Z takes his music to video games", "text": "In his latest venture, Jay-Z takes his music to the video gaming industry as an Executive Producer for mega popular NBA 2K13. With the game's recent release on October 2, Jay-Z's attachment to this highly anticipated project has the hype and sales numbers racking up by the minute to what is already staggering heights. With both the basketball and holiday season ahead, the project is sure to produce record-breaking numbers for the franchise.The special surprise on this soundtrack for the cult following of what is probably the most well known Desi name to crossover into the Hip-Hop scene is his choice to feature his collaboration with Raje Shwari. 'The Bounce' from his classic Blueprint 2 album on the project's soundtrack. The song was even his personal choice to be used as the background music for the NBA 2K13's official trailer.2K Sports reveals that Jay-Z handpicked each song on the game's soundtrack. Hov [Jay-Z] comments, \"This has been a unique opportunity to collaborate with 2K Sports and be a part of one of the best sports video games in history. NBA 2K13 will be the next evolution in sports and basketball culture, and I'm ready to usher in the new era of the franchise.\"Raje's response to being included on such a major project is, \"I'm beside myself with excitement. As an artist, it's been a long time for me to have such a personal victory to celebrate, and for that I'm so grateful to Jay and Tim. But honestly I'm so much more excited for our collective scene, this just validates my mission to keep our fusion and sound relevant. All I've been saying to anyone in the industry who'll listen is, we are here to stay. So big ups to Jay for pulling me off the bench and putting me back in the game ,\" she laughs.Raje Shwari seems to have set her sights on accomplishing what Moguls before her have set as the standard like Jay Z , being the CEO of her own newly launched label, BollyHood Records, established in 2011. This past June with the release of her single 'Ready for Me', and music video release coming in October to be followed by a rumored mixtape called 'I'm Famous in BollyHood.'All we can say is, is keep an eye on Raje through all her social media outlets as she seems to be the one to watch this coming season and beyond.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16779417", "title": "Check on milk not optional but a must", "text": "Despite an annual Rs 100 crore provision to supply flavoured milk to students of civic schools, the BMC has not been able to keep a check on the way the milk is stored and distributed.Since 2007, when the scheme started, there have been more than 10 instances of kids falling sick after having the milk.The supplier has been changed twice but if such instances continue to happen, then there must be some problem with the storage and distribution. A thorough check should be done to see if there is contamination at any stage.Related story:  Flavoured milk leaves 11 kids in Mumbai civic school sick", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775385", "title": "Now, corporation seeks paramilitary cover", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alleging \"non co-operation\" from Delhi Police, the North Delhi Municipal Corporation on Thursday urged the Delhi high court to provide paramilitary force for protection so that they can demolish the illegal structure in Subhash Park area.The North corporation had blamed the city police for its failure to comply with the HC order to remove the unauthorised construction allegedly build by the local MLA and his supporters at a Metro rail project site near Red Fort where purported ruins of Akbarabadi Masjid, a Mughal-era mosque, were found.Filing an application before a special bench led by Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul, the corporation sought a direction to the Centre to provide paramilitary force in case police failed to provide assistance for removal of the structure. The police, which has been reluctant on the demolition issue on the grounds that it may breach peace, urged the court to keep its July 30 order on demolition in abeyance till the Archaeological Survey of India files its final report.Meanwhile, the ASI, which was to submit its report on Thursday, sought more time saying the structure had be removed first for it to start the excavation. ASI added that IIT-Kanpur, which has been asked to carry out a \"ground penetrating radar survey\" to detect the structure below the surface, will conduct survey on October 20 and after that ASI would file the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16776417", "title": "Obama banks on Biden bailout", "text": "WASHINGTON: Once there were two brothers in America; one ran away to sea and the other became vice-president of the United States, and neither was heard of ever again. This is just one of the several put-downs (by Thomas Marshall, vice-president under Woodrow Wilson) of a job which one incumbent ( Nelson Rockefeller ) complained involved mostly going to funerals and earthquakes. \"I do not propose to be buried until I am dead,\" Daniel Webster , twice US secretary of state, said in another take-down while turning down vice presidency in 1839.But the US vice-president is also famously said to be just a heartbeat (or lack of) from presidency. Al Gore (under Bill Clinton ) and Dick Cheney (under George Bush ) were deeply engaged in governance and policy. Obama's deputy Joseph Biden, who became a US senator when Obama was still a teenager, falls in the same category.It is this elder statesman that the Obama camp is now pinning its hopes on to revive the president's political momentum after a disastrous performance in the first presidential debate put Obama on the backfoot against Republican challenger Mitt Romney. Biden's vast experience - his rival was only six years old when Biden entered the senate - is expected to hold him in good stead when he takes on Paul Ryan in the only vice-presidential debate on Thursday night (Friday 6.30 am IST) in Danville, Kentucky.The terrain and the tempo do not favour Biden; this is coalmine territory, and the Obama presidency, with its emphasis on environmental regulation and clean energy, is considered hostile to old energy. The area has bled jobs. But Biden is expected to play up his blue-collar background against the more plutocratic, born-with-silver-spoon-in-the-mouth Ryan.Ryan, however, is no pushover. He is said to have prepared meticulously for the debate, digging into the 18kg of paperwork and notes.The Obama-Biden team recognizes they have a fight on their hands. Expectations are that Biden will lead the way in nailing Ryan to Republican positions seen as anti-middleclass and anti-poor, with Obama following up in the second debate on October 16. There's a sense that the gloves will come off well and truly from here on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "16774421", "title": "Two bank robbers arrested", "text": "ROURKELA: Two persons were arrested on Thursday for allegedly robbing Rs 1.5 lakh from a bank in Sundargarh district.The accused were identified as Chitta Ranjan Pradhan (28) and Sukanta Bariha (25), both from Jharsuguda district. Police said around Rs 1.5 lakh in cash, important bank documents, two motorcycles and two cellphones were recovered from the accused.The loot took place around 11.30 am on Wednesday when some bank officials had come to Indian Overseas Bank , Kundukela branch, carrying cash from another branch. They were about to enter the bank premises when two miscreants came in two motorcycles and gheraoed the bank staff. They looted Rs 1.5 lakh cash at gun-point and fled.A case was registered with Bhasma police station in Sundargarh police district. SP (Sundargarh) Sanjib Arrora said, \"A squad of six senior police officers was formed and the district's boundaries sealed to stop the looters from escaping to other states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16778877", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal to gherao PM's residence demanding action against Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal and his disabled supporters will march towards Prime Minister's residence on Friday demanding action against law minister Salman Khurshid for alleged malpractices in his NGO.\"Tomorrow, disabled people will march towards 7, RCR, the official residence of the Prime Minister, \" a member of Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption said on Thursday.A Hindi news channel had alleged that the NGO of Khurshid and his wife Louise Khurshid forged signatures of senior officials in several districts of Uttar Pradesh depriving disabled people of their money.Louise Khurshid denied the allegations and said it was \"devoid of any merit, and is false, malicious and baseless\".(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16788504", "title": "MSU kicks of Navratri fervour with display of designer outfits for festive season by students", "text": "VADODARA: It is commonplace in most cities of the state for designers and boutiques to design and display trendy Navratri outfits ahead of the nine-day garba and dandia revelry. But the students of the department of clothing and textile of MS University (MSU) have gone a step further by preparing designer outfits that are very affordable and much cheaper to those available in the market.The designs were displayed on Saturday at the reading room of Faculty of Family and Community Sciences of which the department is a part. As a coursework students of the department chose to conduct a brief market survey before designing their functional products. MSU officials said that despite the low pricing, the quality of these products has not been compromised at any stage.The students have learnt the process of making navratri related products for women. Products such as chaniyas, designer cholis along with fancy dupattas and accessories are some products prepared by the students. For the first time, designer money pouches will be displayed at the exhibition in order to eliminate the problem of carrying money during navratri days, especially in the case of women.Despite the quality work the students will be take home only 10 to 15 per cent of profit. A MSU release said that the purpose is not to make money, but to provide a platform to the students who are keen to learn and make products in their chosen field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16776131", "title": "52-year-old dies of H1N1", "text": "PUNE: A 52-year-old resident of Ahmednagar, who had been on anti-HIV drug, died of swine flu here on Wednesday. With this, the city's H1N1 death toll has reached 20 since April this year.The deceased had developed cough and breathlessness since September 28. \"However, despite the symptoms, he did not consult a doctor in time. When his condition worsened, he took the advice of a doctor in Ahmednagar. He was given symptomatic treatment on October 5. After his condition deteriorated, he was shifted to Poona Hospital on October 7,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), Pune Municipal Corporation .\"His condition was critical and had been on ventilator support since October 7. His throat swab sent to National Institute of Virology (NIV) had tested positive for swine flu. He died at 8.55pm at Poona Hospital,\" Pardeshi said.Meanwhile, six more people tested positive for swine flu in Pune city on Thursday. The condition of five, including an 11- month-old baby, was critical. All the five have been put on ventilator support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16774761", "title": "Chinese novelist Mo Yan wins Literature Nobel", "text": "BEIJING: Writer Mo Yan, whose complex world of fiction often reminds readers of William Faulkner and Gabriel Garcia Marquez , pipped bookmaker's favourite Japanese Haruki Murakami to become the first Chinese citizen to win the Nobel Prize for literature. When told by organizers that he had won the award, Mo said he was both \"overjoyed and scared\".Mo, 57, is the author of renowned novels such as 'Red Sorghum' (later made into an acclaimed film) and 'Big Breasts and Wide Hips'. In an interview to Granta, he once said, \"Censorship is great for literature creation.\"Reacting to the award, Mo said, \"I felt I was not very senior in terms of qualification (among Chinese writers). There are many good writers and my ranking was not so high,\" adding, \"The Nobel Literature Prize is a very important literature prize, but not the top award. It represents the opinions of the jury.\"The award caused a stir in Chinese literary world, which has never been given the distinction from the Nobel academy. \"His prize is an affirmation for Chinese literature on the world stage,\" said another famous writer, Er Yue He, quoted by the state media.The Nobel must be music to the ears of Chinese authorities because it's a rare case of a Chinese artist or writer, who is not a political dissident, winning the coveted prize. Beijing has been raging against the Swedish Academy since it gave the Nobel Peace Prize to dissident Liu Xiaobo in 2010. Another Chinese, Gao Xingjian, won the literature Nobel in 2000 but he was a naturalized French.The Swedish Academy conferred the award describing Mo as someone who, with \"hallucinatory realism merges folk tales, history and the contemporary\". Mo suggested last month that he has not yet produced his best work. \"The great novel that matches the great times has yet to be written,\" Mo said while receiving China's Mao Dun Literature in Beijing.A farmer's son, he once dropped out of primary school due to poverty before continuing his studies and going on to become a writer. \"Loneliness and hunger were my fortunes of creation,\" he is reputed to have once said.Mo Yan (which means 'do not speak' in Mandarin) is a pseudonym for Guan Moye. Mo also did a stint with the People's Liberation Army and collaborated in Communist Party's literary projects. He is seen in some quarters as being too close to the party to be considered politically independent. Others feel he has effectively used literature to expose corruption, misdeeds during the family planning drive and decadence in society.China's official media had launched a campaign in his favour in past weeks after two betting sites named Mo and Murakami as close runners. The People's Daily said the Nobel Academy usually took decisions based on political reasons rather than pure merit while advising readers not to get agitated if Mo missed it.The award's announcement was greeted with pride in the Chinese Internet but there were some who criticized the decision saying the writer is too close to the party to be regarded as politically independent. Some netizens said they were relieved that it did not go to a Japanese at a time when the two countries were involved in a serious dispute over ownership of islands in the South China Sea.Chinese winners: A tale of outliersMigrants who left China dominate the list of winners of Chinese origin for the Nobel Prize in different fields. Only two of the now 12 winners live in China. One of them is Mo Yan, the literary prize winner for 2012. The other is Liu Xiaobo, the 2010 peace prize winner who is in prison for anti-national activities.The other 10 winners including the Dalai Lama live in foreign countries. Most of them live partly in the United Kingdom and in United States. One of them lives in France, one in Taiwan (which China claims to be its territory) while the Dalai Lama resides in India.Eight of the dozen winners were born in China before they migrated to other countries. Three were born in the United States and one in Taiwan.Besides Mo, the other writer of Chinese origin to win the literary prize is Gao Xingjian, who lives in France. He was involved in anti-government demonstrations before migrating, and his works are banned in China.Six of the dozen winners have been honored for their contribution to physics and two each for chemistry, literature and world peace.Congratulating Mo, Shanghai Writers' Association president Wang Anyi, said, \"You are the pride of China.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775368", "title": "Man kills father, burns body after two days", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old allegedly killed his father after an argument on Sunday night, kept quiet about the murder for two days and then tried to dispose of the body by burning it. Police said 62-year-old Vijay Dhiman was a manufacturer of firefighting equipment and lived in west Delhi's Ranhaula area.Sources said Jatin Dhiman, Vijay's only son, was poor at studies and still in Class XI.Jatin was allegedly pressuring Vijay to transfer their 128 square yard flat to him. Vijay, however, had been resisting him. Ever since Vijay's wife died in March this year, he had taken to drink and was ill-treated by Jatin.\"On Sunday evening, Jatin returned home to find his father drinking. He protested, and this led to a serious argument between them. In a fit of rage, Jatin throttled his father to death. He then tried to dispose of the body by digging up inside the house. Even 48 hours after the murder, he could not find a safe place to hide the body. On Tuesday, Jatin got kerosene and tried to set the body on fire,\" said V Renganathan, additional CP (west).Police said a beat constable, Jai Singh, noticed smoke coming out of the house. \"He immediately knocked at the door and found it locked from inside. He informed the fire brigade, which broke open the main door and brought the fire under control. The body was found and Jatin was questioned. Unable to bear our questioning, he said he wanted to come down to the Ranhaula police station, where he confessed to the murder,\" said Renganathan.The officer refused to elaborate on the reason for Jatin's opposition to his father.Investigations, however, have revealed that Vijay had become attached to a female relative after the death of his wife. He even promised to take care of her children. The woman was reportedly asking the businessman to hand over his flat to her children.\"This new relationship angered Jatin, who demanded an explanation from his father for his conduct last Sunday. This led to an argument between the two which ultimately resulted in the murder. Police are likely to question this woman soon,\" said a source.Jatin has been arrested and a case of murder has been registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16775918", "title": "Demand shifts a cause for worry", "text": "KOLKATA: It does not call out for an economist to suggest that the lower absorption of tech graduates from the institutions of Bengal has aconnect with the shock originating in the developed countries, as the current economic recession qualifies for.However, the problem can't be explained by the global downturn only. The recent unemployment may arise from demand shifts between different sectors of the national economy with pre-existing labour market frictions preventing workers from relocating to an expanding sector. The sectors may also have different sensitivities to the same global shock.Here is an example. It is well known that the present financial catastrophe owes its roots to sub-prime loans and real estate crisis in the US and Europe. If real estates do not sell, could there be high demand for construction workers?However, if the impact of this shock is limited to this sphere only, it may have nothing to do with the sale of newspapers and hence the employment level of newspaper employees, for example. It may instead go up if the unemployed construction workers start looking through the vacancy columns in newspapers for an opportunity.But in India and West Bengal , the scene is just the opposite. The formal workforce is thin with 93% engaged in the informal sector where flexibilities in employment and wages are high but the skill levels substantially low.However, if the sectors were so de-linked that shocks die down where they originate, the present mess would really have been insignificant. Unfortunately, the economic slow down has affected businesses in various fields. The interdependence of all these sectors is much more than what meets our eyes and therefore, it is not unexpected that the effects have started spreading tentacles in prized engineering and technology jobs in India.West Bengal, already in the backseat in terms of economic prosperity and with the informal economy supplying more than 50% of the state domestic product, is an unlikely source that would offer local engineering and allied jobs. Anecdotal evidence suggests that companies like TCS, Google, IBM and Cognizant have cut back on the level of engineering, IT and MBA recruitments this year. It seems that unless the economic condition stabilizes, the demand for professionals will remain moderate to low owing to the strong inter-linkages with the global orders. Similarly, this may however, retain students longer in post-graduate studies as long as the financial burden due to longer school years does not exceed the currently low outside option.(The writer is associated with the Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Calcutta and IZA, Bonn)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16777006", "title": "Rhino saviour basks in glory", "text": "GUWAHATI: Kushal Konwar Sarma has tranquilized many wild rhinos as part of the Assam forest department's Indian Rhino Vision (IRV) 2020 project. But the stranded rhino he tranquilized last Sunday at Uparhal area, about 35 km from Guwahati, was, according to him, the most challenging and difficult rescue operation he has undertaken so far.\"Any miscalculation in darting would have resulted in the rhino drowning in the water. Moreover, the animal was very weak, making the task a risky one. If the rhino had died during rescue operation, the entire blame would have been on me,\" he said.Sarma, professor and head of surgery and the radiology department at the College of Veterinary Science here, led a team of veterinarians to dart a female rhino, which was washed way by floodwaters from Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary and finally landed up at Uparhali after being stranded on a sand bar in the Brahmaputra for a week.On October 1, the rhino was swept by the floodwaters to Rani Chapori, a sand island on the Brahmaputra about 40 km from here. The rescue operation could not be carried out there because of inclement weather than. After eight days, the rhino swam a further 10 km and landed at Uparhali last Sunday. Uparhali is populated by human settlements and the rhino was stranded in a wetland in four-feet deep water. The animal was highly stressed and already weak after swimming more than 50km, making the task all the more risky and difficult.Sarma said the crisis at Uparhali was completely different from previous operations he had handled at Pobitora and Kaziranga, where he had been involved in tranquilizing rhinos for translocation to Manas National Park under IRV 2020. \"In Pobitora and Kaziranga, we had the multiple choices for tranquilization. We have the choice of time, venue and even selection of rhinos. But at Uparhali, we had no choice at all and we had to dart the rhino despite all odds. We had to carry out our rescue operation against the standard protocol prescribed for rhinos,\" Sarma added.The task for the veterinarian and his team was even more daunting as the forest department was under tremendous pressure following the recent spate of rhino killings by poachers in Kaziranga. Moreover, conservationists across the world were also keeping a close watch on the situation.\"After we got the green signal from chief minister Tarun Gogoi, we decided to go ahead with our operation. And, as per our worst fears, the rhino started drowning in the water after we darted it. But we had anticipated the situation and had kept inflated rubber tubes at hand, which we put around the animal's neck. It helped in keeping the head afloat and prevented the rhino from drowning. Within 15 minutes, we managed to bring out the rhino out of the water and put her in a wooden crate, ready to be transferred for treatment,\" Sarma said.As the rhino was weak and aged, the animal was brought to the state zoo in Guwahati where she is undergoing treatment. The rhino is reportedly recuperating well.Sarma, meanwhile, is receiving accolade from various quarters for his painstaking and meticulous approach that made the rescue operation successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16775848", "title": "Complainant supports prosecution line in Dhanvat trial", "text": "NAGPUR: The prosecution heaved a sigh of relief on Thursday after a complainant's deposition supported the investigation agencies' case in the ongoing Sangeeta Dhanavat murder trial before the ad hoc district and additional sessions judge Rajeev Pande. The two earlier witnesses had turned hostile before the court.Ramadevi Dhanavat told the court how her niece Sangeeta was stabbed by accused Sachin Yadav and his friends on March 22 last year at their residence at Ganga Jamuna for turning down his offer of marriage. Sangeeta, a mother of one, had succumbed to her injuries three days later at a private hospital. Yadav is lodged in Nagpur central jail while his three accomplices are out on bail.Despite court's direction to Yadav for paying the witnesses - Ramadevi and Rama Dugga Kalkhor - Rs500 each for seeking adjournment on October 9, he remained absent as he had to be taken to hospital on account of ill-health. Yadav's counsel too had applied for adjournment. The court allowed additional public prosecutor Haneef Hussain to examine Ramadevi while allowing the defence to cross her on October 29 till when the hearing has been adjourned.Kalkhor, who was the panch for inquest, deposed before the court, supporting the line of the prosecution's case. It was on her complaint of intimidating behaviour that the court reprimanded the three other accused in the case - Wasimuddin Khan, Pramod Shriwas and Mauseem Khan. It is learnt that the court has issued a warning to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775445", "title": "Gandharva wedding no reason to deny maintenance: Bombay HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Gandharva wedding or that the first wife is still alive is no reason to neglect and deny maintenance to the second wife, the Bombay high court told a 50-year-old Aurangabad resident. Justice TV Nalawade directed Suresh Patil to pay a monthly maintenance of Rs 1,500 to his second wife Seema (32), who he had married for a son.\"The husband can't be allowed to say that only for the purpose of having a son he had kept relations with Seema by performing marriage in Gandharva form (though) he is treating the son as a legitimate child,\" said the judge. \"The evidence of the husband or the circumstance that his first wife is alive, is of no help,\" the judge added. The court ordered Patil to pay maintenance arrears from 2007 and also asked him to pay Rs 1,000 as legal costs to Seema.Patil had married Seema, a divorcee, in 1999 as he did not have a child with his first wife. Patil and Seema have a son from the wedlock. Within five years, the marriage soured and Seema claimed that Patil started asking her to get Rs 50,000 in dowry.When she failed to meet the demand, Seena said that she was thrown out of the house. She moved the court for custody of her son but it was rejected. In 2007, she approached the family court and sought Rs 5,000 as monthly maintenance under section 125 of the Criminal Procedure Code. Under this law, a neglected wife can seek maintenance. The court however rejected her application on the grounds that she was not Patil's legally wedded wife. Seema then filed an appeal in the high court in 2009.Patil claimed his marriage with Seema was not valid as he had married her as per Gandharva rites and not as per Hindu wedding rituals. His other reason for claiming that the marriage was not legal was that his first wife was alive. The court however noted that Patil had lived with Seema for five years and fought for custody of their son. The court referred to an SC judgment which awarded maintenance to women who are in live-in relationships with male partners by holding that when a man and a woman are living together for many years, there is a strong presumption in favour of wedlock.\"In the present case, marriage is admitted by the husband though he tried to contend that it was Gandharva marriage,\" said the judge.'Admittedly, there was cohabitation of more than five years and one son is borne out of this wedlock. The husband is not denying the paternity of the child and on the contrary, he wants to treat him as a legitimate child.In view of these circumstances, this Court holds that the wife has given sufficient evidence for proof of marriage,'' added the judge while asking Patil to shell out maintenance to Seema.(Names of the couple changed to protect their identities)Gandharva VivaahGandharva Vivah is one of the eight types of marriage which was documented in the Manu Smriti. In this form of marriage, a two adults marry without the consent of thier familes. The other types of marriage are Brahma Vivaah, Daiva Vivaah, Arsha Vivaah, Prajapatya Vivaah, Asura Vivaah, Rakshasa Vivaah and Paishacha Vivaah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16776471", "title": "Coke glass bottles become history in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The last of the iconic 6.5-ounce Coke bottles has reached the end of the line in the US.The bottles, cast for the Minneapolis Coke bottling works in 1948 was the last glass returnable bottle filled and capped in the US. \"This is the last one,\" LeRoy Telstad, vice president and general manager, said, holding the bottle high before handing it off to auctioneer Jon Kohner.Five minutes and $2,000 later, Michael Faber, president of Viking Coca-Cola of S Cloud, became the proud owner of what is doubtless the most expensive bottle of pop ever sold in Winona. \"I plan to retire on this one day,\" he said of his purchase.Others who want their own sip of soft-drink will have an opportunity beginning next week to purchase one of the remaining 5,879 bottles filled during the final run. Telstad said the last 6.5-ounce bottles will be sold for $20 each, with all proceeds going to resurface Winona's bike and walking paths.The Winona Coca-Cola Bottling Comapany has been filling the bottle since it opened in 1932. The first Coke was sold in 1886 at a drugstore soda fountain in Atlanta .The bottled Coke first sold in Vicksburg and then across the US. It wouldn't be sold in 'Coke bottles' for 21 years. The iconic bottle was the product of a 1915 design competition won by Root Glass Company in Indiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16777284", "title": "Animal sacrifice: Gujarat high court seeks governmentt report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday sought a report from the state government on whether Gujarat Animal and Bird Sacrifice (prevention) Act, 1972 is implemented in proper manner.Besides seeking a report in two weeks, the court has also asked the government to strictly implement the law. This happened after an NGO - Ahimsa Mahasangh - filed a PIL complaining that the state government does not implement the law that protects lives of birds and animals from the ghastly rituals of sacrifice.The petitioner's counsel Nimish Kapadia cited an example of Chilawada village of the Panchmahal district where tradition of sacrificing birds and animals before certain deities is very much prevalent despite the existing law.The lawyer also put forth the information furnished by the state government in the assembly that in the past few years, only five incidents of violation of this law have taken place. Advocate Kapadia contended that there are numerous instances of violation of this Act, but the authorities book the offenders under the provisions of the Prevention of Cuelty to Animals Act. The PIL contended that the law to save animals and birds from being sacrificed exists only on paper, and the government has failed to implement it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16776218", "title": "Agri staff stop work to protest corruption", "text": "NAGPUR: Employees of state agriculture department in all six districts in Nagpur division have stopped work since Wednesday. They are demanding action against the Gadchiroli district superintending agriculture officer ( DSAO) Arjun Tandale who has allegedly misappropriated about Rs59 lakh from the National Horticulture Mission (NHM) while posted at Wardha.The Maharashtra Rajya Krushi Vibhag Samanvay Mahasangh, a union of agriculture department employees, claims that about 3000 employees' right form Class I to Class IV have stopped work in all agriculture offices at Bhandara, Chandrapur, Gondia, Gadchiroli, Wardha and Nagpur. The committee has announced an indefinite 'stop work' agitation.\"Though all of us are attending office, none of us are doing our work since yesterday. It is to register our strong protest against Tandale who is involved in corruption of about Rs68 lakh. Out of these NHM funds, he has refunded Rs8.9 lakh to the department but remaining 59 lakh still remains unaccounted for. Such people should be taken to task and punished appropriately,\" Mahasangh general secretary Mukund Palatkar told TOI. A large number of them even held an open meeting in front of the department's office in city.The joint director of agriculture (JDA) J C Bhutada admitting that there is a lot of unrest among staff from all the cadre said that the department had already conducted an enquiry and submitted the report to the government. \"The report has also suggested transfer of the officer as well demanded appropriate action. Actually this officer has used the interest money of different NHM schemes which actually should be refunded to the department,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16774346", "title": "District administration gears up for festivities ahead", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The district administration is taking several steps to ensure that Durga Puja celebrations are safe and secure. It has issued directives to various puja committees of Hazaribag town and its surrounding areas. The deputy commissioner, Manish Ranjan, said, \"This year, only those puja samitis, with a valid license from the concerned police stations, will be allowed to perfom the community puja. The order has already been issued to the concerned police stations.\" However, he said this order will not apply to families who perform this puja in their homes.Speaking further, he added that puja committees were directed to ensure proper decoration of the pandals with fire safety measures in place and safe installation of electrical gadgets for lighting. He also stressed the need to maintain communal harmony during the puja. The administration has also asked for separate entry and exit points for men and women at the pandals in order to avoid any harassment to women. Besides, there should be provision of drinking water for the visitors.Last but not the least, the committees have been asked to ensure the timely immersions of Durga idols. The puja committees which will fulfill the criteria will be eligible for rewards to be given by the administration.Earlier the DIG, North Chotanagpur Division Suman Gupta, reviewed the law and order situation in the district with the SP and other senior officials and directed the SP and officers-in-charge to ensure that each and every community puja pandal installs CCTV for monitoring the activities inside the puja pandals.She said that street patrolling should be intensified to prevent any untoward incident. Since this year's Durga Puja clashes with the Bakrid festival, emphasis should be given on keeping strict vigil over the movement and activities of the anti-social elements and see to it that communal harmony is maintained at any cost.Chairman of the Hazaribag Municipality Manish Jaiswal said, \"The corporation has launched a drive to clean the drains and roads for the festivals ahead. Steps have been taken to repair some of the important roads leading towards traditional puja pandals which attract huge crowd.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775035", "title": "BJP ex-chief Bangaru Laxman gets bail in fake defence deal case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jailed ex-BJP President Bangaru Laxman was on Thursday granted bail by the Delhi high court in a case of allegedly taking bribe in a fictitious defence deal.\"The convict appellant (Laxman) is enlarged on bail on furnishing of a personal and surety bond of Rs 50,000 each,\" justice A K Pathak said.Laxman (72) was taken into custody on April 27 to serve a four-year imprisonment awarded by a special CBI court for taking Rs 1 lakh as bribe from some undercover journalists in 2001 to fix a fictitious defence deal to supply some equipment to the Army.On September 4, Laxman had moved the HC seeking bail in the case on the ground that he was old and suffering from various ailments. He also cited a HC judgment on sting operations and said that inducing a person to commit a crime is \"prohibited\".Earlier, Laxman was sentenced to four years in jail, besides a fine of Rs 1 lakh, after being convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act for accepting Rs 1 lakh bribe from a fake arms-dealer in the fictitious deal in 2001.Laxman was caught on camera in the sting operation accepting money in his chamber in the party HQ and had to quit as BJP chief shortly after the expose which had created a huge political storm.The sting was conducted by news portal tehelka.com. The video CDs were released by the portal on March 13, 2001.The scribes of the portal had posed as representatives of a fictitious UK-based company West End International and sought Laxman's recommendation to the ministry for supply of \"hand-held thermal imagers\", a fictitious device, for the Army. According to the CBI charge sheet, the Tehelka scribes held eight meetings with Laxman between December 23, 2000, and January 7, 2001, projecting themselves as supplier of defence-related products.The CBI alleged that Laxman accepted Rs 1 lakh from the representatives of the purported firm on January 1, 2001, at his office for pursuing their proposal to supply the equipment to the Army.Laxman's former personal secretary T Satyamurthy, who was a co-accused, had been granted pardon by a trial court after he turned an approver in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16775744", "title": "Burglars caught on Sector 31 house CCTV", "text": "GURGAON: Burglars broke into the house of an advocate, who is a relative of a former Union minister, in Sector 31 on Wednesday night. The five burglars were captured in the CCTV cameras, which were installed in the house.However, the house owner has not registered any complaint with police. The police have procured the CCTV footage for further investigation.Though nothing was missing from the house, when the house owner saw the CCTV camera footage, he called the police.\"It was a burglary attempt. We are investigating the matter. The accused might be involved in other burglary cases,\" said Inspector Vikas Kaushik, SHO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16775132", "title": "Pune blasts were trio\u2019s first strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rocked by a string of reverses in recent months, the Indian Mujahideen (IM) were not taking any chances while planning new strikes. Sources say the entire group holed up in Delhi was new and had not been part of any attack before the Pune blasts in August. Intelligence sources also said the handler, Fayyaz Ahmed Kagzi, fled Saudi Arabia for Pakistan to avoid arrest, as Saudi authorities had earlier arrested terrorists Abu Jundal and Fasih Mohammad.Sources said the IM module members held in Delhi \u2014 Asad Khan, Imran Khan and Sayed Feroz \u2014 were inclined towards jehad since their school days, but got a chance to carry out blasts only in August despite knowing Kagzi since 2006-2007. The three had visited Saudi Arabia and met Kagzi and Jundal there in 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, on the pretext of Haj. The three also stayed in touch with Kagzi and IM leader Riyaz Bhatkal on Facebook and Skype. Delhi Police has identified their accounts.Police sources, however, said these IM members were not in touch with IM's India chief Yasin Bhatkal. \"They claim they had heard a lot about him but hadn't met him,\" said an officer.Asad Khan (33), a resident of Aurangabad, was the tech-savvy member of this group. He did his BCom from Dayanand Commerce College (Nanded), and then qualified in software engineering from APTECH, got Microsoft certification in system engineering from Pune and CISCO certification in networking from Hyderabad. He reportedly had plans to set up a computer business but couldn't. Asad married twice and has a daughter from his first wife, who died of cancer. He visited Saudi Arabia and met Kagzi in 2007 and then again in May 2010. In Aurangabad, he ran a tour and travel office at Katkat Gate and the Pune blast conspiracy was reportedly hatched there.Imran Khan (31), a resident of Nanded, had studied up to Class XII. He is married and has two sons and a daughter. He visited Saudi Arabia in 2008 and 2011 and met Kagzi. He reportedly worked as a government contractor in Nanded.Sayed Feroz alias Hamza, went to Saudi Arabia in 2007, 2011 and 2012, and met Kagzi and Abu Jundal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16776896", "title": "Fish prices drop ahead of festive season", "text": "CHENNAI: Fish prices in the city came down marginally on Thursday ahead of the festive season when many people are known to abstain from non-vegetarian dishes. Traders said the prices of various varieties of fish and prawns had fallen by Rs 25-50 a kg.Only on Wednesday had 1,500 boats returned to the high seas after remaining on the shore for five days owing to the protest by fishermen against the increase in prices of diesel.\"As it is, there are no fish in the market, Now, with the festive season beginning, our business is down, only after 10 days will normalcy be restored,\" said Murugan, a fish seller in Nungambakkam.The city has also seen some fish stock coming in from neighbouring Kerala. Kingfish, the most sought-after variety, was selling at 600 a kg on Thursday, a drop of 100 from the previous day.On Thursday, around 800 boats from the Kasimedu fishing harbour set out for the high seas after the stock of ice, unavailable for the last five days, was replenished on Wednesday night. Price are expected to drop further once the boats return with their catch, fishermen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16775623", "title": "Maharashtra aims to reduce infant deaths based on audit", "text": "MUMBAI: The state public health department will launch a Child Death Audit of kids below five years, aiming that the work based on the survey report will bring down the number of neonatal deaths.Maharashtra's infant mortality rate in a year is 28 for every 1,000 live births, a number lower than the Millennium Development Goal of 30 for every 1,000. \"We want to bring this figure down even further. Nearly 55% of the 28 infant deaths occur within the first 28 days of birth. The reasons include sepsis, asphyxia, pneumonia and congenital diseases. The audit will help us get a perspective of the areas we should focus on to prevent infant deaths,\" said an official. The project is being conducted under Reproductive Child Healthcare programme and Unicef. Welcoming the move , ex-dean of Sion Hospital Dr Armida Fernandez said, \"The BMC records every death but it is not done area-wise.\"The health department has asked civic bodies to provide weekly details of deceased kids. A senior health official will then ascertain the reason behind the deaths. The data will be given to a panel of health officials who will issue guidelines to prevent future deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16774810", "title": "Rahul Gandhi sparks row in Punjab, Akalis call him 'national joke'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh may be going to polls, but it's Punjab where Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi has created a political storm. Reacting to his remark that \"seven out of 10 youth in Punjab are addicted to drugs,\" the Punjab government hit back saying, \"Rahul is a national joke\" and sought an apology from him.This sharp reaction came from Harcharan Bains, advisor to Punjab chief minister on media and national affairs, after Rahul raised the issue of drug addiction while addressing a students' rally here at the Panjab University (PU) campus on Thursday.\"Rahul Gandhi is a national joke. He invites youth of Punjab and then refers to them as drug addicts. Is he mindful of what he is speaking and to whom?\" asked Bains.Rahul, on a two-day visit to Punjab during which he met state Congress leaders at Amritsar, had said, \"Youth have the power and knowledge. They could be the solution to all the ills. But what's happening to this human resource in Punjab? The problem of drug addiction is high in Punjab and the government has not shown any seriousness in solving it. Unemployment is also on a high.\"Senior Congress leaders said Rahul seemed to have done his home work, basing his attack on an affidavit filed by the Punjab government with the Punjab and Haryana High Court in May 2009 that \"Punjab is in the grip of drugs that weakens the morale, physique and character of the youth.\"However, deputy CM Sukhbir Badal rubbished Rahul's statement citing the court observation saying, \"Rahul Gandhi is trying to malign the youth of Punjab and specially the Sikh youth.\"\"Congress's policy was first to dub our youth terrorists. Now, they want to put the stigma of drugs on them. I am shocked at the statistics he has announced. Before making such allegations, he should look at the rape cases in a state ruled by his party,\" Sukhbir told TOI. He blamed the Congress of trying to divert the country's attention from the recent scams.\"Contraband is smuggled through Pakistan through international border and it travels through Punjab before being supplied at other places. Security of international border is the responsibility of government of India and we have no control over it. However, amount of drug seized and number of accused arrested by Punjab police is historic in the last few months,\" he added.During his speech, Rahul also lashed out at the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD)-BJP government in Punjab for \"not keeping its promise of pension for all unemployed in the state and for not using scholarships meant for SC/ST students.\"\"Earlier, Punjab had announced pension for unemployed in the state. But, they forgot this promise. Now, they say this pension would be given to only those whose names are registered with the state employment exchange,\" he said.\"While the Centre has been sending scholarships for SC and ST students in Punjab, the state government has been returning them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-12"}
