{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986389", "title": "Pipe repairs turn CIT Road into a bone-crusher", "text": "KOLKATA: Dug up 10 times in a year, the western flank of Park Circus CIT Road is now a bone-breaker.It was a joy to drive on this road even five years ago, but now motorists would rather avoid this 3km stretch. Ironically, it is a development project that started the downhill tumble.\"Driving on CIT Road is a nightmare. While the entire western flank is bumpy, there is a square patch that is a real torture. It is dug up overnight every few days and repaired in a shoddy manner. The pit is simply covered up with soft earth that soon subsides, leaving a pothole six inches deep. With no warning signs, I have hit the pit a couple of times, damaging my car's suspension,\" said businessman Ajoy Chowdhury, who drives along the stretch frequently.What is it that prompts Kolkata Municipal Corporation to dig up the road time and again? The pressure of heavy traffic frequently damages the main water supply line, say officials of the water supply department.For decades, there was no problem with the pipeline as it lay under the wide boulevard between the two flanks. But around eight years ago, KMC removed the boulevard along with its rows of trees so that the road could be widened to accommodate more traffic. What the civic officials did not anticipate was the effect of buses and cars. \"The pressure of traffic is telling on the pipeline and it gets damaged every now and then,\" a KMC engineer said, while overseeing the repair of yet another pipeline burst.Since the widening, the pipe has been punctured scores of times. Every time, the road was dug up and covered with soil or at best a hasty patchwork repair. \"At times, the pipeline is cracked in three places in the span of a week. Unless we repair them, there is a huge wastage of drinking water, leading to less supply in the densely populated Park Circus area,\" the engineer said.An official of the water supply department conceded that the 3km stretch, especially the stretch between Philips and Ananda Palit Road is vulnerable and often gets breached as the 24-inch pipe is made of concrete and not cast iron. \"In order to get a permanent solution, we need to replace the concrete water pipeline at the earliest,\" Bibhas Maity, the KMC director-general (water supply) said on Saturday. \"We have identified the stretches where problems occur frequently. We may have to go for a permanent solution by replacing the concrete pipeline,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16986811", "title": "Boy killed in lift accident in Salem", "text": "SALEM: A 16-year-old salesperson died after he got stuck in a moving elevator at a supermarket here on Saturday morning. According to police, the boy's skull was crushed as he got trapped between the side wall and the grill of the open elevator as it moved up.M Sathyan, son of M Mohan of Manakkadu near Hasthampatty in Salem town, was working as a salesman at Bharathi Super Market for the past few months.The shop didn't have the licence to install the open elevator (a lift without a proper door) and police have arrested the shop owner, D Rajasekhar, under sections 287 and 304(2) of the Indian Penal Code. He faces charges of negligence. Bharathi, one of the largest shopping spaces in the city, has three branches. The branch, where the death occurred, has been in existence for over 15 years.According to a saleswoman at the supermarket, the shop was crowded as it was the weekend. \"Suddenly, we heard Sathyan's scream from the elevator. When we rushed to the lift, we saw his head trapped between the side wall and the elevator grill. There was blood everywhere. Immediately, we stopped the elevator and rushed him to a private hospital. The doctors said he was already dead,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985406", "title": "Helmets must in Dehu Road cantonment from November 1", "text": "PUNE: Two months after making helmet compulsory for two-wheeler riders in the Pune Cantonment areas, the army authorities have now decided to extend the rule to the Dehu Road cantonment areas from November 1.Two-wheeler riders and those riding pillion in the Dehu road military station areas will have to compulsorily wear helmets from November 1, said an official release issued by the defence public relations officer on Saturday.The Pune Sub Area, which is the local military authority for all cantonment boards in and around Pune, had introduced the mandatory helmet rule from September 1 in all the military-controlled areas of the Pune Cantonment. Civilian areas, such as M G Road and East Street, were excluded from this provision as the authorities left it to the Pune Cantonment Board to take a call on the matter.The PSA authorities had then declared that the helmet rule will be extended to other military station areas in and around Pune in a phased manner. The idea is to create apt awareness about the safety aspect of the helmet and curb casualties or injuries on account of road accidents.The official release stated that the decision to extend helmet rule to Dehu Road areas is in line with the joint decision taken by the deputy commissioner of police (traffic) and army authorities to make helmets compulsory for both riders and pillion riders.\"The Army and police will work together to implement the regulation in accordance with Motor Vehicles Act and Supreme Court's directions. Entry and exit points of the Dehu Road military area will have check posts, which will comprise traffic police/military police and army personnel to check defaulters. Video recording will be used at these points for recording the drive,\" the release stated.Helmet is for the safety of the riders and is also compulsory for scooter and motorcycle riders and pillion passengers according to the state government's notification No. MVA/0588/CR 5700/764-A/TRA-2 dated May 7, 2005, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16985288", "title": "Consultation on global warming to be held today", "text": "GUWAHATI: Experts from diverse fields with gather here on Sunday to explore how global warming is going to affect the livelihoods of the marginalized section of the society, especially the women as the northeast is becoming vulnerable to the impact of climate change.The Guwahati-based Centre for Environment, Social and Policy Research (CESPR) will organize a day-long consultation on climate change and its impact on marginalized women here on Sunday, in which experts, social activists, government officials and academicians will take part.CESPR said the people who were affected by the vagaries of climate in recent years will also be present during the consultation.While the manifestation of climate change is being felt in the overall changes in rainfall pattern, CESPR said the consultation will make an effort to find out how marginalized women in the society are affected by the phenomenon.The state experienced one of the worst floods this year since 2004, which left about 150 people dead and affected nearly 40 lakh people in 27 districts. In past years, the state also experienced drought-like situation, severely affecting agriculture. Experts said that high floods and drought-like situations are manifestation of changing climatic conditions in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986098", "title": "Groups clash in Kalupur, Dariapur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two groups clashed in the walled city after seizure of an autorickshaw carrying a calf for slaughtering early on Saturday morning. The city police rushed to the spot and dispersed the crowd. Police registered a case of rioting against a crowd of 150 persons.The trouble started after members of Gaurakshak Dal intercepted an auto near Kika Bhatt ni Pol near Dariapur at 12.30 am on Saturday. The three men carrying a calf in the auto were taken out and beaten up before being handed over to the police. The trio was identified as Mayuddin Pathan, Shakir Ajmeri and Javed Husain Khan, all residents of Dariapur.As the news about the calf seizure and assault spread in the area, members of two communities started stone pelting at each other. A scooter driver was also beaten up in the rioting. \"Zaverivad police chowky sub-inspector C D Patel became a complainant and registered a case of rioting against a group of more than 150 persons. We've started the process of identifying the rioters,\" said Kalupur police station inspector N V Gamit.Three persons injured in the stone pelting were sent to VS Hospital and the calf was sent to Panjrapol. N N Chaudhary, deputy commissioner of police, Zone III, said the police force had visited the sensitive spots and had started patrolling in the night to prevent any untoward incident. \"In the time of festivities, our priority is to maintain law and order,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985514", "title": "Gaiety marks Bakrid", "text": "HYDERABAD: The festival of Id-ul-Adha was celebrated with much fervour across the city on Saturday. Devout Muslims turned out in large numbers at idgahs and mosques to offer special prayers in the morning. In what was observed as a changing trend, for the third year in a row, around 10,000 men and women participated together in the congregation held at Quli Qutub Shah stadium near high court. The festivities are expected to continue until Monday evening.Dressed in impeccable white and blue, the devout headed for Id prayers at Madannapet, Mir Alam, Golconda idgahs and various other mosques in the city. APSRTC ran eight special buses, ferrying people from Pahadi Sharif to Mir Alam idgah through Falaknuma, Charminar, Khilwat and Bahadurpura. Apart from people venturing out to greet others, the Old City roads and by-lanes were mostly empty. The usually crowded stretches of Madina- Charminar and Lad Bazaar also wore a deserted look as shops remained closed for the day. Denizens from other parts of the city made use of empty roads to visit Charminar which was seen teeming with tourists on Saturday. About 5,200 people visited the monument which is higher than the daily average of 4,000.Though the festive atmosphere was infectious, 'qurbani' (sacrificial sheep) traders were left dejected by the end of the day as they incurred losses. They said that the prices of sheep crashed by more than 40 percent as the supply outstripped the demand. \"This time, the supply has exceeded the demand. We are counting Rs 3 lakh in losses. Many people were able to procure sheep directly from farms, which left the small traders in the city in a lurch,\" said Mohammed Reza, a trader from Darushiffa.Cops heaved a sigh of relief as no untoward incidents were reported. Even locations that witnessed tension during the last few days when trucks carrying cattle were attacked remained peaceful.VHP activists arrested for staging rallyPolice have arrested 48 Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) activists when they tried to stage a rally from Koti to Charminar in protest against cow slaughter on the occasion of Bakrid.At about 10.30 am, a group of 100 VHP activists gathered in front of their office in Koti to take out a rally to Charminar.As soon as the rally began, the Sultan Bazar police took 48 of them into custody under section 151 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and other activists left the place.All the arrested persons were let off in the evening on personal bond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992014", "title": "Priyanka Chopra-Ram Charan to shoot a promo song", "text": "It is almost impossible to step into the shoes of Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bachchan, especially when you are working in the remake of the legendary actor's cult classic Zanjeer. And that's what the (re)makers of the movie understand very well. Producer Amit Mehra, son of the late Prakash Mehra, who produced and directed the original Zanjeer, is gearing up for the remake of his father's larger-than-life film. In fact, he and the director of the new movie Apoorva Lakhia are excited about the promotional song that will feature Priyanka Chopra and Ram Charan Teja.\"Yes, we have a promotional song in the film which will be shot in January 2013. This is a special song with Priyanka and Ram Charan. But I want to clarify that we are not remixing any songs from the original version. It will be altogether a fresh song,\" said Amit in an interview to a daily.He also dismissed the rumour that Sanjay Dutt had walked out of the ambitious project. \"Sanjay Dutt has always been our first choice. We are glad that he is part of our film. Initially he had date problems, but now it's sorted and he is playing Sher Khan in the Hindi version and Sonu Sood will be playing Sher Khan in the Telugu version,\" Amit clarified. Sanju baba's mighty presence will only add more zing to this project, but all eyes will certainly be set on the film's lead actors - Priyanka and Teja - for now!Will the Pee Cee-Teja combination work on the big screen? Well, we have to wait to get an answer to that one! Till then, you tell us if you find this hatke pair interesting.Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985740", "title": "Move to introduce speed control devices delayed further", "text": "MUMBAI: A move to introduce speed governors in buses, trucks and other heavy vehicles in a bid to check road accidents has suffered a setback.A panel appointed by the government to recommend speed limits for various vehicles has overshot its term and has sought an additional two months to finalise its reports. A speed governor is an electronic device that is linked to the gearbox where sensors capture movement of the vehicle.The device automatically slows down the vehicle if the speed limit is exceeded.Transporters and bus owners had earlier objected to the speed limits prescribed by the government. On March 13, 2012, the government appointed a high-level panel to review the objections. The panel was expected to submit its report on September 1. It could not meet this timeline. Sources in the transport department said that a proposal to grant the panel another two month's time has been placed before chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who also heads the department. Justifying its demand for the additional time, the panel has reportedly said that a central government notification regarding revision of speed limits for various vehicles was under finalization. It has said that it has put a request to the centre for access of the document but was yet to receive it.An extension of time, said sources, would make it difficult for the government to impose the condition from the start of the next year, sources said. The transport department had originally planned to introduce it from September onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987152", "title": "Dhanas gets new community centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thousands of residents of Dhanas were given a reason to cheer on Saturday, with the inauguration of a new community centre in the area.The civic authorities spent around Rs 1 crore on the construction of the centre, which started around two years back. The centre has state-of-the-art facilities to organize any kind of function, besides providing additional facilities like a gymnasium hall and meeting room.Union minster and local MP Pawan Kumar Bansal inaugurated the building on Saturday evening. While addressing the gathering, Bansal requested the public to take the responsibility of upkeep of the community centre. He said the centre is meant to cater to the needs of area residents and thus keeping it clean is their prime responsibility.Further, to facilitate the residents, the community centre has been constructed on the outskirts of Dhanas, so that visitors don't have to go through the hassle of crossing congested ar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16986328", "title": "CM's plan for Ooty lake gets support", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: In the wake of the chief minister sanctioning Rs4.27 crore for revamping the Ooty Lake here, Nilgiris Documentation Centre (NDC) on Saturday urged all the stake holders in the Nilgiris to come together with the CM to save the 190-year-old lake. (Sullivan's Lake) on the eve of the 225th birth anniversary of John Sullivan, the founder of modern Nilgiris. He was born on June 15, 1788. NDC has been taking care of the John Sullivan Memorial located at Kannerimukku near Kotagiri in the Nilgiris.According to Dharmalingam Venugopal, honorary director, NDC, it was John Sullivan, founder of the Nilgiris whe built the Ooty Lake.Venugopal said, \"By combining utility with beauty, Sullivan wanted to store enough water in the lake so as to irrigate the distant plains of Sigur and Erode, during the drought season. However, the proposal was rejected by the then governor in Council. Interestingly, the estimate for the grand plan submitted by Sullivan was Rs2,000 only.\"It is a pity that the lake has reduced to one-tenth of its original size and has become an outsize cess pool. Once fed by numerous rivulets, it is now being fed by sewers,\" Venugopal added.He further said, \"Although many efforts were made in the past the present effort appears most sensible, sincere and backed by adequate funds and technology.\"According to NDC, more significant is the long-term outlook of the CM for putting in place an innovative institutional frame work for the continued care of the lake. \"The people here have been given an opportunity and responsibility to take care of their prized tourist asset,\" he added.\"All stakeholders must join in protecting the heritage and environment of Ooty as well the state,\" Venugopal said.Ironically, the hill district, in a sense of gratitude, does not house a statue of Sullivan, the founder of the modern Nilgiris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "16985889", "title": "Family kills married girl for honour", "text": "PANIPAT: In an apparent case of honour killing, a girl was murdered by her family as she dared to marry a boy from a different caste in Panipat town on Saturday. After killing the girl, her family members -- parents, two brothers and an uncle -- took the body to the cremation ground cladestinely and consigned it to flames in a bid to destroy the evidence as the victim's husband had got a whiff of the nefarious design.The Panipat police has registered a case under section 302 (murder), 201 (destruction of evidence) and 120 B (criminal conspiracy) against the girl's father Ramkumar, mother Nirmala and two persons identified as Ram Niwas and Anand. None of the accused have been arrested so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987246", "title": "Punjab State Human Rights Commission summons ACP on March 3", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sending a notice to assistant commissioner, Ludhiana-central, Swapan Sharma, Punjab State Human Rights Commission (PSHRC) on Saturday directed him to appear before the commission on March 3, 2013.The IPS officer got the notice for failing to produce a final report into the investigation of an acid attack complaint filed by Sunita Sharma of Ludhiana. Being the investigating officer (IO), Sharma failed to produce a final report despite the case being adjourned four times.The victim filed a complaint before PSHRC, alleging the accused were not arrested deliberately, though they had registered an FIR against two persons, including a woman on June 11, 2011. The FIR was registered at police station, central division, Ludhiana.During the hearing on Saturday, PSHRC stated, \"The commissioner of police, Ludhiana, had submitted an interim report on the investigation of acid attack on February 4, 2012. But, considering the incomplete nature of the interim report, police officials were directed to submit a final report by February 15.\" The order mentioned stringent action would be taken against the delinquent officer if he failed to appear in the next hearing with a final report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986263", "title": "High court dismisses bail plea in 2010 Malvankar murder case", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently dismissed the bail application filed by Suraj Govekar, a 21-year-old from Anjuna, accused in the alleged 2010 Sampreet Malvankar murder case.At the hearing of the application, Govekar's lawyer argued that his client was just 19 years at the time of the alleged offence on September 22, and that he has been in police custody since September 24, 2010.He further argued that the circumstantial evidence against Govekar was weak and that all the other accused in the case have been released on bail.Additional public prosecutor M Pinto countered that there is strong prima facie material against Govekar and that charges have been framed against all the accused under Sections 302 (murder) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) read with Section 34 (common intention) of the IPC and Section 25 of the Arms Act.She further said there is evidence to show that a silver-coloured motorbike was given by Govekar to another accused on which the latter had ridden to Monkey Bar and Restaurant at Anjuna and had shot Sampreet.She pointed out that Govekar was absconding after the shooting and was arrested only two days later.Rejecting Govekar's bail application, Justice A P Lavande observed that though Govekar is \"hardly 21 years of age\" there is strong prima facie evidence available against the applicant.\"The applicant is not entitled to be released on bail on the ground of parity in as much as there is additional strong material available against (him) establishing the offences of conspiracy and of murder of Sampreet,\" held the judge.The court maintained that in the event of Govekar's release on bail, the youngster is likely to tamper with the prosecution's evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16987123", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram to host Army Mela after a gap of 4 years", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: This year's Army Mela, scheduled to be held from November 6 to 8, is expected to see greater cooperation from the state government. The Army has sought infrastructure support and tax waivers from the state government for the smooth conduct of the event.Mela, an event organized by the Army with an aim to educate, entertain and motivate youngsters to join military service, will be held at the Central Stadium, said a top Army official. The event is coming to the city after four years. \"The Army Mela is a regular fixture in the event calendar of a few states and we are hoping to do the same in Kerala,\" he said.The Pangode Army station command has sought the state government's assistance for conducting the event. \"While the bulk of funding for the event is borne by the Army itself, we have requested that the state government pool in its resources to make it an unforgettable event,\" said the official. The Army is learnt to have asked the state government for an exemption on hiring charges of the Central Stadium and assistance for erecting stalls to display weapons, and also light and sound and seating arrangements for the promotional events.\"We had also requested that state government bear any expenditure on registration and insurance charges/taxes of mobility scooters being issued by Army to disabled ex-servicemen,\" said the official. If everything goes by the plan, the Army also plans to distribute a few scooters to disabled ex-servicemen during the event, he said.The Army has identified Veer Naris from Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi, and is likely to invite around 100 women on the occasion. Veer Naris are widows and mothers of Army soldiers who have sacrificed their lives for the nation. Army Wives Welfare Association will closely coordinate this event. The Army Mela will have an exhibition of arms and ammunition and also dare devil display by trained army men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16987520", "title": "Referee helps Churchill edge past MFC", "text": "MARGAO: Abhishek Yadav surely has a penchant for goals; whether its heading into the rival net, when playing as a striker, or turning one into his own net, when handed defensive duties. The former India striker, now handpicked for a defensive role with Mumbai FC, conceded a silly own goal, and with it started the visitors' tale of woes in a third round I-League clash at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Saturday.Churchill Brothers trooped out 3-1 victors but they were, at least at the start and until Abhishek's own goal, given a mighty scare by the visitors. Once Churchill were gifted the opening goal, there was a semblance of balance in the squad. Lebanese striker Akram Moghrabi and Brazilian Beto added their names to the scoresheet while Yakubu Yusif, who else, scored on debut for Mumbai FC.The scoreline may suggest a smooth ride for Churchill Brothers, who logged their second big win on the trot. But until the opening goal, and to a large extent, two debatable refereeing decisions from Ajit Meitei, helped the hosts. The referee at first appeared to have harshly sent off Mumbai FC defender Evans Quao in the 38th minute, and when Mumbai FC briefly threatened to stage a comeback with Yakubu's goal in the second session, they were hit with another harsh decision: penalty.Air India brace for Bagan fireMohun Bagan aren't the ideal opponents to come up against when your first two games have ended in losses and it's going to take Air India something special if they are to walk away smiling when the team's clash at the Balewadi Stadium, in Pune on Sunday, reports Kunaal Majgaonkar. What takes the level of challenge a notch higher is the fact that in Bagan, Air India have opponents who are themselves hunting for a first point. Losses to United SC and Shillong Lajong cost Santosh Kashyap his job at Bagan and there's no better advantage to take than of a vulnerable defence to begin a turnaround.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986518", "title": "Madras high court liquidator seeks police protection", "text": "CHENNAI: The official liquidator of the Madras high court has sent a letter to the Tamil Nadu chief secretary seeking police protection, following an attack on a staff member of the liquidator's office.The assailants were later identified as advocates practicing in George Town court, the liquidator's office said in its letter to the chief secretary. They alleged that the advocates had influenced police and got a liquidator's office staff member and two security guards arrested in connection with the incident.It also alleged that the assistant commissioner of police did not bother to listen to the version of the staff working in the office.\"The situation in the office has become so tense that staff members are not willing to work due to fear of police action,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "margao/calangute", "code": "16986461", "title": "Lifeguards save 4 tourists from a watery grave", "text": "MARGAO/CALANGUTE: Three Russian tourists were rescued from different beaches (two in Colva, one in Baga) on Friday while swimming. A domestic tourist from Bangalore was also rescued off Palolem beach, and administered first aid by lifeguards on duty.In Colva, around 200 meters towards the left of the Colva lifeguard tower at around 5.40pm on Friday, two Russian tourists, 59-year-old Alvina Markovkina and 54-year-old Ludmila Alekseva went for a swim and entered a no-swim zone. They were in waist deep water when suddenly, both drifted about 50 meters seaward as they were caught in a strong rip current. They started gesturing for help. Lifeguards Alex Cruz and Maruti Pednekar spotted the victims and rushed towards them with rescue tubes. Lifeguards secured both of them and were assisted by a lifeguard jet ski to bring them safely to shore. Both were checked for injuries and since they found to be fit, they were released immediately.A third Russian was rescued by Drishti lifeguards at Baga beach on Friday. Alina Lazareva, 35, was swimming along with her husband at around 4.50 pm when she ventured 40 meters seawards despite warnings from lifeguards not to do so. Soon, she was in distress and unable to swim to the shore. Lifeguards, who had been observing her, rushed to her aid with a rescue tube, and brought her safely to shore after securing her to the rescue tube. She was then allowed to go as she had not sutained any injuries.In another incident at the southern beach of Palolem, a fisherman informed lifeguard Kalpesh Pagi that a tourist was injured while they were launching a fishing boat and was bleeding heavily. The lifeguard informed the tower and rushed towards the victim, 40-year-old Bangalore resident S Narasimmaiah, who was there with his friend Parmesh Kariappa. Narasimmaiah was found with a deep cut on his head and was bleeding profusely. The lifeguard acted promptly and the victim was provided first aid to stop the bleeding. Since the bleeding continued, the lifeguards decided to call 108 ambulance but since they did not receive any response, it was decided to take the victim in the lifeguard jeep. On the way to the Canacona primary health centre (PHC), they saw the 108 ambulance after which the victim was handed over to the 108 ambulance staff who took him to the PHC where he received further treatment.He was later allowed to join his friends as he had not sustained any injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16986311", "title": "Industry protests power outages with daylong strike", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Federation of Coimbatore Industrial Associations conducted a day-long strike here on Saturday against frequent and unscheduled power cuts.Over 30,000 workers from micro, small and medium industries took part in the strike demanding uninterrupted power supply to industries. The association petitioned the district collector and sent a letter to the chief minister demanding an immediate solution to the outages.The representatives of the association said the power cuts have been extended to 14 -16 hours in a day. Most of the micro, small and medium industries have been forced to shutdown due to the unscheduled power cuts and lakhs of workers have lost their jobs. The very same bodies had conducted a day-long strike on October 6 to highlight their plight and seek a solution to the crisis.As many as 19 industrial associations participated in the strike on Saturday. Industries from Peelamedu, Ganapathy, Avarampalayam, Singanallur, Pappanaickenpalaym, Edayarpalayam, Sundarapuram, Kurichi, SIDCO, Malumachampatti areas, were closed. Production loss due to the shutdown was pegged at Rs 75 crore.Meanwhile, representatives from the association lodged a petition with district collector M Karunagaran on Saturday. As per the petition, they said they could not meet targets and deadlines set by suppliers due to the severe power outages. The petition said many of them have lost orders leading to closure of several units.The association demanded that industries should get uninterrupted power supply. The power shortage needs to be distributed equally across the state and no preference should be given to any region or sector. At least eight hours of electricity must be provided to industries during the day. They pleaded for the Union government to recognize the crisis and provide an additional 2,000MW to the state.Political parties including CPI (M), CPI, MDMK, Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam, Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi , Forward Block, IJK and Farmers' Association also conducted a protest in front of Hotel Tamil Nadu at Gandhipuram in the city on Saturday in solidarity with the industrial bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985401", "title": "Opposition parties join hands against Development Plan", "text": "PUNE: The opposition parties have joined hands to oppose the Development Plan (DP) for the old city area and have appealed a section of Congress leaders to join the agitation.Alleging monetary interests behind the making of the DP, the BJP has taken the lead to galvanize the opposition against the plan.\"We have asked opposition parties, including the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and the Shiv Sena , to join us in the agitation. We will oppose the DP in Pune as well as at state level. The DP is nothing but a plan to sell out the city land to builders,\" alleged BJP MLA Girish Bapat.Bapat said, \"We appeal those Congress leaders who are unhappy with the DP to join our effort to save the city. We will approach some of the senior Congress leaders, too.\"BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said opposition parties will plan a series of agitations. \"Opposition parties will raise their voice at the General Body (GB) meeting of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and also take the issue to common citizens\".The City Improvement Committee of the PMC on Thursday approved the new DP, spanning 2007-2027. The DP is applicable to the old city area comprising 17 peths and surrounding areas spanning over 147.85 sq km.The DP proposes 921 reservations, covering 1,080.79 hectares for amenities such as health, education, recreation, etc.The plan will now be presented at the GB meeting scheduled for the first week of November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16986510", "title": "Diamonds worth Rs 12 lakh robbed from polishing unit", "text": "SURAT: Diamonds worth Rs 12 lakh were robbed by three persons armed with a knife from a diamond polishing unit in Katargam area of the city on Saturday morning.Three diamond polishers were present at Pooja Laser Diamond on the first floor of Labh Shubh Apartment in Jaram Mora ni Wadi in Katargam at around 4 am when robbers entered the unit and attacked and injured one of them on his right hand. The robbers then escaped with 6,500 pieces of rough and polished diamonds kept in a safe.The employees informed unit owner Kalu Chodvadiya, who later arrived with police. Police said they have got specific leads in the case and suspects are being questioned.\"The case will be solved soon. We are questioning the employees, the owner and others connected with the unit,\" police inspector, Katargam police station, J T Sonara said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "16987265", "title": "Students awarded for achievements through the year", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The students of Guru Nanak International Public School were awarded for their excellence in co-curricular activities and academics at the annual prize distribution function of the school on Saturday.Chief guest additional commissioner of income tax, Ludhiana, I P S Bindra was welcomed by the school band.About 160 prizes were distributed to students of Class III to Class XII. The students also presented a song and dance show on the occasion.The 'Stars of the Year' award was given to Bhupinder Kaur of commerce stream, who scored 95.4% and Ayushpreet Singh of science stream, who scored 89% for being the school toppers of the CBSE exams.The outstanding achievers of Class XII were Gurpreet Kaur for painting, Amrit Kaur Gulati for painting, Brahmleen Kaur for business studies and painting, Farneet Kaur for painting, Kavleen Kaur for painting, Jyotbir Singh for economics.Students who got accolades to the school at various cultural meets and festivals were Jasleen Kaur (primary) and Prabhjot Kaur (senior) for 'best singer', Ishmeet Kaur (senior) for best 'dilruba', Arshmeet Kaur (senior) for 'best rabab player', Puranjot Singh (senior) for 'best tabla player', Avleen Kaur, Simranpreet (primary), Ramanpreet Kaur and Japneet Kaur (senior) for 'best dancer', Taranjeet Kaur, Bhawandeep Singh and Simranjot Kaur (senior) for 'best artist', Komalpreet Kaur (English), Manjot Kaur (Punjabi) and Charanpreet Kaur (Hindi) for 'best orator'. The best members of school band were Gagandeep Singh and Simranjot Kaur (senior).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985764", "title": "Jaipur Metro likely to get tested coaches from Delhi Metro", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Metro project has another hurdle to cross this time - the city's two police stations that are in the way of Metro route. If a solution is not found soon, it may delay the project. For the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) that is handling the project, it has become a pressing need to get the police stations shifted in order to meet the deadline.Located along the 9.25 km Mansarovar-Chandpole route are the government railway police (GRP) station and the Sanjay Circle police station and the DMRC has to shift them to construct entry and exit points of the proposed Metro stations.Lalit Meghnani, the project director of Jaipur Metro, said, \"As there is time constraint, the DMRC itself is constructing the building to shift the (GRP) police station on the land provided by the state government. It is expected that the work will be completed in three weeks. Similarly, the Sanjay Nagar station will be shifted on Shram Kalyan land.\"According to the officials, the DMRC has so far completed around 70 per cent civil work.Meanwhile, official sources also said, \"The recent rains have delayed the project by two-three weeks. But now the work has picked up and it is expected that 4-5% civil work will be completed within a month.\"Meghnani added, \"We are committed and the deadline will be met at any cost. The DMRC will deploy 30% extra labour and machines.\"The officials claimed that to ensure the deadline for the final run of the Metro is met, the DMRC is studying on possibilities of skipping the trial run.They said the DMRC is mulling an alterative plan to run the coaches already in operation on the Delhi Metro routes. \"If we bring the operational coaches from the Delhi Metro, the initial trial run will not be required as they are already tested. The trial run takes four to six months and we can manage the gap by putting coaches which are already tested and approved,\" an official said.However, coaches customized for the Jaipur Metro have shorter radius due to sharp curves on the track. Still the officials feel that operational coaches of Delhi Metro can be used with some speed restrictions in Jaipur.The coaches brought from Delhi Metro will run only for a short period and later will be replaced by the new coaches sourced from Bharat Earth Movers Limited. Later, the inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) will conduct oscillation trials for the new coaches in Jaipur. \"For new coaches, the trail run will be conducted at nights,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987155", "title": "Sector 17: Streets full, underground lots empty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The engineering wing of the Chandigarh municipal corporation had recently spent Rs 3-4 lakh to improve the condition of underground parking lots in Sector 17 following the concern of Punjab and Haryana high court to make these functional. Despite this, only one lot is being used by Sector-17 traders for parking while the remaining lie vacant.The fate of the lot adjoining General Post Office-17, which is the biggest underground parking lot of the sector, is still uncertain.The civic authorities are neither in a position to run it nor have been able to find a taker for it.Meanwhile, the Business Promotion Council of Sector 17 has taken one parking lot where only two-wheelers can be parked. The shop employees park their cycles and two-wheelers there, but they are not interested in main underground parking lot adjoining the GPO, where the facility of parking four-wheelers is also available.Chairman of Business Promotion Council Darpan Kapoor said, \"We are using only one underground parking lot adjoining CMC Hospital. The process to utilize another lot is on, but we are not interested in taking the underground parking lot adjoining GPO, as it is not viable. Moreover, it is too far away from the main commercial area.\"Area councillor and former city mayor Pardeep Chhabra said, \"The functioning of underground parking lots is necessary. If nobody is taking the lot then MC must run the lots on their own. I was told that all three underground parking lots will be taken by the traders, but if it is not so, then MC should be running these. I will soon take up the issue with authorities.\"Superintendent of MC parking wing Kashmira Singh said, \"Traders have refused to take the underground parking lot near GPO. We will soon send them another request. We can't run the lots on our own due to lack of manpower.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986316", "title": "Identity muddle in Gadkari firm trail", "text": "KOLKATA: A sneak peek into the lifestyle of the directors of various holding companies of Wainganga Sugar And Power Ltd, a Purti Group firm, reveals untold stories with all the ing-redients of a Bollywood thriller.A TOI investigation revealed that the names of the directors of the Nitin Gadkari company are shrouded in layers of mystery. There are supposedly people with multiple identities as well. A 'director' named Keshar Deo Sharma is allegedly known as Keshar Deo Tiwari as well. The letter box at his residence in Ganges Niwas, 34 Raj Narayan Roy Chowdhury Ghat Road, Shibpur, says \"K D Tiwari/Sharma\". Is he the same K D Tiwari who is the director of Jasper Commerce, Westline Trading Company and Amply Infotech? All three are holding companies of Wainganga.Some people in the apartment and neighbourhood know him as Sharma and others as Tiwari. Those who call him Sharma say he was an insurance agent who is now too old to step out of the house. On approaching his flat, his daughter-in-law Sarita Sharma said there was nobody at home and the family does not have any contact number.K D Sharma has two sons, Mahesh and Dinesh. There is a Dinesh Sharma on the board of directors of Westline Trading Co. But Sarita denied the family has any business connections.Ramshackle hut for director's homeThere is also a Mahesh Kumar Sharma on the board of another Wainganga shareholding firm, Apeak Infotech, but the address is different. TOI tracked down the address in a dingy lane of Shibpur but no one could recognize the name. It could not be ascertained if they are the same person.There was more drama on the trail of Ranjit Kumar Das, who is the director of Jasper Commerce. After a lot of wild goose chases, the TOI team entered the dingy, almost eerie lane of Guru Charan Roy Chowdhury Ghat Road in Shibpur. A locality infamous for muggings and shootings, it was an exact replica of the sets of Gangs of Wasseypur.No outsider dares step into this shady area after sunset. A long search for No. 29 Guru Charan Roy Chowdhury Ghat Road led to a ramshackle 5-foot-high single-room house in a slum. The door is hammered out of sheets of tin. The roof has broken clay tiles. A khatia (wooden cot) was propped up against a wall. From inside, Ranjit's wife shouted out in a rustic accent: \"Ranjit gaon gaye hain ( Ranjit has gone to his native place).\" A neighbour said Ranjit is from Bihar. He does odd jobs and has been living in that small room for a few years.Ranjit could be traced but a long search for Renu Sharma, the director of Yogesh Projects, ended in a blind alley. The address \u2014 13 Rameswar Maliya First Bylane, Howrah \u2014 gathered from Department of Company Affairs exists but TOI could find no one by the name living in the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16987652", "title": "Liberalization is giving new views on education: Roddam Narasimha", "text": "MYSORE: Indian education system is changing. This not only subjects it to new stresses and challenges, but also offers it exciting new opportunities, said Roddam Narasimha, professor at Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research, here on Saturday.Addressing the third Graduation Day of Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering (SJCE), the professor said: \"The liberalization of economy and the increasing presence of private institutions promise, for the first time, radical new views on educational system.\"\"At a time when the world is a facing severe problem, frugal innovation seems like a worthwhile course to pursue in India. It has a strong appeal to Indian minds, because ours is a cost-sensitive society,\" he added.As many as 890 BE, 203 MTech, 61 MCA and 112 MBA students were recommended for the award of degree. Toppers from each branch of undergraduate and PG courses - 26 in all -- were awarded with medals. Ten endowments medals were also awarded to the students. Chaitra Kurlageri and Babitha E M were awarded medal for securing highest marks in MBA and MCA, respectively.SJCE has 12 undergraduate programmes with an intake of 790 students, and 15 PG programmes with an intake of 400 students. \"Thirteen departments have been recognized as research centers. Over 100 research scholars have been enrolled,\" said SJCE principal B G Sangameshwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16993314", "title": "Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation to ply 400 extra vacation special buses from Surat", "text": "SURAT: Expecting heavy rush of passengers, Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation (GSRTC), Surat has decided to run 400 Diwali special buses from the city to different locations in Saurastra and North Gujarat. It has also decided to start four new booking counters for the facility of people at different places.According to the estimate, nearly 5 lakh people travel to their native places located in Saurastra during the 20 day Diwali holidays. Large numbers of people travel to locations like Mehsana and Deesa in North Gujarat and Dahod -Godhara in Central Gujarat.\"For the convenience of these people we have started booking at our ST bus depot from October 22, 2012. We will start additional booking counters at Katargam community hall, Matawadi and Kapodra from Monday.\" Said an official from GSRTC.Diwali vacation in majority of the diamond factories will begin between November 07 to November 10 and people will start coming back after the holidays after 20 days.GSRTC will run 400 extra buses for the convenience of these people from the 09, November to the destinations like Rajkot, Jamnagar, Bhavnagar, Junagadh, Porbandar, Palitana, Verawal, Jetpur, Dhoraji and Surendranagar.Similarly to cope with the rush of people to North Gujarat destinations like Mehsana, Patan, Radhanpur and Deesa too extra buses will be run.\",We have huge vacation traffic to Dahod and Ghodhara too. Depending up on the demand we will ply extra buses on this route too.\" Said an official from Surat GSRTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986758", "title": "Pinarayi calls for all-party meet", "text": "KOCHI: The chief minister should convene an all-party meeting to clear doubts on whether Kochi Metro project would be entrusted to the DMRC, CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan demanded on Saturday.Inaugurating a public meeting organised as part of the Human Metro chain, Pinarayi warned of more mass agitations, if the government failed to act. He accused that some vested interests, in connivance with the chief minister, has been working to avoid DMRC and E Sreedharan from the Kochi Metro project. The chief minister should clear these doubts, he said.General convener of the City Development Committee P Rajeeve, MP, welcomed the gathering. Former justice V R Krishna Iyer, chairman of the committee, presided over the meeting. MLAs S Sarma, Jose Thettayil, Binoy Viswam, former ministers N K Premachandran and Ramachandran Kadannappilly, writer K L Mohana Varma were among those who attended the meeting.Meanwhile, excise minister K Babu in a press conference said the LDF was organizing programmes like the Human Metro to cover up the fact that it could do nothing for the dream project when in power.Babu said UDF government has the willpower to entrust the project to DMRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987522", "title": "The tablet experience", "text": "What we likeDesktop: The killer app for Windows 8 on a tablet is the good old desktop that we're all familiar with. There's the new Modern UI for a more fluid touch experience, and it's really easy to use. But just knowing you can revert to the robust desktop and even run proper programs like Photoshop or full-fledged PC games, offers a level of reassurance that cannot be beaten.Truly standalone: If there's a USB port on your Windows tablet, then you can just plug in any device - printers, cameras, pen drives, whatever - and it'll work. This is as good as having your PC with you, and that's not something we can say about Android or iOS.Multi-tasking: Microsoft has cracked the multi-tasking aspect of tablets. You can dock apps to a pane, running two of them side-byside . Switching between apps has also been made simpler by just dragging your finger from the left screen. It's intuitive and fantastic to use.What we don't likeLimited apps: The desktop mode lets you install any of the thousands of software available for Windows. On the other hand, the Windows 8 Store is painfully sparse. What this translates to is a lack of apps made for a touch experience. And without those, the tablet doesn't feel inviting to use. Unless Microsoft manages to woo developers, its users are always going to be envious of their Android- and iPad-toting friends.Ecosystem: Where the Windows 8 experience falls short is the rest of the software that Microsoft forces upon the user. Apple has refined their iTunes ecosystem to give users an easy way to buy apps, movies, music and anything else; Google's web properties are wonderfully integrated into the Android OS. Microsoft's Xbox store and online apps like Outlook and SkyDrive just aren't good enough yet to make you want to switch from the services you currently use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16986644", "title": "Romney aide introduces race card this poll season", "text": "A senior aide to Mitt Romney has played the race card for the first time in the presidential campaign as new polling reveals that it is the most racially polarized election in more than two decades.John Sununu, a former White House chief of staff, suggested in an interview on Thursday that the former secretary of state Colin Powell , a member of the Republican Party had endorsed President Obama because he was a fellow African American.Powell, who broke with his party to vote for Obama over the Republican candidate, John McCain , in 2008, ignited a new firestorm among Republicans for endorsing Obama and criticizing Romney's foreign policy flip-flops.Sununu said, \"When you take a look at Colin Powell, you have to see if his endorsement is based on issues or he's got a slightly different reason for endorsing President Obama. I think when you have somebody of your own race that you're proud of being president of the US, I applaud Colin for standing with him.\"Sununu has put into the public domain the issue that Obama has rarely mentioned during his first term. But many in Washington have long suspected that the Republican Party's opposition to Obama stem from the fact that he is black.-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985625", "title": "Doctors for amendments in MTP, PCPNDT Acts", "text": "NAGPUR: Obstetricians and gynaecologists are demanding amendments in the Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act and the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act to help doctors practice without problems while following medical ethics. These changes, they say, will also protect doctors from unnecessary harassment from regulating and implementing agencies like the health department of the civic body and the civil surgeons.These issues were taken up during the annual conference of Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS). Chairperson of MTP committee of the Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI) Dr Atul Ganatra from Mumbai told TOI that FOGSI has already prepared a list of changes needed in the MTP Act which will be discussed soon with the authorities at the state and the central government levels.\"There is no doubt that every doctor should follow law and maintain proper documentation. But due to ambiguities in the interpretation of this law by the regulating agencies, doctors are wrongfully taken to task. Hence the need for certain amendments,\" said Dr Girija Wagh, member of the Central Supervisory Board at the national level from Pune, adding, PCPNDT Act needs change in the wake of developments in ultrasonography (USC) technology.Every doctor should mention the reason (out of six reasons specified in the form only) of the MTP, which is the right of both married and unmarried woman. Unfortunately, sometimes due to lack of awareness among women, doctors find it difficult to specify the right reason. \"Most women use MTP and not actual contraceptives in the form of tablets, condoms or any procedure as a contraceptive tool for varied reasons. We can't call this as a failure of contraceptive,\" said Dr Wagh.Dr Ganatra pointed out that every doctor was expected to maintain the documents - Form 1, C, patient consent form, Form II (admission register) and the MTP register. The register should have details of all the medicines used during an abortion - procurement place, quantity, batch, expiry and payment details through cheque and not cash. Categorically stressing that doctors are no one to 'advise' MTP to a woman as it is her decision and right, Dr Ganatra called for replacing it with the word 'suggest'.Doctors also unanimously opposed the practice of demanding information about a patient undergoing an MTP by any inspecting personnel other than a district magistrate, civil surgeon or a first class gazetted officer. \"This information is to be kept in a sealed envelope at a safe place in the doctor's premises unless these authorities visit the place to verify any details themselves. No representative of these authorities is authorized to check the envelope. Unlike present practice, the civic body's authorities too cannot demand it for the health department,\" said Dr Ankita Kothe, the NOGS president.A panel discussion was held on the two Acts with NOGS secretary Dr Vaidehi Marathe and Dr Varsha Dhawale as the moderators. The panel also included Dr Prakash Deo, a member of the UNFPA, Dr Bhavana Sonkusale, nodal officer for PCPNDT at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation, drug inspector Mandlekar from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Anita Khobragade, legal adviser of the civil surgeon who could not make it to the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16987368", "title": "Engineer brothers design \u2018dream wheels\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: For this engineer-brother duo, it was not just the love of swanky cars, but the dream to craft one on their own that saw them turn their simple Swift into a sleek two-seater hatchback.Jaspreet Sikand, 31 is an electrical engineer and elder brother Charanjiv Singh, 33, is a mechanical engineer.Having shared the interest in automobiles since childhood, the brothers prepared a concept for their car and got the best of the accessories from various countries to convert it into their dream wheels.The Model Town residents spent over Rs 10 lakh on the modification and took almost a year to unveil their creation. \"We went around several auto expos in India and abroad before starting to work on our car,\" says Jaspreet.Their Swift has lost the backseat to accommodate a JBL music system. \"One of the most striking features of our car now is its doors open vertically like that of a Ferrari,\" adds Jaspreet.Talking about the modifications to the engine, Charanjiv says they have put a K&N; filter and a header for exhaust that creates a peculiar sound. \"The headlights are crystal like that of an Audi,\" he adds.The brothers have imported the alloys from Dubai, headlights and beams from Thailand, seats from Hong Kong and RPM meters from Singapore. \"We had thought we will get it painted in Delhi but then decided to do it ourselves. The final product never fails to grab eyeballs and even the ones getting off a top-end luxury car look at it curiously,\" says Charanjiv.They are putting this creation of theirs on display at a mall located on Ferozepur Road on Sunday. \"Going by the response of the onlookers, we will decide if we can take up car modification as a profession,\" says Jaspreet, who along with his brother owns many showrooms in Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16992765", "title": "Rupesh Shah wins second world title", "text": "BANGALORE: Rupesh Shah defeated Australian Matthew Bolton 6-2 to clinch the 150-up point format title of the World Billiards Championship at Northern Snooker Centre in Leeds, England.The Ahmedabad pro became the fifth Indian cueist to lift the world title twice. Shah clinched his first world title in 2007 when he defeated compatriot Ashok Shandilya 6-4 in the 150-up point format in Singapore .Shah had a tough time against Bolton, a ten-time Australian champion, in a contest of fluctuating fortunes. The match turned in Shah's favour in the fifth game when Bolton fumbled, missing a cannon on 148. Capitalising on his opponent's blunder, Shah produced a fluent break to clinch the game 3-2.Shah's best came in the sixth when he compiled an unfinished break to consolidate his lead. Thereafter, it was a smooth ride for the Indian.Shah had defeated big guns Mike Russell (in quarterfinals), Peter Gilchrist (in semifinals). In the time format final, Pankaj Advani will take on Russell and is one win away from clinching his eighth world crown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16987164", "title": "Government not trying to curtail paddy cultivation: Oommen Chandy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy refuted allegations that the government is preparing to bring a legislation that would curtail attempts to boost paddy cultivation.\"There is no such attempt from the government's side to bring any legislation that would affect paddy fields or paddy cultivation. This has been stated in the Assembly also. In fact the government has proposed that only farmers should be able to buy paddy land. The government's intention is the opposite of what is being alleged now,\" he said here on Saturday.The state law department had circulated the draft of the Kerala Land Use Bill 2002 among all the departments, inviting their feedback, for reviving the bill. The bill has many provisions that will fuel the conversion of agricultural land to non-agricultural land in the state.Revenue minister Adoor Prakash also said that bill will undergo elaborate discussions and debates before it becomes an act. \"Circulating a bill does not mean that it has been passed. It will be discussed in the UDF and the party, before it emerges in its final form,\" he told TOI.However, according to sources, a bill relating to land, being framed and circulated without the revenue department's knowledge is uncalled for.\"This is against the rules of business. The revenue department also received the draft Kerala Land Use Bill like all other departments for expressing its opinion. But revenue department is the most crucial department related to land,\" said an official.Adoor Praksh said that the department would also give its opinion on the clauses in the bill. \"The department will give its opinion separately on the bill since it has been circulated to us as well,\" he said.Former revenue minister K P Rajendran expressed concern over the necessity of such a bill, if the government's real intention is to preserve paddy land and wetland.\"No rule will legally exist if it has any provisions which violate the Kerala Land Reforms Act since it has been included in the 9th schedule of the Constitution. All other laws including the Paddy Land and Wetland Conservation Act have been framed in tune with the KLR Act. But when it becomes an act, which has provisions contradictory to the paddy land act, it would be in conflict with the KLR Act as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16993336", "title": "Religious fervor and gaiety marked Gomateshwara mahamastakabisheka", "text": "MYSORE: Religious fervor and gaiety marked the mahamstabhisheka(head anointing) ceremony of Gomateshwara statue at Gomatagiri near here on Sunday. Today's head anointing ceremony was the 63 in a row . More than 15000 Jain pilgrims from Hassan, Mysore and Chamarajnagar districts and people from surrounding villages witnessed this religious event . This year many Jain community people from other states were noticed taking part in the ceremony.Though mahamastakabhisheka of Gomateshwara statue at Shravanabelagola is celebrated once in twelve years , this ceremony is carried out every year by the Hombuja Jain mutt and Kanakagiri Jain mutt authorities and seers of both the mutts preside over the ceremony and supervised the rituals.Gomateshwara statue was anointed with milk, sandal , vermillion and turmeric before performing the pooja of the statue much to the reverberating sounds of mantras and slokas chanted by the Jain priests . Many devotees offered floral tributes and pooja to the padas( feet) of Gomateshwara before climbing to the top to pour the milk to anoint the deity.Kalasas carrying the sacred water and the milk were auctioned before the anointing ceremony was inaugurated and devotees actively participated in the bidding as the belief is that lord Gomateshwara will bestow bounty on those who bid the Kalasas for highest value .Speaking on the occasion, Bhuvana Keerthi Bhattaraka Seer of Hombuja Jain mutt Shimoga urged the government to explore the tourism potential of this picturesque place surrounded by hillocks as tourists from north India who visit the place are forced to put their stay at Mysore . People has no problem in stay at Mysore, but the devotees who want to perform rituals and fulfill their religious vows have to stay and spend nights at the spot and lack of facilities has left inconvenienced them, he regretted adding that Jain community devotees are ready to share the responsibility with the government if the latter works out a plan of action to develop facilities at this hillock .Couple of Jain community leaders from Mysore said after Devaraj Urs no body evinced interest in the development of this pilgrim cum tourist spot. However KSRTC had made special bus arrangements for the occasion .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16985512", "title": "Seven loaves and other delicacies", "text": "Cities, nations, civilizations, cultures and in certain instances individuals have used symbols and motifs as marks of identity in differentiating from the 'other'. With time there evolved a tradition of ascribing legends to explain such symbolic associations as flags, totems, standards and emblems, even when drawing on mythology for inspiration, were useless unless instantly understood by the masses. Often, the lack of credible explanations has led to a recasting of tales where the masses, putting to work their fertile imagination, have concocted such wonderful and romantic tales that the obscure references of the original creator have paled into insignificance. A prime example of this welcome transgression is the legend relating to the Asaf Jahi motif; a pale yellow circle which graced the standard of the erstwhile Hyderabad state.Ask any Hyderabadi worth his salt and he will instantly narrate the charming tale of how the founder of the dynasty Mir Qamaruddin Ali Khan, while still serving in the Mughal army, was gifted a bundle of seven loaves of bread by a renowned mystic. The action is said to have symbolically prophesized that his progeny would rule for seven generations. The grateful General is said to have symbolically incorporated the mystic's gift in his personal standard and this subsequently became the ensign of all future Nizams of Hyderabad. With minor variations, this narrative gained credibility over generations to be accepted as absolute fact universally, except for the futile protestations of a few 'rational' minds who keep insisting till date, that it is nothing more than a myth. One must concede that such detractors do put forth a very plausible explanation by claiming that the motif is in fact a figural representation of Qamaruddin's name; for Qamar is the moon in Arabic, Persian and Urdu and more significantly often implies a full moon.With the passage of time and relegation of the first Asaf Jah's given name to history books, it is said that there evolved an entirely different interpretation for the pictogram. As the motif resembled a kulcha, (the circular oven baked bread relished by Hyderabadi's with nahari, the spicy lamb trotter soup which together are the favorite breakfast combo of the city) the gastronomically appealing interpretation is said to have gained popularity in a city known for its obsession with food.Among the other popular myths that have taken on a status of indisputable fact at Hyderabad is the firm belief that the monsoon will set in on the first day of Mirag Karti. Though the phenomenon cannot be proved rationally, an enumeration of monsoons past will conclusively prove that the myth has come true more often than the very scientific predictions of the metrological department and the city almost always records rainfall on the day even if it is in traces. True to their famed status as renowned epicureans, the citizens bid farewell to the stifling summer heat with a heavy heart as even though welcome, the change of season also signals an end of the mango season! Not to be undone, the Hyderabadi, having given a quick burial to the 'king of fruits' makes a bee-line to the fish market to procure specimens of Murrel, the 'king of fish' at hugely inflated prices. It is merely a matter of passing on to the next course - \"The King is dead, long live the King!\"The Murrel, according to the people of Hyderabad, is the only fish worthy of putting on a gourmand's table. Citizens who have traveled far and wide swear that the famed Kashmiri Trout and Bengali Hilsa hold no match against the delectable Murrel. While millions throng to Hyderabad at Mirag for the miraculous 'Fish Medicine', the veritable Hyderabadi digs into his Murrel, supremely confident that it is the 'fish' and not the 'medicine' which is the actual cure-all for respiratory disorders. Old timers swear that it is a Murrel which is etched on the spandrels of the Machli Kaman, one of four portals through which one must pass while approaching the Charminar from the banks of the Musi. They also claim that it is the very same species which is depicted in the 'Mahi Maratib', the Royal Standard of the Nizams on display at the Chowmahalla Palace.Myths and legends are integral to the evolution of society and are essential ingredients in recording milestones of history. They often nurture cherished memories, commemorate landmark events and record the development of nations. Attempts at negating these oral traditions handed down from generation to generation are often the result of extreme bias. They achieve little other than robbing a society of all that it holds dear. It is surprise then that the people of Hyderabad have never forgiven those who were inclined to demolish with clinical precision their most cherished myths and legends while perversely claiming to have 'set the record straight'.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16985762", "title": "Fort comes alive with fest", "text": "JODHPUR: The historic Mehrangarh Fort came alive with myriad forms of rustic folk art with the unleashing of the sixth edition of Jodhpur RIFF on Saturday.Rajasthani folk dancers had the connoisseurs spellbound and compelled them to match steps with them. Various dance forms like Chakri, Dhol-Thali, Bhawai, Gair, Bhopa and Kanhaiya nritya were showcased on the festival's second day.\"We want the visitors to the festival to have a close brush with the different performing arts of Rajasthan to acquaint them with the treasures of their own land,\" said Divya Bhatia, director of Jodhpur RIFF. The entire fort is serving as a stage for the performances which begin at 11am and continue till 5pm. The festival is a cultural melange of sorts.The UNESCO-endorsed Rajasthan International Folk Festival (RIFF) formally began on Saturday with the melodious devotional renditions of Bhopa Bhopi tradition by Bhanwari Devi and Patashi Devi at the crack of dawn at the historical Jaswant Thada tucked beside the fort.It was followed by Dusk Devotion comprising singers and Tandura players from Meghwal community. Maand singing by Jamali Bai from Bikaner and Dayaram by Merta combined with Didgeridoo played by Mark Atkins in collaboration with Rajasthani percussionists. Rhythms of Grupo Cimarron from Colombia reverberated at the Zenana Courtyard.The day ended with traditional Rajasthani Quawali renditions by Ghulam Hussain from Jaipur and DJ mps Pilot from the Netherlands made the audience groove at the beautiful Chokelav Garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985725", "title": "Filing FIR from home set to become a reality in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: How would you react if a cop comes rushing to register an FIR at the spot of crime? Moreover, if the response time of the police is not more than a few minutes? Chances are the expression on your face will be one of disbelieve.It may be surprising for many, but the Madhya Pradesh police have embarked on ambitious modernization programme. In two months, the force looks set to implement it in Bhopal and Indore. As part of that it would update field staff with personal digital assistant (PDA) gadget that promises to make them act fast like e-cops of UK.The gadget in question would be similar to a smart phone. Once a call reaches the control room, it will be forwarded to smart phone of the concerned beat cop which, in return, would rush to the spot and attend the complaint.The policeman would also be able to click pictures and register FIR, call ambulance or any another assistance using the same device. Later, after returning to the police stations, the cop could complete the other formalities.\"The idea is to save people on visit to police station. \"The trial of the device has begun. Initially, 500 such gadgets would be given to Bhopal and Indore police each and, later it would be provided to other cities,\" said Sanjeev Shami, IPS officer (chief of counter intelligence).It device will be loaded with both Hindi and English fonts to make it user-friendly for beat constables. The device will also have GPS that will help officers sit back at the central sever and monitor whether a policeman is present on the beat assigned to him.The official said the soon-to-be-implemented modernization programme is being initiated under the Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and Systems (CCTNS). MP is the first state in the country to go for the smartphone-like device.The National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) has acknowledged efforts of the state police in this regard and has expressed desire to replicate it throughout the country. \"There is a meeting on October 29 and the next day in New Delhi for the same. There, we would apprise the NCRB of the initiative taken in the state,\" Shami said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986428", "title": "Don't involve us in politics: Mining companies", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa mineral ore exporters' association (GMOEA), a body that comprises mine owners, on Saturday asked the media not to drag them into politics.The comments came in the wake of certain sections of the media reporting that mine owners were not happy with the present government led by chief minister Manohar Parrikar , and the way he has handled the mining issue. Parrikar had suspended mining operations in the state following the tabling of the Shah commission report on illegal mining, in Parliament.Some media entities also reported that mine owners would soon leave for New Delhi to topple the BJP government in the state. President of the GMOEA, Shivanand Salgaocar, said, \"Please don't involve us in politics. We (mine owners) are not in the business of politics. We are in the business of mining, and we just want the permit to start our business.\" Salgaocar, who commented on a few reports in newspapers, then said \"we cannot comment on each and every thing that appears in newspapers\".P K Mukherjee, managing director of Sesa Goa and a member of GMOEA, said, \"We will comply with the state and the central government, and even the CEC, in a transparent manner,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985781", "title": "Samsung maintains lead in fast growing smartphone category", "text": "MUMBAI: Mobile phone sales crossed the 100 million mark in the first six months of this year, even as smartphone sales crossed 5.5 million units, according to the latest data released by Cybermedia Research India.Troubled Finnish handset maker Nokia had a 22.2% share of the market followed by Samsung at 13% and domestic player Micromax at 5%.Significantly, in the fast growing smartphone segment, the Korean technology major Samsung maintained its top spot with a 41.6% share followed by Nokia at 19.2% and Blackberry maker Research In Motion at 12.1%.Faisal Kawoosa, lead analyst at Cybermedia Research's Telecoms Practice,said, \"The first half of 2012 saw the high-decibel launch of Samsung Galaxy S III, HTC One X besides others. The second half of the year continues to see launches of a number of high value, aspirational smartphone models such as the Nokia Lumia 910, Samsung Galaxy Note II and the Apple iPhone 5.This push from vendors and the increasing maturity of the India mobile subscriber community is expected to further push up smartphones as a proportion of total mobile handset shipments in the country in the next few quarters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985497", "title": "Producers seek land for mini theatres", "text": "HYDERABAD: With some producers having a vice-like grip over theatres in the state, an organisation comprising several producers has come up with a proposal. The Telugu Chalanachitra Parirakshana Samithi, as it is called, has made a representation to the state government to allocate land for the construction of mini theatres at different places in the state.The Samithi has sought a minimum of 500 sq yards at each place so that a theatre with shopping facilities can be constructed there. \"We do not want land at a concessional rate. We require land at some prime locations and that too on lease,\" said the chairman of the Samithi, Chadalavada Srinivasa Rao.The mini theatres will have a seating capacity of 250 to 500. \"A mini theatre can be constructed with a cost of Rs 25 lakh. Many people are showing interest to construct such theatres provided there is land available at commercial centres,\" Srinivasa Rao said.The Telugu Chalanachitra Parirakshana Samithi, it may be mentioned, was formed to save the Telugu film industry by taking up issues and problems being faced by it. Of late, the complaint of many producers is that they are not able to get theatres to screen their movies. This is because the theatres are mainly in the grip of a few individuals and it is entirely their discretion to rent out theatres to whoever they wish to. Moreover, the rents that are collected for screening films are also huge.If big-budget films take up a large chunk of theatres, another issue that has been bugging producers is dubbed films. The dubbed films, mostly Tamil, are also being released in large number of theaters. \"It is indeed a big problem. But that is how theatres are being run in the state. However, mini theatres will cater to straight Telugu films,\" Srinivasa Rao said. As many as 100 towns and cities have been identified for the construction of mini theatres. Ideally, it wants a piece of land for lease in every place where there is a population of 30,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985257", "title": "N Chandrababu Naidu to resume padayatra", "text": "HYDERABAD: After taking a one-and-half day's break following a sprain in the back, TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu will resume his padayatra on Sunday. The TDP president sprained his back when the dais he was speaking from in Mahbubnagar's Gadwal town collapsed on Friday.A medical team from Hyderabad examined him on the same day. Naidu did not suffer any fractures but the sudden fall resulted in a muscle pain in the back. \"Though doctors advised him rest for two to three days, he is insisting on continuing his padayatra immediately. He will resume the padayatra after 2 pm on Sunday,\" Telangana TDP leader Errabelli Dayakar Rao told STOI.Since the minor fall on Friday, Naidu has been camping in Setti Atmakur in Mahbubnagar district and saw many visitors including his nephew and actor Jr NTR and others., Vasundhara, actor Balakrishna's wife and Nara Rohit, nephew of Naidu .Speaking to the media later, the actor said he might join the padayatra depending on his shooting schedule.As per the original schedule, after 12 days in Mahbubnagar, the TDP chief is scheduled to enter Rangareddy district.Meanwhile, Nara Lokesh, who rushed to his father on Friday, was seen convincing fans and activists who came to see his father that they cannot meet him as he was strictly advised to take rest. He assured them that his father's health is good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16985186", "title": "AADHAR cards for Assam will be linked to National Register of Citizens", "text": "GUWAHATI: Unlike other parts of the country, AADHAR cards for residents of Assam will be linked to National Register of Citizens, which is the data base of citizens, as the state is facing the problem of illegal migrants. The AADHAR number is proof of residence only and not citizenship.\"The AADHAR enrolment exercise here would be government-driven. It is going to be different than other states,\" a source said.The unique identification project is an initiative of the Planning Commission to provide identification for each resident across the country. This brand name of this 16-digit number of the unique identification number (UID) is Aadhaar. The objective is to issue every resident a UID linked to the resident's demographic and biometric information, which they can use to identify themselves anywhere in the country and to access a host of benefits and services.\"In Assam, the National Population Register (NPR) is now being digitalized. We are in the process of collecting fingerprints and iris scanning,\" the source said. He added that the AADHAR database will be merged with the NRC database. \"Since AADHAR gives residence proof and the NRC gives the citizenship proof, the merger of the two databases would make the non-Indians (read illegal migrants), who are residing in the state stand out clearly,\" the source said.The state government has removed all procedural hurdles for updating the NRC of 1951 and the first phase would cover 42 out of 126 legislative assembly constituencies. \"The NRC update will be based on the electoral rolls of 1971, 1966, wherever there are no records of NRC of 1951,\" the source said. The state government is setting up an NRC directorate to undertake this massive exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985381", "title": "US pips Russia as 'lowest bidder' for heavy-lift 15-chopper deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US is now all set to bag yet another mega Indian defence deal, with the iconic Boeing-manufactured Chinook heavy-lift helicopters emerging as the cheaper option than its strong contender the Russian Mi-26 choppers.Defence ministry sources said the commercial bid for the twin-rotor Chinook, which has seen recent action in Iraq and Afghanistan , has emerged as the \"L-1 (lowest bidder)\" in comparison to the Mi-26 after both the huge helicopters passed the extensive technical field trials conducted by Indian Air Force (IAF).\"The present contract is for 15 such multi-mission helicopters. The Chinook bid was lower both in terms of initial direct acquisition cost as well as life cycle cost. The contract negotiation committee will now finalize the deal for the Chinook,\" said a source.Known for their powerful contra-rotating tandem rotors, Chinooks are being operated by around 20 countries for heavy-lift assault, troop movement, logistics support, aerial battlefield recovery and special operations. Capable of being refuelled mid-air for extended range, a Chinook can carry 55 combat-ready troops or over 11,100 kg of logistical supplies or weight.This is the second time that American helicopters have outclassed \u2014 both technically and commercially \u2014 their Russian counterparts in recent months. As reported earlier, India is getting ready to order 22 heavy-duty Apache attack helicopters for around $1.4 billion.Boeing's AH-64D Apache Longbow met all ASQRs (air staff qualitative requirements) but its contender the Russian Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant's Mi-28 Havoc had failed to pass muster during the field trials held by IAF.Overall, the Indian armed forces are looking to induct as many as 900 helicopters in the coming decade, including 440 light-utility and observation, naval multi-role (90), light combat (65), heavy-duty attack (22), medium-lift (139) and heavy-lift (15), among others. Several of these procurement and production projects are meandering through the long-winding acquisition process.The US is increasingly bagging deals in the lucrative Indian defence market, having already notched up military sales worth over $8 billion in the last few years. These include the $4.1 billion contract for 10 C-17 Globemaster-III strategic airlift aircraft, $2.1 billion for eight P-8I maritime patrol aircraft and $962 million for six C-130J \"Super Hercules\" planes. Negotiations are being finalized for acquiring six more C-130J as well as four more P-8I aircraft.There was a lot of heartburn in the US after its F-16 and F/A-18 fighters lost out to the French Rafale in the almost $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to supply 126 jets to IAF, which is in the final commercial negotiations stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986895", "title": "Just one towing vehicle for 4,000 Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses", "text": "BANGALORE: How often have you got stuck in a traffic jam and cursed that BMTC bus in front of you which simply can't move? Well, the BMTC has just one towing vehicle for its 4,000 odd fleet in the city to come to its rescue when a bus breaks down bang in the middle of the road. Naturally, traffic police are irked at this.By the time the towing vehicle arrives from the depot, there is already a huge traffic clog on the road and often policemen move the buses to the side to ensure smooth traffic flow, say the traffic cops.The response from BMTC too is often tardy, forcing them to move the buses on their own, cops complain. \"In the existing scenario in Bangalore city, we can't afford to have buses lying in the middle of the road. We have seen many instances where we have had huge traffic jams because of such breakdowns. The towing vehicle of the BMTC is often placed in the depot and by the time it reaches the spot, the situation gets out of control,\" the police said.However, the BMTC rebutted the issue and said that the problem was exaggerated by the police. \"We have 34 depots and two central workshops which are fully functional. Apart from conducting daily maintenance, every bus undergoes various other checks. We also have four mobile workshops to attend to any problem,\" officials said.\"My job is to take care of the traffic but often I end up pushing buses that are broken down on the road. If I am not able to do so within 10-15 minutes, there will be slow moving traffic. If not in the outskirts, within the city limits at least BMTC has to make quick arrangementsz to deal with such problems,\" said one traffic constable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16987809", "title": "93% dalit families still live below poverty line, says survey", "text": "MANGALORE: Only 2.9% of dalit families surveyed by the Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSEIP), Mangalore University, in the state as part of a three-year sponsored research programme by ICSSR are categorized as APL families.Families without any ration cards are found around 4.1%. Households that come under the below poverty line are around 93% and the percentage of households having BPL cards is 76.9.Other Antyodaya card holders are 15.5 per cent and Annapoorna card holders are 0.5 per cent. All these card holders are classified as poor families and accordingly, different types of BPL cards are given to these families.These are the findings revealed in the study titled 'Discrimination and social exclusion: A study on the development experience of dalits in Karnataka', an executive summary of which was released at a national seminar here recently. Major source of income to dalit families is labour wage, mainly agriculture labour. Around 48% of income is from agricultural wage. The percentage of income from government salary source is 24.59%, and private sector contributes 7.18%. Other contribution is from self-employment (6.09%), agriculture (10.97%) and livestock (2.66%). If the income of the government and private sector employees is excluded, the scenario is entirely different.Nearly 70.38% of the income to rural dalit families in the state is mainly from agricultural wage and 16.08% of income is from agriculture or cultivation. The source of income from self-employment is only 8.93 per cent. The access to employment and income to dalits is very much limited and caste discrimination prevents them access or restricts/prohibits them to enter other sectors of employment and income generation.This shows that the caste discrimination is mainly responsible for strengthening the process of social exclusion of dalits in the rural Karnataka. Only 5.8% of the rural dalit households have government employees and in around 7.7% families have employees working in private sector.The reservation in government jobs for dalits is a constitutional provision but its access is also limited in case of rural dalits in the state, the study observes.The families who have got and not got at least one government/private employee in their families is classified as households with and without government/private employee and average per capita is separately calculated for them.The families with land and without land also calculated. The per capita income of such families is only current income not adjusted with price movement or rate of inflation and it refers particular year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985340", "title": "Congress may hold edge in Sahay vs Gadkari case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress's decision to drop Subodh Kant Sahay from the Cabinet can result in the party offering an implicit challenge to BJP over the controversies surrounding its party chief Nitin Gadkari's business dealings.The Sahay versus Gadkari scenario can play out to Congress's advantage although the ruling party is unlikely to tom-tom the issue. The comparison will prove compelling as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh accepted Sahay's resignation with alacrity on Saturday morning.Sahay was removed because Congress leadership took a dim view of his seeking the PM's intervention for the allocation of a coal block to a firm in which his younger brother was a director.Congress leadership was annoyed at the alleged indiscretion as it seemed to strengthen the perception of party's involvement in Coalgate that, as per the estimate of the Comptroller and Auditor General, cost the exchequer Rs 1.86 lakh crore.The leadership was unmoved by Sahay's angry protestations as he blamed his troubles on a BJP conspiracy and media witch hunt.While Sahay faces a tough task of convincing public opinion that he was asked to quit merely because the leadership wants him to focus exclusively on organizational work, his removal is part of the party's strategy to inoculate itself against the fallout from corruption scams dogging the UPA.Faced with the Opposition's \"most corrupt regime\" taunts, Congress leaders - from party chief Sonia Gandhi and general secretary Rahul Gandhi downwards - often cite the action they have taken against the allegedly corrupt in the coalition's ranks.The party has pointed to former telecom minister A Raja, ex-Maharashtra CM Ashok Chavan and sports mandarin Suresh Kalmadi as powerful figures who had to face the music. Congress expects to corner BJP over its alleged inaction in the case of Gadkari.The unease in BJP is to be expected as most party leaders are far from convinced of Gadkari's defence in the Purti case. They point out the defence will not stand scrutiny and fear the party chief's problems are only likely to grow with more revelations and a sustained attack from its rival.BJP leaders are not rushing to oust Gadkari claiming the party will not act in a remorseless manner. At the same time Gadkari might be at the receiving end of some well-directed nudges as pressure mounts on the saffron outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16986348", "title": "Four new dengue cases in Salem Government Hospital", "text": "SALEM: Four persons were admitted to Salem Government Hospital with dengue fever on Saturday. P Kannan 24, son of S Perumal of Puthu Mariamman Koil Street in Ponnammapet, S Veerappan 60, a farmer from Pakka Nadu near Sankari, B Venkatachalam 20, son of V Boopathy from Edankana Salai near Elampillai and K Govindarajan 36, son of K Krishnan from Kannankurichi are under going treatment at GH.\"Blood samples of all these patients were tested at the various private hospitals and the tests have revealed symptoms of dengue,\" said a doctor in Salem Government Hospital. We have given them a separate ward and all the patients have been provided with mosquito nets, the doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16986391", "title": "National Dairy Development Board to transfer Mother Dairy's business to MAAHI", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: The National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) is switching over its business operations from Mother Dairy to 'MAAHI' - a Sanskrit name, which means 'earth'.Sources suggest that NDDB has registered 'MAAHI' Milk Producers Company Limited, which unlike the traditional co-operative model will be governed by the Companies Act.MAAHI is expected to become the face of milk producers' company - a concept which NDDB's chairman Dr Amrita Patel is trying to promote since quite some time as an alternative to the Amul model of co-operatives.NDDB is expected to introduce 'MAAHI' brand in Saurashtra, Kutch and Ahmedabad markets soon, while its existing 'Mother Dairy' brand will slowly fade away in Gujarat.Similarly, the Anand-headquartered national board has registered 'Paayas' Milk Producers Company Limited at Jaipur, which it intends to showcase as a model in Rajasthan.Presently, Mother Dairy, run by Mother Dairy Fruits and Vegetable Private Limited, a subsidiary of NDDB, generates business worth Rs 800 crore in Gujarat, while it processes 6.5 lakh litre per day (LLPD) at its Junagadh and Madhapar dairy plants.\"A membership drive for the new milk producers company has ended with 60,000 milk producers registered as members in all districts of Saurashtra and Kutch region. As the next step, business of Mother Dairy will be transferred to MAAHI Milk Producers Company Limited after which all the existing dairy products will be marketed under the new brand,\" a source close to development told TOI, adding that for the initial period MAAHI brand will be promoted through co-branding with Mother Dairy products.The process of operationalizing the new milk producers company is expected to be over within two months. \"Theoretically, it will be a co-operative, but it won't be governed by the state co-operative act. Unlike the traditional three-tier structure of co-operatives, the board of this milk producers company will be chosen by farmers and farmers themselves will be the shareholders,\" said an official, adding that the shares for MAAHI will be shortly issued to farmers at Rs 600 per each registered member.It is pertinent to mention here that on the basis of recommendations of a high powered committee chaired by eminent economist Y K Alagh, the Companies (second amendment) Bill 2001 was finalized and introduced during December 2002 in Parliament. Finally, the Companies (Amendment) Act 2002 came into effect on February 6, 2003, which recognized Producer Companies as a fourth variety of companies.In 2005, NDDB took over dairy plants and cattle feed factory from the erstwhile Gujarat Dairy Development Corporation Limited to promote dairy development on cooperative lines in Saurashtra and Kutch. It restarted Junagadh Dairy, which started supplying liquid milk and butter milk under Mother Dairy brand in Saurashtra and Kutch.Presently, Mother Dairy procures 6.5 LLPD from 2,400 villages of Saurashtra and Kutch region of which it sells four LLPD as milk and buttermilk in pouch format. Mother Dairy is expecting its procurement to cross ten LLPD when milk procurement will reach its peak this winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992617", "title": "Srikanth Addala to direct Jr. NTR", "text": "Looks like actor NTR. Jr is on a signing spree. After okaying Harish Shankar's action script, the actor apparently gave the green signal to director Srikanth Addala's story. Sources close to the director says that NTR would soon team up with Srikanth Addala for an action entertainer to be produced by DVV Danayya.Although Srikanth's current film Seethamma Vaakilto Sirimalle Chettu has been in the making since a long time, the director has managed to pull NTR's dates for his next venture. Reports further add that the film is likely to commence shooting in March 2013 after NTR wraps up Baadshah and Harish Shankar's untitled film.Srikanth Addala made his directorial debut with Kotha Bangaru Lokam (2008), which was a successful project at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992292", "title": "Madonna puts in '110 pc' effort to stay in shape", "text": "Madonna's personal fitness trainer Nicole Winhoffer has revealed that the singer gives in a \"110 per cent\" effort to maintain her incredible figure.Winhoffer, who is the creative director of her Hard Candy Fitness gyms, confessed that the 54-year-old singer does a lot of hard work to stay in shape\"It's hard work, but make time and put in 110 per cent and you will see results,\" Contactmusic quoted Winhoffer as telling Us Weekly.\"The only constant thing is change. Your workouts should be diversified to challenge the mind and body. If your mind and body are not challenged, you won't see results,\" she said.Winhoffer also admitted that she encourages the 'Like a Virgin' hitmaker to set goals for herself to stay on target.\"It's good to set goals. When you're specific about what you are reaching toward, you will get what you want,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990654", "title": "Ready for a transfor-cation?", "text": "Not mere vacations, they are journeys that transform the self. Ismat Tahseen reports on how the idea of 'chilling' has acquired a deeper meaning, at least for some...Your next getaway could be a gateway \u2014 to a new and better you. Yes , spacations and sleep vacations are passe . The latest trend in vacationing is to set a goal and achieve it during the break. Hailed as the holiday in which people transform themselves, the 'transforcation' could be an opportunity to try out anything new \u2014 from astrology, and wildlife courses to archery lessons, boot camps and meditation.On a questFor industrialist Yashovardhan Birla and wife Avanti, Rishikesh is re-invigorating. \"A lot of times, I like it very simple. That desire gets manifested when I go to Rishikesh. There, I have often felt the state of shunya. The idea is that your mind, body and spirit are integrated. You need to be aware of whatever you do, so that it doesn't contradict your conscience. The more we listen to it, the happier our lives will be. We feel transformed after our holidays in Rishikesh,\" he says.A vacation in Thailand helped TV anchor Mandira Bedi kill her fear of diving. She says, \"Raj (Kaushal, her husband) and I recently went to Phi Phi Islands , where our resort offered a scuba-diving class. I had always been apprehensive of diving, as I have asthma. But I did the course and after six dives, got a certificate. It felt great. When I was under water, I realised that life really comes down to what I was doing \u2014 breathing. The experience has helped me as a television presenter, too. The job requires me to live in the moment, breathe and focus deeply. It's calmed me down.\"Theatre director Divya Palat and husband Aditya Hitkari enlightened themselves with archery and oyster-farming lessons when they went to Tasmania.Model Pia Trivedi turns biker whenever she gets an opportunity. \"It started when I joined some friends on a road trip from Chandigarh to Manali and back, recently,\" she says. \"I was the only girl in a group of boys. I won't forget the first time it rained while I was on my Harley. When the downpour began, the first instinct was to run and take shelter. But I just rode on with the others. It made me forget my small fears,\" she recalls.While some are eager students of life, others find joy in teaching. Ecotourism advocate Saad Bin Jung, the grandson of the Begum of Bhopal and from the royal family of Pataudi, walked away from his life of indulgence to the wild. After giving up his first love, cricket, due to ill health, saving wildlife became his passion. He now takes people into forests and down village paths, to teach them about man-animal conflict from the tribals' perspective.Of his African safari camps and bush dinners, he says, \"People come to understand how the back office of a game reserve functions and works under rangers. There is a connect with the wild animals, too. All this becomes life-defining for many. People may feel they can't do this or do that, but then when they do, they get out of the dark, into the light. Watching conservation efforts and people's struggles can alter your way of life. A transforcation like that is a holistic goal, not just something for the photo album or a hands-on thing. It's something that lasts and changes you.\"It's a life-saverDr Seema Hingorrany, psychologist and author of a book on de-stressing, says transforcation is the need of the hour. \"Today, depression and anxiety disorders are alarmingly on the rise. Unfortunately, people look at suicide as the way out. Just visiting a clinical psychologist is not enough, you have to go out and do something for yourself. Here's where transforcation helps. It helps one cope with depression. A break like this lowers the levels of the stress hormone cortisol and can save your life.\"Why transforcation is the need of the hourAccording to a World Health Organisation study, Indian people suffer from depression the most. Around 9% report extended periods of depression, and around 36% suffer from what is called a Major Depressive Episode (MDE). Psychologist Dr Seema Hingorrany, says,\"Transforcation is the need of the hour because depression and anxiety disorders are alarmingly on the rise these days. People are even contemplating suicide as the way out of stress and depression. Just visiting a clinical psychologist is not enough; you have to go out and do something for yourself. That's where 'transforcation' comes in handy; it's actually one of the coping resources to deal with depression. A break like this lowers the stress hormone called cortisol and can save your life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989656", "title": "Scherzinger dons catsuit for Halloween night on X Factor", "text": "Nicole Scherzinger, who once impressed audiences with her stunning figure while she performed sexy dance routines as a member of the Pussycat Dolls , donned a revealing outfit on 'The X Factor' on Saturday which left little to the imagination.The 34-year-old singer's clothing appeared to be a bit too much to handle for Gary Barlow who looked in the opposite direction when she took to her feet to show off her costume.The ladylove of F1 ace Lewis Hamilton went for the shock factor in a lacy catsuit and crimped hair with a black headpiece.\"I just wanted to wear something really simple tonight!\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.Scherzinger wore a figure-hugging, black lace catsuit and her skin was clearly visible through the thin material.The item featured a touch of glamour as sparkling silver sequins were sprinkled across the suit.She painted her lips with bright red lipstick and her eyes were decorated with deep black mascara and eyeliner.On the other hand, her fellow female judge Tulisa opted for all-out glamour in a full-length black gown, finishing off her ensemble by giving it a Halloween touch with a pair of vampire fangs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16992801", "title": "The King is back on top", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jordan King returned to the top of the podium, winning the Race 2 of The MRF Challenge, a support race for the 2012 Indian Grand Prix on Sunday at the Buddh International Circuit .Starting from pole position, King was forced out of the track by Jon Lancaster in the first corner. But King fought back brilliantly with an impressive overtaking manoeuvre, regaining the lead. Once he was back at the top, there was no looking back for King. Lancaster, made several attempts to overtake King, but ran wide only to hit the barrier.Luciano Bacheta and Conor Daly finished second and third respectively after the duo stretched the battle for podium from start to finish. Alice Powell finished fourth with Matthew Mason in fifth and Hector Hurst in sixth.Parthiv Sureshwaren was once more the best placed Indian driver, finishing tenth. King leads the points table with 48 points, followed by Conor Daly with 44 points, and Luciano Bacheta with 39 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986947", "title": "Plan to retain BSY in BJP under way; meet in Delhi", "text": "BANGALORE: In a sudden development, a few ministers close to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa initiated a patch-up process with the BJP urging it to retain the Lingayat leader in the party. Yeddyurappa's close aides and minister Basavaraj Bommai and Umesh V Katti reportedly met state BJP president KS Eshwarappa on Thursday to try and retain the former chief minister who has announced plans to launch a regional party on December 10 at Haveri, 350km from Bangalore.Following the meeting, chief minister Jagadish Shettar and his deputy R Ashoka made efforts to convince Yeddyurappa at his son's residence late Friday. Sources at the meeting told STOI that Yeddyurappa was in sober mood when Shettar and Ashoka felt he should remain in the BJP and strengthen it. \"I don't have anything against the state leaders. Central leaders have ditched me and that's why I'm upset. No one can stop me from going out of the party,\" he is said to have told the CM and DyCM.Shettar reportedly asked Yeddyurappa to keep his options open for negotiations. Buoyed by Yeddyurappa's stand, Eshwarappa arranged a meeting with the high command on Tuesday in New Delhi.Confirming these developments, Eshwarappa told STOI on Saturday that BJP national leaders would meet senior party leaders of the state on October 30 to placate Yeddyurappa and ensure he doesn't quit.\"Some important party leaders from Karnataka will meet central leaders on October 30 to iron out a strategy to retain Yeddyurappa and ensure he doesn't leave,\" he said. Nitin Gadkari , Sushma Swaraj , Arun Jaitley and others are expected to be at the meeting. Yeddyurappa may not be present.When asked what position will be given to Yeddyurappa if he agrees to stay, Eshwarappa said the state unit will abide by any decision of central leaders. \"I'm confident Yeddyurappa will not leave the party,\" he said. A senior leader maintained there may not be a change in the high command decision not to give the Lingayat leader the state unit chief 's post. \"At the most, they may agree to offer the campaign committee chairman's post,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16987192", "title": "Suresh Gopi to lead fight against dengue", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Actor Suresh Gopi will lead a public awareness campaigns on the mosquito menace as part of the state health department's efforts to contain the spread of dengue fever in the state, especially the capital.\"Suresh Gopi has promised full support to the government in its efforts to curb the spread of dengue fever,\" an official statement said here on Saturday. The spread of dengue fever, caused by Aedes mosquitoes, is alarmingly high in south Indian states. A recent meeting of the health ministers of the south Indian states, held in Chennai, had reviewed the situation and decided to take all possible measures to check the health threat caused by these mosquitoes.As per the statistics available with the state health department, as many as 3,401 dengue fever cases were reported in the state between January and October 25 this year. Of this, 2,150 cases were from Thiruvananthapuram district. Seventy per cent of the cases reported in the district were from the city and its suburbs.The drive against the mosquito menace will be carried out in association with the city corporation. The anti-mosquito drive proposes a source-level eradication of mosquitoes. As a first step, a mosquito eradication drive will be carried out at all institutions and commercial establishments in both the government and private sectors on Thursday. The drive will be held from 11am to 12 noon. On November 4, the drive will be taken to all the 100 wards with the respective corporation ward members leading the mosquito eradication squads.As many as 50 small squads would swing into action in every ward. Junior health inspectors, public health nurses, Asha-, Anganwadi-, Kudumbasree workers, residents' association office bearers, youth and social welfare organizations will join the initiative for mosquito eradication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16987214", "title": "Kapurthala Club, Vishal reign supreme", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was golfers from the Rail Coach Factory Golf Club, Kapurthala, who managed to establish their supremacy on the greens in the team event of the '4th Colonel B S Kahlon Memorial Inter-Club Golf Championship, at the Ranjitgarh Golf Club, Phillaur, on Saturday.In the individual category, Vishal Aadya of Ranjitgarh Golf Club took away the trophy with a card of two over 74.Victory came unexpected to Vishal as he did not expect his game to turn out this well on Saturday, he said. \"I guess I found the sweet spots of my clubs. The greens played very fast and it was hard stopping the ball. My short game worked really well, letting me win the tournament for my club,\" he said.The participating teams in the championship organized by the Punjab Golf Association included Ranjitgarh Golf Club, Phillaur; Rail Coach Factory Golf Club, Kapurthala; Army SEPTA Shivalik Golf Club, Chandimandir; PAP Golf Club, Jalandhar.\"What I really enjoyed was competing with some very good golfers,\" said Vishal.On a sunny and clear day, the golfers found the conditions conducive for a good competitive round of golf. Arshbir Saini, a member of the Kapurthala team, said, \"The conditions were good for golf today though they change a bit as the day progresses. Our team played an exceptionally good game today, which made our victory against these equally good sides possible.\"Army SEPTA Shivalik Golf Club, Chandimandir finished second in the team category.After the tournament, a putting competition was held for the non-golfer women on the practice greens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992092", "title": "RiRi splashing on diamonds for next year's world tour", "text": "Rihanna is heavily increasing the budget of her next world tour by shelling out on diamond bracelets, it has been revealed.The 24-year-old singer has bought a load to give to VIPs so they have an unforgettable experience.The 'Umbrella' hit maker has also ordered a diamond-encrusted microphone and mic stand for the shows.\"She's been offering to pay for the diamonds out of her own pocket because management weren't keen,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"She just wants everyone who goes to the gigs to be totally overwhelmed,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985665", "title": "Prayer, feast, sacrifice on Eid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Feasts and charity marked the last Eid of the year \u2014 Eid-ul-Zuha \u2014 popularly known as \"Bakra Eid\" on 10th day of the last month of the Islamic calendar. It begins with prayers, ends in a feast and features an animal sacrifice or qurbani \u2014 typically of goats. There's biryani, korma and sewaiyaan.\"We go for namaz and then retire to our homes for the qurbani, says Raziuddin, a resident of Walled City. A goat will be sacrificed for each member of his large family. He had to procure about 45 animals at Rs 25,000 each. A goat can sell for anything between Rs 15,000 and Rs 2 lakh.\"We can sacrifice till 4pm every day, till Monday,\" he adds. Raziuddin has hired butchers from the Old Delhi shops and they charge Rs 600 for a bakra. The meat is distributed as it's carved, and it goes to the poor, to friends and to members of the family. \"We send it to people in the area who can't afford to sacrifice goats themselves,\" says Raziuddin.\"The meat is divided into three parts \u2014 for ourselves, for our relatives and for the poor,\" says Rashid Rehman. Rehman went for Eid prayer to a mosque at ITO, returned to a breakfast of 'sheer korma' (sewaiyan) and kachori.\"Also, we are supposed to eat the liver of the goat,\" he adds. The meat that is given away can be cooked or raw. \"We gave some money and uncooked meat at the madrassa near Sadar Bazar,\" he says.Iqbal Ahmed went for the namaz despite being \"practically immobilized\" by two surgeries last month. \"I went for prayer to Turkman Gate. After the prayers, we generally meet friends and family. I can't offer a sacrifice this year but my brother will perform the sacrifice,\" he adds.Ahmed explains that sacrifices can involve the \"direct sacrifice\" of a single goat or the \"shared\" sacrifice of a bigger animal.Thousands gathered for prayers at Jama Masjid on Saturday morning. Shahi Imam, Syed Abdul Shakoor Shah Bukhari addressed them. Though he restricted his speech to religious issues, he also said, \"The country is going through a difficult stage. Though there is no place in the world where there's peace, there's a question-mark on the future of our country ...politicians are using Muslims for their own interests. Claiming to be secular, they get our votes but no one is ready to ensure security for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991905", "title": "Emma Roberts pays homage to aunt Julia in 'Pretty Woman' hooker dress", "text": "Emma Roberts paid tribute to her famous aunt Julia by wearing her iconic 'Pretty Woman' hooker costume for a Halloween party in Los Angeles on Friday.The 22-year-old actress donned a blonde wig, thigh high boots and mini skirt to perfectly replicate prostitute, Vivian Ward, from the 1990 blockbuster, Radar Online reported.Emma - who was joined by her 'American Horror Story' boyfriend, Evan Peters - wore the revealing outfit to attend Hollywood insider Mike Meldman's annual Halloween party in Los Angeles.The 'We're the Millers' star was a spitting image of Julia, who was just 24 years old when she was nominated for an Academy Award for the role alongside Richard Gere .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16987414", "title": "Cops clueless in live bullet case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city police are still clueless about the source of the live bullet that was found on the Trivandrum international Airport premises on Friday. Though, they have checked the passengers' list and surveillance camera footages at the airport, they have not received any vital information in this regard.Sangumugham assistant commissioner K S Vimal, who is in charge of the investigation, said that the police have decided to approach the manufacturers of the bullet as a last resort. The case attained seriousness, especially in the wake of President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to the capital city on Monday.\"On the bullet, it is etched as manufactured in 1990. We have decided to write to the Ordnance Factories Board (OFB) under the defence department to find out whom it was supplied to,\" said the AC.The bullet might have been manufactured in any one of the Indian Ordnance Factories that function at the different parts of the country. They might have the details of the individual or organization to whom the ammunition was supplied with the help of its serial number, said the AC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16990606", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle: Salman Khurshid is new external affairs minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday appointed Salman Khurshid as his new foreign minister. Khurshid, 59, replaces SM Krishna as the top diplomat and his post as a law minister goes to Ashwani Kumar, a spokesman said.MM Pallam Raju is to be made the next HRD minister, while Shashi Tharoor is likely to be made junior minister with the portfolio.First timer Manish Tewari moves from being a spokesperson of the Congress Party to minister of state for information and broadcasting, while Deepa Dasmunshi from West Bengal will be minister of state for culture.K Rehman Khan is to be made the cabinet minister for minority affairs.Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Tariq Anwar will be the new minister of state for agriculture.Pawan Kumar Bansal will get railways, but loses parliamentary affairs to Kamal Nath, who will alos keep urban development.Within the government, Jyotiraditya Scindia, Sachin Pilot and R P N Singh will be assigned new roles.Scindia is likely to get independent charge of power, Pilot will have independent charge of corporate affairs and Singh moves as minister of state for home. None of them have been given cabinet rank, as was being speculated. All of them are second generation Congress leaders.Uttarakhand veteran Harish Rawat will be the new water resources minister.Dinsha Patel, from Gujarat, will be the cabinet minister for mines.Chandrashwari Katoch, who is from Rajasthan, is new culture minister.Ajay Maken is new housing and urban poverty alleviation minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991039", "title": "I'd love to be Bond girl, says Kelly Brook", "text": "Kelly Brook has revealed her desire to play a Bond girl, and has also thought a name for her character.\"I'd love to be a Bond girl - especially if I could be a villain,\" the Daily Star quoted her as saying.\"I've been killed in gruesome ways in films so I'd happily get bumped off.\"They could call me Miss Funny Fanny,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985478", "title": "Nagpur University fails to invite Govornor nominee for management council meet", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be a big communication gap between the officials in Nagpur University. The officials at the administration failed to apprise the Management Council members of its emergent meeting. This has left the members seething. Worst still, they forget to even invite the chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar for the meeting that is scheduled on Thursday. PRO Prashant Mohite couldn't be contacted due to holiday.It is not for the first time that such blunders have happened. The issue has irked the members who along with Khadakkar have expressed their strong displeasure with the VC.Khadakkar confirmed the development to TOI stating that he will be lodging a complaint with the chancellor K Sankaranarayan's office. \"How can the officials forget to notify the members about such important meetings? They should be taken to task by the higher officials,\" an angry Khadakkar said.Another member who didn't wish to be named stated that it happens regularly as the NU administration gives them least priority. \"The administration and officials have grudge against the members of various statutory bodies as we prevent them from promoting their vested interests. We force them to work in a transparent manner. We also oppose their dictatorial regime in the university and hence incur their wrath,\" he explained.The member added that the chancellor's nominee has a special place in the Management Council, that is the highest decision making body of any university. \"He represents the highest office in Mumbai and updates it of events taking place in the university. Hence, not inviting him for the meeting raises suspicion. NU top brass must not repeat such blunders,\" he said.According to him, majority of the officials in NU didn't know how to operate the computer or use the Internet. This hampered the efficiency with which the matters were related to the various sections. \"In this fast-paced world of IT, NU officials still lives in the dark age. A glaring example is absence of Internet facility in many departments of NU campus even after a gap of two and half years. Where other campuses of other universities have become Wi-Fi facilities, NU students and teachers still have to go to the nearby net cafes for their needs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16985965", "title": "Online monitoring of complaints against govt departments", "text": "GURGAON: To ensure close monitoring of the complaints against the government departments, the Haryana government is working on an online system through which the reports of action taken on grievances would be provided to the people, the chief secretary, P K Chaudhery said on Friday.The chief secretary announced it during a meeting with the Industrial Association of Gurgaon and Faridabad where he said the mechanism would provide instant response to residents in the state. The reports will be made available to all residents on the website of the government department against whom the complaint has been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985884", "title": "Dredging unearths \u2018WWII\u2019 bomb", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-ft-long bomb, reportedly used in World War II, was found in the sea, 6.48 nautical miles (12 km) from the Gateway of India. The oval-shaped explosive got stuck in the teeth of a dredging machine while clearing sand from the seabed on Thursday night. But officials did not attempt to remove the explosive, which is 1-ft in diameter, from the machine, fearing it would explode if not handled properly, said the Yellow Gate police.Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) officials stopped the dredging work thereafter and informed the police received about the explosive on Friday afternoon. \"Earlier too, officials have stumbled upon several explosives while dredging or digging in the seabed close to the Mumbai shore and dock areas. But this is the biggest ever that has been fished out. It is a very old bomb and seems to be the one that was used in World War II,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Yellow Gate division) HG Shinde.\"Our boats cannot be used to reach the spot due to technical problems. We are awaiting alternate resources from JNPT. Defence officials have been intimated,\" said an officer. \u2014 V Narayan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985870", "title": "Woman to be probed for vilifying HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has directed police to investigate about a woman who had leveled scandalous allegations against the court claiming it has been influenced.Justice Manmohan had recently pulled up police for ignoring to investigate the woman even after she had openly made allegations against sitting judges for ordering demolition in Parda Bagh area.HC was hearing a petition filed by a man facing charges under the SC/ST Act. According to the woman, one Pankaj had abused his daughter's caste and must be prosecuted for this. However, the police found certain discrepancies later and chose not to arrest Pankaj even after filing a chargesheet. While responding to Pankaj's petition in HC, the police cited various grounds for not arresting him. The cops told HC that the victim Rajni neither reported the matter to the police nor made a PCR call on the day of the alleged abuse, but only reported the incident to her parents.It was only after a delay of three-and-a-half-months that Rajni's mother chose to approach police and lodge a complaint against Pankaj. The cops also agreed of contradictions in the statement of the witness in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986506", "title": "Police launch hunt for sub-inspector's assailants", "text": "CHENNAI: In Sivaganga, the attack sparked tension as the police launched combing operations and tightened security. \"The assailants are yet to be arrested. We have picked up certain people for interrogation. We will nab the assailants soon,\" said Sivaganga SP M Panneerselvam.A group of men attempted to cross the checkpost at Vembathur in a van, but the police stopped them and asked them to take another route as there was a traffic diversion. But the group insisted that they be allowed to drive through the barricaded road and an argument ensued. During the heated exchange, one of the group members assaulted sub-inspector Alwin Suthan with a knife.Constables Sivakumar, 45, and Karnan, 47, rushed to his rescue, but they were also attacked by the group. The three men were rushed to a private hospital in Madurai where Alwin died. South Zone IG Rajesh Das and DIG Ramasubramani, who were supervising the security arrangements, went to Vembathur to conduct inquiries.Chinna Maruthu and Periya Maruthu, known as Maruthu Brothers, served as army generals of Sivaganga under the erstwhile Ramanathapuram princely state. They were credited with making the first proclamation of Independence in 1801, and the same year they were captured and hanged on October 27.Every year, the death anniversary of the brothers is celebrated in a grand manner and a large number of people come to Kalayarkovil. Due to communal undercurrents in the celebrations, a large contingent of police is deployed during the celebrations. \"This year too we deployed nearly 5,000 police personnel. Checkposts have been put up and there were traffic diversions so that visitors to Kalayarkoil do not enter sensitive spots,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16985997", "title": "Bhattal asks Captain to mend ways", "text": "JALANDHAR: After several Congress leaders and ground level workers in their interaction with All India Congress Committee general secretary Rahul Gandhi during his recent visits to Punjab shared their views over PCC chief captain Amarinder Singh's inaccessibility, former CLP leader Rajinder Kaur Bhattal has asked Captain Amarinder Singh to mend his ways to improve the condition of the party in the state.Speaking to mediapersons here, Bhattal while making comments about the personality and working of Singh, said son of a maharaja always remains a maharaja in his habits and behaviour. \"When he was in Akali Dal he had similar habits and style of working and now also he has the same style of conducting himself. But Congress is a party of the poor and commoners and Captain should bring some change in his habits that suit the Congress,\" Bhattal said.\"He should go to the grassroots level workers so that party can win the 2014 Lok Sabha elections,\" she said.Meanwhile she held that by maintaining distance from the state leadership and directly interacting with local level leaders, Rahul Gandhi did a very good thing as it helped him to get the real picture of state of affairs in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16983251", "title": "Windows 8: An OS made for touchscreens", "text": "We talked about Windows 8 on a laptop (and desktop) a few days ago. It is a good OS but with dual personality and on a laptop, without a touchscreen, this affects the user experience in a rather negative way. Even Microsoft tacitly acknowledges that Windows 8 works best when it is paired with a touchscreen. To test this claim, we spent some days with a Windows 8 tablet.Made by Samsung , the tablet that we used was powered by a Core i5 Sandy Bridge processor and 4GB RAM. It was rather thick and was prone to overheating because of the powerful hardware inside it. But fortunately, this tablet was just a concept device. It will not go on sale in the market.The Windows tablets that will be available in the market will be likely less powerful than the one we used. Though this shouldn't be an issue because prototype tablet was overkill. The actual tablets are also going to be much more sleeker, with better design and improved finish.Windows 8 and a tablet go together a lot better than Windows 8 and a desktop. There are two main reasons for it.One, the gestures that feel jarring with keyboard and mouse seem natural and obvious with a tablet. Just swipe down from the top bezel to close an app. Flick and cycle through open apps by swiping right from the left bezel. Swiping up from the bottom bezel brings up the options while the right bezel is used to bring up charms. It all happens in fluid and fast manner. There is no lag.Second reason why Windows 8 works well with the touchscreen is due to the design language it uses. Modern UI uses big and beautiful tiles. These are easy to click with fingers. Also, apps with Modern UI have lots of white space. This again makes a lot of sense on touchscreen as various options can be clicked with finger taps with ease. There is no risk of hitting two options.Of course, some issues persist. Because Windows 8 works best as a tablet OS when it is being used in Metro UI mode, we hated going to the 'desktop mode', which is similar to the environment in Windows 7. Unfortunately, the Windows app store, which is the only place to download apps with Modern UI, is still not well stocked. This means there are times when Windows 8 tablets users will have to leave the Modern World and enter the OS of yore. Though app situation is improving at an astounding rate.Most Windows tablets will come with keyboard docks or other similar accessories that would allow users to convert them into a 'laptop'. For example, Surface, the tablet made by Microsoft, comes with keyboard accessories. Using Windows 8 device with a keyboard or mouse is not as satisfying as using it on a tablet. But the flexibility is a welcome addition. Pairing the tablet with a keyboard helps in certain cases. For example, while watching a film on the tablet you get an email and you have to type a rather long reply. Well, you can connect the keyboard to the tablet and use it to type and send the mail. After that you can detach the keyboard and go back to the video.Overall, the tablet experience with Windows 8 is better than what iPad or Android tablets offer. The various gestures are ingenious way of navigating around the OS. More importantly, deep within it is a full-fat operating system. This means, many tablets powered by Windows 8 will accept pen drives, handle demanding tasks like video editing and run complex PC games like Call of Duty or Need For Speed.Multitasking, which feels limited on a desktop because a user can just see two windows at a time, is so much better on a tablet. The reason why it feels better on a tablet is because of the context. Android tablets or iPad can only run one app at a time. In many cases, they even have difficulty keeping apps running in the background. On Windows 8 tablet, you can access two apps at a time and all apps, irrespective of number, run well in the background. For desktop this sort of multitasking may feel lame but for a tablet it is a huge improvement.The only issue at the moment, as we said earlier is lack of apps. Microsoft will have to get that part right before Windows 8 tablets can go head-to-head against iPad. All else looks pretty for Microsoft's first proper tablet OS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985816", "title": "22 more women escape rehab centre in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-two inmates of Navjeevan Mahila Vasti Grah in Mankhurd reportedly managed to escape the women's home on Saturday. Cops said negligence on part of the officials in charge of the state-run organization was responsible for the easy escape of the women, who had been rehabilitated at the home after being rescued from different bars and brothels in the city.On Saturday afternoon, 35 inmates decided to make a run for it after realizing that the centre's door was unlocked. While 22 of them managed to jump the compound wall and escape, 13 others were caught by the staff present inside.\"The women managed to escape easily through the unlocked main gate,\" said a Govandi police officer.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid confirmed the incident and said this was the second time in two months that such an incident had taken place. Khalid held negligence on part of the officials running the rehabilitation centre responsible for the incident.Between 2-3pm, the women inmates realized that the centre's doors were unlocked and decided to scale the 10-ft compound wall outside to make their escape. \"The 35 women managed to exit the centre after noticing that the door was unlocked. Initially, the escapees climbed the compound wall one at a time to ensure that no one came to know about their escape. But they began fighting when the staff caught them in the act,\" said the officials.Officials at the centre managed to overpower 13 women, suffering bruises in the melee. \"We will question those who were caught to know more about their plans,\" cops said.The Govandi police is likely to likely register a case under Section 225 (A) (resistance or obstruction to lawful apprehension of another person) of the IPC against the escapees.A police source said that on both occasions when inmates decided to make a run for it, an insider had helped them flee. This is the second successful attempt by women from the rehabilitation centre in less than two months' time.On September 10, 17 women fled from the centre after cutting through iron rods in a toilet window with a hacksaw. \"An eyewitness, Ashok Bhai, who runs a garage near Mankhurd railway station, said all the escapees were in night dresses when they were seen running towards the station. When he asked them why they were running, they said they wanted to register a complaint with the Mankhurd police against someone who had beaten up their friend,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985558", "title": "Court: Rape by tutor blot on profession", "text": "NEW DELHI: Crime against women, especially rape, is on the increase and, ironically, society appears to be unconcerned, showing little or no concern for the honour of women, a Delhi court has lamented.Awarding a 10-year sentence to a teacher for raping his minor student, a Delhi court has said the act \"brought a bad name to the institution of learning\" and slammed the society for insensitivity towards women. Additional sessions judge Vijay Kumar Dahiya said convicted tutor Hari Shankar Kumar had \"shattered the society's belief in the sanctity of the noble profession of teaching\".\"I am convinced that convict deserves no mercy and any leniency shown to the convict would be highly misplaced. The convict is hereby sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for 10 years and fine to the tune of Rs 20,000,\" the judge said on Friday. The penalty would be paid to the 12-year victim as compensation.The court said that in Indian culture a teacher \"is always held in high esteem and so much reverence is given to the profession that if a person is standing before god and his teacher he will first pay obeisance to the latter\".According to the prosecution, the man used to visit the victim's home for tuition. On the day of the incident, he raped her after bolting the room's door from inside. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992207", "title": "Siddharth- Sundar\u2019s film to release in Telugu", "text": "After sharing screen space in the youthful entertainer Oh My Friend, Siddharth and Hansika are all set to work together for another film to be directed by Sundar C. And this romantic entertainer will be produced by Kushbu Sundar. The film will also be releasing in Telugu as the script and cast would be customized to suit the Telugu nativity.Confirming the news on his micro blogging site Siddharth tweeted, \"Working with Sundar sir is a long time wish come true. And to have Khushboo produce it, wow! And I FINALLY get to work with Santhanam! Yay! Happy to be back on screen with @_Hansika ...this time in a Tamil film...'Theeya velai seiyyanum Kumaru...' is going to be fun! Thanks Sundar sir!\" (sic).Siddharth is currently shooting for Nandini Reddy's untitled film and is also gearing to produce couple of films under the Etaki Entertainments Banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986709", "title": "Kerala\u2019s wildlife is safe and thriving, says survey", "text": "KOCHI: A wildlife survey carried out in the state in 2011, after a gap of nine years, has come out with some reassuring findings. Kerala's wildlife population has largely stabilised while certain animal populations are even showing signs of growth.The 2011 census data submitted to the Forest Department by the Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI), Peechi, estimates the elephant population of the state to be 7,490 while it was 6,939 in 2002. It also reveals that tuskers account for 30% of the total elephant population in the state, and that there are 2.1 females (cows) for every male (bull) elephant in Kerala while there is 1.5 sub-adult female for every single sub-adult male elephant. Density of elephants shows a marginal decline from 2.64 per square kilometre in 2002 to 2.18 square kilometre in 2011. \"But this could be due to differences in methodologies in the census,\" a wildlife expert said.Decrease in poaching due to deterrence provided by stringent laws and heightened awareness among the general populace are cited as the main reasons for the healthy situation of the state's wildlife population.The survey was carried out jointly by the Forest Department, World Wildlife Fund (WWF) India, KFIR and Periyar Foundation. More than 2,000 officials and over 600 volunteers from across the state took part in the three-day census which was held from May 18, 2011 and covered 15 species of animals. While the 2002 census had covered almost the entire forest area in the state, in 2011 the enumeration was confined to 50% of the forest area, and figures for the entire area were based on projections.The other 14 animals covered in the survey are lion-tailed macaque, bonnet macaque, Nilgiri langur, common langur, gaur, sambar deer, spotted deer, barking deer, mouse deer, wild boar, Malabar giant squirrel, Indian porcupine, sloth bear and wild dog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985917", "title": "BJP restrains itself from supporting Rajendra Rathore", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as BJP's chief whip in the assembly, Rajendra Rathore, is busy seeking legal opinion, the state BJP - unlike the last time - has restrained from extending support to him.The Rajasthan High Court had asked Rathore to surrender before the trial court immediately for his involvement in the 2006 Dara Singh fake encounter case. Rathore, who filed an application in the high court seeking four weeks time to approach the Supreme Court, was reportedly in Delhi on Saturday.Rathore's son Parakram Singh was also in Delhi along with senior BJP legislators from the Vasundhara Raje camp including Digambar Singh and Radheshyam Ganganagar. The MLAs along with Rathore's son met at the residence of party's MP Bhupendra Yadav in Delhi. There were unconfirmed reports about former chief minister and leader of opposition in the assembly Vasundhara Raje rushing to Delhi from Dholpur on Saturday.While the Raje camp has silently extended support to Rathore, the state party chief is acting in a cautious manner. Last time around, a series of statements against the misuse of CBI and in favour of Rathore were made when Rathore was arrested by the CBI in April 5.This time around, nobody has come out in strong support of Rathore from either the Raje camp nor the other group. State party president Arun Chaturvedi, when asked about this said, \"It's a legal battle which would be fought in the court. We cannot take it to the streets.''A major reason behind this is believed to be the party's attempt to woo the Jat and Bishnoi voters who are conventionally supporters of the Congress but presently not happy with the ruling party. \"Last time around by openly supporting Rathore, the party had irked the Jat community but now with elections round the corner, the party is not willing to take chances. Moreover, the party is waiting to see which side is the case going,'' said a senior member.Law will take its own course says MM Joshi on Gadkari caseSenior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi , reacting to the allegations against party president Nitin Gadkari, said the law will take its own course.He himself had said he was ready for an inquiry. We have full faith in our legal system,'' said Joshi, who was in the state capital on Saturday.While interacting with the media, he raised concerns over the widening economic gap in the society due to unbalanced growth and said that the matters related to glabalisation-based development should be reconsidered. \"Reconsidering on the process of globalisation is necessary today. Western countries have started doing so. Results are not encouraging,\" Joshi said. On FDI, he said the sectors where FDI should be welcomed are a matter of debate. \"There is no point having FDI in all sectors, particularly retail. FDI in retail needs to be urgently discussed,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989348", "title": "Susan Boyle's 'rise to fame' being made into flick", "text": "Britain's Got Talent star Susan Boyle has revealed that her rise to fame is being made into a major biopic.Boyle, 51, said that she would like British legend Julie Walters to play her in the movie.\"My story will make a great film. We are in the middle of negotiations just now for a film about my life,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"There's only one person I'd love to play me - and that's Julie Walters. She would do the job and you just know she would do my story justice.\"The success I've had is surreal and unbelievable. I never expected to be able to do a tenth of what I've done. But now I've done it I just want to do everything and take every opportunity that comes my way,\" she said.Boyle is still stunned by the public's response to her.\"When I signed the recording contract originally I had no idea what I was doing, to be honest. I just signed papers and started singing,\" she said.\"I had no idea how far I would go. I just walked into Sony after the show and said I'd enjoy the process while it lasts. And now there will be a film of my life. It's truly amazing,\" she added.It's less than four years since Boyle came second to dance troupe Diversity on Britain's Got Talent and since then she's sold more than 18 million albums worldwide and is said to be worth 30 million pounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16987499", "title": "Desi Agatha Christies mark their presence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home-bred Agatha Christies are marking their presence. Thanks to a bunch of enterprising women authors, Indian writing in English has just got a fresh batch of detective novels and desi sleuths.Debutant Madhumita Bhattacharya's The Masala Murder introduces private investigator Reema Ray, a food writer and compulsive baker in Kolkata who has unwittingly become an expert in investigating cases of marital infidelity. Literary writer Anita Nair makes her foray into what she prefers to call \"literary noir\" with Cut Like Wound, featuring Inspector Borei Gowda. Set in Bangalore, the book traces the adventures of the inspector hot on the heels of a serial killer. October also saw the launch of Swati Kaushal's Drop Dead, where a senior woman police officer in Himachal Pradesh must get to the bottom of a high-profile murder case even as she frets over her un-happening sex life. And then there's Singapore-based Anu Kumar's, It Takes a Murder, a psychological thriller set in a hill station.\"In general, there are more female writers nowadays. And a lot of crime writing is coming in too. So it is only natural to have more women writing these books,\" says Nandita Aggarwal, editor of publishing house Hachette.Internationally, many a sleuth, investigator or just plain snooper has captivated the readers' imagination. From Nancy Drew to Isabel Dalhousie - there is a mystery solver for every age and kind of reader. On the other hand, mass-market fiction in India is dominated by \"chick lit\", campus stories and romances and semi-autobiographical coming-of-age- yarns. \"Although Indian mass-market fiction has come of age in the last decade, as a genre, murder mysteries have been slow to take off,'' says the Gurgaon-based Bhattacharya. India now seems to be filling this gap in its popular English fiction.It began as a trickle. As early as 2004, Manjiri Prabhu came up with astro detective Sonia Samarth in her book The Cosmic Clues, where the detective employs astrology and astral charts in her investigations. A sequel followed in 2006 with Astral Alibi. In 2009, Madhulika Liddle's 17th century sleuth Muzaffar Jang made an appearance with the first book of her series \"The Englishman's Cameo\". She is expected to come out with the third of the series, Engraved in Stone, in November. Earlier this year, Rukmani Anandani's A Mysterious Death at Sainik Farms had the \"Tam Brahm\" private investigator Ganpathi Iyer get to the bottom of a south Delhi murder. Now, with the new releases that have come, and the others that are to follow, the trickle is a veritable torrent.Different writers have chosen the genre for different reasons. Nair says her foray into \"noir\" has been \"accidental\", and partly a result of wanting to challenge herself. \"The book necessitated a lot of research and I was reluctant to let go of Gowda,\" she says when asked about turning it into a Inspector Borei Gowda series.Bhattacharya says her choice of genre was a very conscious one. \"I had written a genre-less book before this. A lot of publishers read it and appreciated it, but nobody would accept it. So I thought I'd try my hand at something that has been tried and tested. People asked me - why not chick-lit? But it just didn't excite me,\" says Bhattacharya, who is planning a trilogy. Like her, Kaushal too is contractually bound to write two more books in the series with her sassy superintendent of police.Kumar feels this sudden surge of Indian detective novels in English may have something to do with where India is headed as a country. \"You have now these amazing writers from Scandinavia, and Sweden in particular, and then there were writers in Britain from the 50s onward, largely women writing fiction. There are some in Spain of the 70s-80s too. I guess it's when answers about where you are, where you live, what you are part of, become elusive and difficult to find, that a writer finds answers in a way in crime fiction,\" says Kumar.She feels the mystery and detective fiction scene in India is encouraging.\"The challenge for authors, is not merely to create memorable characters - and every detective who is imprinted in your memory is someone with quirks and foibles - but to explore the opportunities such stories offer to understand the human condition too,\" says Kumar. Now that's for the readers to investigate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986817", "title": "With a penchant for their traditions", "text": "KOCHI: When 35-year-old Lachmandas Aswani arrived in Kochi in 1955, he carried with him the burden of a refugee of Partition and the reputation of being one of the most successful distributors of Imperial Tobacco Company (now Indian Tobacco Company) cigarettes in Wellington, near Ooty.He landed with his pregnant wife and a son, after being driven out of Sindh in 1947. If not for the tempting offer given by ITC, Aswani would have never come to Kochi.\"ITC gave land to my father-in-law to set up a tobacco shop on MG Road in Kochi, due to which he migrated to the city and brought with him three more Sindhi families to help him in the business. They were the first Sindhis in the city,\" said Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry ladies forum chairperson Jyoti Aswani. Lachmandas expired in 1990.A dispossessed community, these Sindhi Hindus who migrated to India after Partition, build their business empire in the city. As business grew, the number of Sindhi families in the city grew to 15. However, due to labour issues here, business suffered. Later on, many shift base to Mumbai or Gujarat and now the number of Sindhi families in the city has reduced to eight, while in the state it is 25.The identity-conscious community speaks Sindhi at home so that their children learn the language.\"We want our children to learn the mother tongue and talk to us in Sindhi,\" said businessman Ashok Rijwani. They also cook traditional Sindhi foods like koki, dal pakwan, sai bhaji, Sindhi pulao, kadhi and seyal machi at home. For their weddings, they specially fly down a Sindhi Brahmin from either Ajmer or Jaipur, so that the wedding can be conducted as per Sindhi tradition and rituals.Interestingly, even as the Sindhis here stick to their culture and traditions, they modified their outlook, which helped them expand their business and understand local market trends.When Aswani family realized that tobacco business was no more profitable, they shifted to textiles and for first time introduced readymade trousers and shirts in 1986, at a time when mundu was popular here. \"We were amazed by the success of the readymade garment shop,\" said Aswani.Under the banner of All Kerala Sindhi Association, the one binding force of its members is the sea deity, Jhulelal.They all gather at Juhlelal's temple run by Gujaratis at Mattanchery on Cheti Chand, the Sindhi New Year. Jhulelal, also known as Uderolal and Dariyalal, was born in Sindh province in Pakistan in the 11th century and freed the community from the then Sindhi tyrant king Mirkshah. They also come together during important festivals or celebrations in the community.Though Sindhis have risen from the ashes of Partition, the scars of the loss they suffered becomes evident as they reveal to you about the loss of property and human life their forefathers witnessed in 1947.Most of them have never been to Sindh in Pakistan, but live on the hope of visiting the place someday. \"We keep our Sindhi traditions alive in our homes in Kochi,\" said businessman Sunil Lalwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985744", "title": "Engineer suspended as gallons of water go down the drain", "text": "BHOPAL: Mayor Krishna Gaur suspended a city engineer and served a show-cause notice to the ADB project manager as gallons of water was wasted owing to leakage in valve of feeder main line of Narmada distribution scheme at Indrapuri B Sector on Saturday.During an on the spot inspection of the area with additional commissioner G P Mali, where new pipelines have been laid for the Narmada scheme, valve leakage was found in main feeder line. The mayor expressed her displeasure over laxity of officials, resulting in wastage of water.Subsequently, the mayor suspended city engineer, water works C S Kawalkar and served a show cause notice to Asian Development Bank (ADB) project manager, project implementation unit, Bhopal, Rajesh Bisaria.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) had completed laying and testing of the feeder main line under the Narmada distribution scheme in the past. The feeder line at Indrapuri was supplying water to the Damkheda area. Because of the leakage in the valve on Friday, the area was flooded with water gushing out the pipeline for more than two hours.The mayor also instructed BMC officials to discharge duty in a judicious manner. Also, she condemned the wastage of gallons of water in the process and the inconvenience caused to the residents of the area.Corporator Girish Sharma was also present during the inspection along with ADB project manager Bisaria and city engineer C S Kawalkar among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "leeds", "code": "16988918", "title": "Rupesh wins career's second world title", "text": "LEEDS: Rupesh Shah became only the fifth Indian cueist to lift the world title twice after he beat Australia's Matthew Bolton 6-2 in the final of the World Billiards (point frame).Starting by winning the lag, he won the first game comfortably but in the next game, Bolton levelled the match 1-1 at the Northern Snooker Centre.Fifth game was the turning point in this match where Bolton missed cannon on 148 and Rupesh settled the score 3-2 in his favour.In the next game, Rupesh made unfinished break to advance the lead and was cruising along comfortably till the closing moments of the eighth game in which he missed the match winning red-pot.Bolton made a break of 83 points and went out of position on a score of 105.Rupesh played safe even as Bolton attempted a long red pot. The Australian further attempted short jenny but ended up giving a chance of pot to Rupesh which the Indian converted into his match winning shot.Rupesh had earlier defeated big guns like Mike Russell (in quarterfinal), Peter Gilchrist (in semifinal).Meanwhile, former world champion Pankaj Advani knocked out his compatriot Dhruv Sitwala in the semifinal to enter the final of World Billiards (time format) against defending champion Mike Russell.Pankaj made a good start in the first session and with the help of three breaks of 167, 205 and 257, he built a lead of 600 points by the session break.Dhruv couldn't do anything except an attempted century break that ended on 86 when he lost position.In the second session, Pankaj kept enhancing his lead using small breaks of 52, 71, 69 and 71. Dhruv had nothing much to do despite having breaks of 57, 52, 52, 56, 96, 56, 57 and 91. Finally Advani won the match by 514 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16986970", "title": "Confederation not to take part in bus strike", "text": "KANNUR: The All Kerala Bus Operators' Confederation has said it would not participate in the bus strike that has been announced from Monday midnight.The organizations are threatening with the strike even though they know that the government is planning to hike the bus charge soon. \"This is not justified,\" said the confederation's convener V J Sebastian at a press conference here on Saturday.He also said it was the threat by some organizations to start strike that delayed the government's decision to increase bus charges. The Kerala State Private Bus Operators' Federation, Kerala State Limited Stop Bus Operators' Association and All Kerala Bus Operators' Forum and Kerala Bus Transport Association form the confederation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986834", "title": "Federation of University Teachers' Associations against November 30 deadline for varsities' budget proposals", "text": "PATNA: Taking strong exception to the state government's directive to the universities to finalize their budget proposals for the next financial year (2013-14) latest by November 30 on the basis of rationalization of posts done recently, the Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) has stated that any hasty exercise would lead to further chaos and confusion prevailing in the universities.Futab working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha and general secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh said the recent directive to the universities to finalize their budget proposals on the basis of rationalization of posts shown in the government notification dated October 17, 2012, for each of the college and postgraduate department of different universities is hardly practical, especially when ad hocism was ruling the roost in the universities. A vice-chancellor being in charge of more than one university can hardly afford to meet the deadline.They said when the government took more than a decade in implementing a cabinet decision of 2001, heaven would not fall if the wider implications were considered before implementation of the rationalization process. The government should first set a clear deadline for de-linking of intermediate education from degree colleges. They further said the total number of posts taken for rationalization does not match the number of posts identified college-wise for budgetary grants of preceding financial years.There are numerous such anomalies and if the universities prepared budgets as per the government direction, the situation would worsen as the current exercise of rationalization was based on the students strength of 2007-08 and the then working and sanctioned strength of teachers, the Futab leaders said. Moreover, in large number of cases, an incumbent post has either been transferred to other college or has been abolished without any direction for the posting of such incumbent.They were surprised over the fact that teaching of several subjects under the faculties of humanities and science has been done away with in many colleges. In some of the colleges, only a single teacher is left without any consideration of Honours teaching in the subject. In one university, undergraduate teaching in Bangla has been abolished but PG teaching has been introduced. The total exercise lacks vision and away from the ground reality, they alleged.The Futab has urged the government that the rationalization exercise be utilized first to accommodate those eligible teachers of fourth phase constituent colleges whose cases are pending in different courts against the surplus posts identified or against posts recommended to be created. This will solve the vexed issue of absorbing the services of those teachers working for over two decades, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16985279", "title": "Hoax call to Gurgaon IndiGo from Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The number from which a hoax call was made to destroy some flights of IndiGo airlines in Gurgaon was traced in a remote village of South Tripura on Friday. Police has started investigation to identify the caller here.Initially, the police had detained a vegetable vendor of Tebaria village under PR Bari police station identified as Rabi Majumder, but he was later released, as they found out that the accused was not involved in the matter. \"During interrogation, it was found that Rabi was innocent. He is a vegetable vendor and as he is semi-literate, he cannot even use a cell phone. Someone else might have used his name or documents to procure the SIM card,\" South Tripura superintendent of police Shankar Debnath said.According to reports, a person identifying himself as the son of Osama Bin Laden called up the Gurgaon office of IndiGo airlines and threatened to destroy all the flights which will fly at low height on Saturday.On complaint from IndiGo authorities, Delhi Police investigated the matter and found that the call was made from the number 8575925281, issued in the name of Rabi Majumder, who apparently turned out to be the vegetable vendor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985788", "title": "Several persons sustained injuries in clashes during immersion of Durga idols in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Several persons, including a town inspector sustained injuries in clashes reported in the processions taken out during immersion of Durga idols in the old city on Thursday night.The police registered three separate cases. In the first incident, the police said TI Nagendra Pateria was on duty when two sides came to blows near Shankaracharya Nagar.Both sides resorted to stone-pelting in which Pateria also sustained injury on his head. Later, a case against unidentified accused was registered with the Mangalwara police station on the police officer's complaint.The second incident took place on Chhola Road area. Police said a tableau procession was going on when two unidentified outsiders joined it and began dancing. However, when the organizers of the procession tried to stop them, the two stabbed Jitendra Parihar and escaped.Similarly, in the third incident that also took place in the same locality, the police said a person identified as Sameer was attacked with a sword by Sita Ram, Sushant, Ankit and few others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986154", "title": "Public grievance officers appointed", "text": "PANAJI: Senior public prosecutor, Panaji, Shiral Souza Monteiro has been appointed as public grievance officer at the district level for North Goa. He will be available at the office of the public prosecutor, district and sessions court, Panaji (Ph: 2423766).Bhanudas Gaonkar, will be the public grievance officer for South Goa and will be available at the office of the public prosecutor, district and sessions court, Margao (Ph: 2704455).The officers can be contacted every Tuesday between 10am and 1pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16986140", "title": "Matruchaya minor could have skidded, fallen into well: Police", "text": "PONDA: Putting an end to the assumptions about the death of an 8-year-old inmate of 'Matruchhaya's Bal Kalyan Ashram' at Talauli in Ponda, the Ponda DySP, Dinraj Govekar, said the minor could have fallen into the well by skidding on sand dumped near it.The ashram authorities said that the boy went missing during the evening prayer on Wednesday. He was later found in a well in an unconscious state and breathed his last while on the way to the Ponda community health center.Govekar said that most part of the parapet around the well had collapsed and the contractor of the construction site had dumped sand near the well.\"The boy could have tried to walk in the sand and either skidded off and fallen into the well or could have underestimated the size of the pathway as it was dark at that time,\" Govekar said. He added that he has instructed Ponda PSI Sadashiv Hunashikatti who is investigating the case to record the statements of locals and other inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16987726", "title": "Dharwad mart closer to reality", "text": "DHARWAD: With the state government finally clearing the proposal to develop a supermarket in Dharwad, residents hope the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation will start work on it quickly. The state cabinet, at its meeting in Gulbarga recently, approved the proposal but the government is yet to issue a gazette notification about it.Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil said he is awaiting the notification and the government's conditions for implementing the project. He told STOI he had talks with Hudco about financing the project and it responded positively.\"The state government wanted the supermarket to be developed on a public-private partnership model. However, I want to take Hudco as the financial partner,\" Patil said. The estimated cost is Rs 110 crore. But he said all the money is not needed right away.\"The state government wanted the supermarket to be developed on a public-private partnership model. However, I want to take Hudco as the financial partner,\" Patil said.Supermarket expected to cost Rs 110 croreThe state government has approved the proposal to develop a supermarket in Dharwad.Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil said, \"Hudco will invest money on our land and construct the complex. After the first floor is completed, we'll call for tenders to let out shops on rent and collect the advance rent for 7-8 years. The money would be paid to Hudco. This procedure will continue till the entire project is completed.\"The estimated cost is Rs 110 crore. But he said all the money is not needed right away. \"We can start the work with about Rs 40 crore,\" he said.The proposal for a supermarket which includes a five storey complex on an area of 3 acres 20 guntas. There will be provision for parking of 250 four-wheelers and 450 two-wheelers. Over 750 stalls (each measuring 6ft x 5 ft) will be constructed for vendors. There will be electricity, drinking water and pay-and-use toilets. The supermarket will be on 5 acres 35 guntas with space for further development.Since 1984, the proposal for supermarket had been shuttling between HDMC and the urban development department in Bangalore. When Jagadish Shettar became the chief minister, residents were hopeful the proposal would be cleared and work would start soon. Political parties and citizens' organizations had launched an agitation seeking project implementation.The development of super market was a long pending demand. I had been pressing for it since 1984. Now, it is coming true, thanks to interest taken by CM Jagadish Shettar. The market should come up as a model and the traders and citizens of Dharwad should cooperate with the government in successful implementation of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985474", "title": "SoBo lounge flouts curfew hour, guests dragged to police station", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's outdated laws and the police's zeal to enforce curfew hour at a plush South Mumbai lounge bar ended in chaos in the wee hours of Saturday, with patrons accusing them of highhandedness and the police, in turn, booking two persons for \"manhandling\" and preventing them from doing their duty.More than 200 people, including young women, were bundled inside police vans and taken to the M R A Marg police station after upscale lounge and bar, LIV, at Kala Ghoda in Fort area, failed to stick to the closing deadline of 1.30am. Eyewitnesses said there was a lot of shoving and pushing outside.Lathi-wielding police herded everyone out into large police vans -- usually used to ferry undertrials\u2014and took them to the police station around 2 am. They were kept waiting, with no reason cited, for an hour, after which a few men began to plead with the police that at least the girls be allowed to leave. They then pushed at the gates and everyone left.A patron who works as a banker said, \"There were inadequate women police personnel when they were brought to the police station.\" Another complained, \"The police were rude and just pushing us into the van. They did not even allow me to wait for the group, which included two girls I was with to come out. They didn't ask for any details or tell us why they wanted to force us in the van like petty criminals.\"On Saturday morning, the police lodged an FIR against two persons -- the owner LIV Lounge &amp; Bar Ritik Naseem and advocate Archit Jaykar, a patron who was among those rounded up. They booked them under Indian Penal Code's sections 332 (causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 353 (assault to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 506-II (criminal intimidation).The lounge owner was also fined Rs 12,500 under the Bombay Police Act for violating the closing-hour deadline. The two were apparently among the 10-15 men who tried to push open the police station's gate even as the police, on the other side, tried to push them back.A total of 21 patrons were fined--seven women and 14 men--under Section 110 of the Bombay Police Act for misbehaving with the police.The local deputy commissioner of the police had found that the lounge was open beyond the deadline--1.30am--and asked the police to take action, an officer said and added that they reached the lounge at 2am. When they asked patrons to leave the premises, they ignored the request and refused to share their personal details, the officer said and added that some patrons even manhandled the police which is why they took them to the police station.Jaykar said, \"The reason why some of us got agitated was because the cops kept us in the dark. We were 200 of us in the compound of M R A police station, nearly 20 policemen were standing outside the gate to ensure that no one could leave. It was unnerving for many. The police kept telling us to wait for the DCP. We waited for an hour. Eventually at 3.30am, we told the police to let the girls, who were in partywear, to go. If you wish you could keep the men behind. When the police did nothing, we said we would leave.\"Jaykar added that the police did not them ask for names and addresses at the venue. \"Even when we were at the police station for an hour, they could have taken down names and addresses, but they didn't. They took down names of only 40 persons. When we asked why were here, they kept saying ask the other officer, then asked us to wait for the DCP.\"A patron said, \"The police really exceeded their powers. They at best could have fined us or asked us politely for our names, which they did not. No one knew what was happening at that time.\"\"The wee hours of the beginning of a weekend were thus spent in shock and fear by a large number of those who were rounded up for staying over-hours at the lounge,\" said one girl. \"Assuming the lounge or bar doesn't shut at 1.30 am, how does it become an offence of the patrons?\" asked another.When TOI contacted the police, they confirmed bringing the patrons to the police station. One officer said it was because the closing deadline was violated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990810", "title": "When going to the movies was an art", "text": "As Regal cinema enters its 80th year, here's a look at the 'theatre of firsts'It was a regular school day back in 1957 when a group of primary students of Rosary High School from Dockyard Road in Mazgaon made the trip to Colaba. It was to catch a screening of Alfred Hitchcock's thriller Rope. The venue \u2014 Regal cinema.One of the boys, then five, was hooked enough to spend the rest of his life making repeated trips. Rafique Bagdadi, now a noted film critic and one among Mumbai's bestknown amateur historians, is brimming with stories of the glorious days. \"Going to Regal was like going to Rome or another European city. Behind it was the Taj Mahal hotel. In front of it stood the majestic Cowasji Jehangir Public Hall, which is now the NGMA. The insides of the theatre were as dreamy as the set of Hollywood films screened here,\" he says of the Art Deco architecture style that Regal shares with other South Mumbai cinemas like Liberty and Eros. Inaugurated on October 14, 1933 by Mumbai governor Sir Frederick Sykus, Regal was built by film exhibitor Framji Sidhwa and his friend KA Kooka. And it had quite a few firsts to its credit. Asia's first centrally air-conditioned theatre, it was also the first to introduce Cinemascope and offer basement car parking to its patrons. The reinforced concrete structure built at a lavish cost was conceived by Charles Stevens, son of famous 19th century English architect Fredrick Williams Stevens, while the interiors were designed by Czechoslovakian artist Karl Schara. Old-timers remember the sun ray Cubist motif in orange and jade green in the atrium.For Deepak Rao, retired IPS officer and member of the Bombay Local History Society, Regal stands for an afternoon Arlem beer. While working at the Mumbai police headquarters across the road from the cinema, he'd hop over to its refreshment room that could house no more than six guests.Regal's historic value preceeds its construction, says Rao. \"The lane behind Regal is not named Battery Street for nothing. The site at Apollo Bunder on which the cinema stands was owned by the British army, and was occupied by an old saluting battery. When viceroys and VIPs arrived, they were greeted with a gun salute. The British government decided to lease the property in 1926, which is when it was acquired by Mr Sidhwa and Mr Kooka of Globe Theatre Ltd.,\" says the 62 year-old.Sidhwa's life, say documents, was as dramatic as the movies he screened. Born in 1883 in Tarapore, Gujarat, in a middle-class home, he moved to an orphanage in Parel before gaining admission to Bharda New High School, which stands right beside the theatre he would build in 1928 \u2014 Capitol at VT. The student of St Xavier's College had to drop out due to thinning finances and move to Rangoon in 1903 to find a job. Starting out as a clerk in Singer, he later took up an insurance job.It was in 1913 that he established a small syndicate and launched his film exhibition business in Rangoon. Two years later, Globe Theatre Ltd. was born.\"Behram Contractor, in one of his essays, said going to the cinema was an art,\" says Rao. And Regal played its part.Baghdadi calls it an \"experience\" \u2014 South Bombay movie lovers would book tickets way in advance, dress up in finery and land up at the movies. \"There was a soda fountain, a pantry for balcony audiences, and we'd dig into ice cream while musicians would perform live,\" he shares.Social worker, champion bridge player and MP Milind Deora's mother Hema Deora's memories of Regal stand testimony to Baghdadi's description. As a 10 year-old in the early 1960s, Deora didn't understand cinema, but that hardly mattered. \"For me, the draw was the ice cream served in the cinema's restaurant. The cup resembled a wine glass. It was a family affair. I'd wear my best dress, and we'd return home in a tonga,\" Deora reminisces.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991406", "title": "Ram Charan's Diwali treat for mega fans", "text": "The year 2012 have been the most fruitful one for the Mega Fans. With four back-to-back super hits in just 6 months, can they ask for anything more. Although they are content with what they have got upto, some exciting developments are happening at the moment and they are going enjoy another treat soon!Grapevine is that Ram Charan's upcoming action entertainer Naayak's teaser will be unveiled for Diwali (November 13). For the first time in his career, VV Vinayak will be releasing a teaser of his film. Although there is enough positive buzz around Naayak, this hotshot filmmaker doesn't want to loose out any opportunity which helps the film to reach out to the audience. Naayak's success is very crucial for Vinayak's career, as his previous outing Badrinath failed to set the cash registers ringing.The audio launch of the film will be held on November 25 at Shilpa Kala Vedika and all the Mega heroes including Pawan Kalyan are expected to grace the event. Naayak is scheduled for Sankranthi release (January 9).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16985445", "title": "Colleges lock horns to win titles at Ahvan", "text": "INDORE: On-campus round of various competitions marked the second day of the annual management fest - Ahvan at Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IIM-I) here on Saturday.In the My Campaign competition, four teams competed fiercely to win the finals of the social marketing event. The team from MICA, Renege won the first prize of Rs 50,000. Prior to this, all the teams showcased a presentation of their social marketing skills in front of the judges and their mentors.Finleague's final round also took place, in which Nuggets from IIM-B came out victorious bagging a cash prize of Rs 50,000. Kalpavrikasha also saw its final show with the team B-Artist from Great Lakes bagging first prize of Rs 50,000. In the social B-plan category, Purkal Stri Shakti Samiti and Medhavi Foundation shared the first spot for cash prize of Rs 1lakh.In the Ashwamedha's final round, top three teams showed their business acumen in front of panel of three esteemed judges which included Jithin C Nudumala, founding member MAD, Krish Ashok, head of web 2.0 innovation lab at TCS and R Madhavan , famously known as the IIT farmer.Entrepid, the business strategy event kick started on Saturday, in which team Chanakya from Nitie bagged the first prize of Rs 75,000 with the teams from IIM- I and Tapmi settling in for first and second runners up respectively. They were awarded with Rs 25,000 and Rs 15,000 respectively.A special prize for idea was awarded to the team from IIFT.Apart from all these events, Neethisastra began its on-campus round, finals of which will be played on Sunday. Gordian Knot continued with the most awaited city round. The finals of Gordian Knot will also be played on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16986338", "title": "Prayers, piety mark Bakrid in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Commemorating the sacrifice of prophet Ibrahim, who decided to sacrifice his only son to the call of God, Muslims across the city celebrated Bakrid on Saturday.Mass prayers were held at around 80 places in the city. With morning prayers, greeting each other with festive wishes, sacrificing animals and distributing meat to the poor, the day was a busy occasion for the faithful.According to scriptures, Iid-ul-Adha or Bakrid, is celebrated remembering Ibrahim's obedience and devotion to the God. It is also the occasion of the culmination of the annual Haj pilgrimage in Mecca. who agreed to sacrifice his only son. However, Allah spared the child and sacrificed a goat in his place. In memory of this act, special prayers and animal sacrifices are conducted.The prayer began in all the mosques by 7am and went on for almost an hour. After the customary prayers and religious discourses, wishes were exchanged with embraces.\"This is also a time to meet everyone and wish them Allah's blessings.\" said M Abdul Hakeem, a city-based businessman who attended prayers at Islamic Matriculation School. After the prayers they met and embraced each other with festival greetings. This, he points out is an occasion for them to rekindle relationships and extend their warmth.Later, they sacrificed animals. The meat was divided into three parts and distributed to among themselves, their relatives and the poor.According to Ahmed Basha, the president of the Hyder-Ali - Tippu Sultan Mosque the most important aspect of celebration is the message on sharing.\"We have to give this share to the poor. This is the most humble experience,\" he says. The meat share was given to the poor and the needy people in the locality.In some places, separate arrangements were made for women to offer prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986750", "title": "Pachaiyappa's students held for snatching chain", "text": "CHENNAI: Two Pachaiyappa's College students were caught on Friday while trying to flee after snatching a gold chain from a woman in Valasaravakkam area near Vadapalani.Police said Thangam, 48, was walking near her house in the area when the two rode by on a bike, snatched her four sovereign chain and tried to speed away. The woman cried out for help and special sub-inspector D Murugesan of the Valasaravakkam police who was patrolling on his bike gave chase. He nabbed the two students after a brief chase.\"Some local residents and others also helped the special sub-inspector in cornering the accused. The two accused were taken to the police station and questioned,\" a police officer said.During the interrogation, they identified themselves as Mohammad Yusuff, 18, and Britto Lawrence, 18. They said they were residents of Maduravoyal and first year BBA students of Pachaiyappa's College.Preliminary police inquiries revealed that Yusuff and Lawrence were friends since their school days and had taken to \"crime, including robbery, in the past couple of months.\" Yusuff and Lawrence always wanted to travel on expensive bikes and use advanced mobile phones to impress other students in college.\"Inquiries have revealed that the two had been involved in more than five robbery incidents in T Nagar, Kodambakkam, Virugamba8kkam and Valasaravakkam areas. We have recovered some of the stolen articles, including a bike and two mobile phones, from them,\" a police officer said. The two students often went out for weekend parties and spent lavishly on their friends accompanying them, another police officer said.The Valasaravakkam police registered a case and arrested the two students who were then remanded in judicial custody on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990817", "title": "Priyanka Chopra pays tribute to Yash Chopra", "text": "Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra has paid tribute to legendary filmmaker Yash Chopra, who passed away last week, at an awards ceremony in Mumbai.The 30-year-old actress performed on hit numbers from Chopra's films in his five decade long career at the People's Choice Awards last evening.\"A most touching tribute to Yash Chopra by Priyanka performing to all or most of his popular songs throughout his numerous films,\" Amitabh Bachchan , who attended the event, wrote on his blog.Bachchan, 70, bagged the Best TV Host award for Kaun Banega Crorepati .\"How did it happen ? It's the People's Choice Award by Colors channel for the Best Tv Host for KBC ... thank you all that voted for me!,\" he added.The award ceremony also saw the newly-wed couple Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor team up for a live performance first time after their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990545", "title": "Chiranjeevi sworn in as Central Tourism Minister", "text": "In a major cabinet reshuffle, megastar Chiranjeevi took oath as Central Minister (Independent In charge, Tourism) at Rasthrapathi Bhavan at 11.47am on Sunday (October 28, 2012) in Delhi. Chiranjeevi and his wife Surekha, Ram Charan and his wife Upasana, Allu Aravind and others attended the swearing in ceremony.It was widely speculated that Chiranjeevi would be given the Tourism Ministry and it has come true. Chiranjeevi, who was a member of legislative assembly representing the temple town of Tirupati in the state, was nominated to Rajya Sabha after newly found political entity - Praja Rajyam Party - merged into the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16985863", "title": "Punjab police bowls googly at Harbhajan Singh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's a double whammy for Harbhajan Singh . Still reeling under the shock of being demoted from Grade A to B by the Board for Control of Cricket in India ( BCCI ), which effectively reduces his fee from Rs 1 crore to 50 lakh per year, Bhajji cannot even fall back on the option of serving the Punjab police.The 'Turbanator' had recently shown interest in an offer made to him by the Punjab government in February 2002 to join Punjab police as a deputy superintendent of police. At that time chief minister Parkash Singh Badal had showered praises on Bhajji, calling him 'Punjab da puttar', besides giving a cash award of Rs 5 lakh and a residential plot in his home district Jalandhar.However, at the peak of his form, busy with cricket commitments and flooded with offers from the tinsel world, Bhajji did not respond to the offer in 2002. More than 10 years later when he finally did show interest, the Punjab government has confirmed that the offer no longer exists.A senior official in the government told TOI, \"The deputy chief minister has made adverse remarks on Bhajji's file and the case is almost closed. Bhajji has been busy in the glamour world and preferred not to serve his state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16987020", "title": "Governor to visit Gumla tomorrow", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmad will be the chief guest of Kartik Oraon's birth anniversary celebrations to be held at his native place Karaunda-Litatoli in Gumla on Monday. Besides addressing the congregation, he will also distribute prizes among the winners and runners ups of Kartik Oraon Football Tournament in which 16 teams from different villages took part for the past four days. tnnPrizes will also be distributed among others participants. Congress MLA, Geetashree Oraon, said, \"The governor will also distribute blankets among the elderly persons during the meet.\"She said leader of the Congress legislative party in the house of the state legislature, Rajendra Singh, too is likely to attend the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987138", "title": "Russian artists present golden era of Bollywood", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The two-day cultural event by 30 Russian artists concluded with a variety of scintillating performances at the Tagore Theatre on Saturday. Organized by Brahma Kumaris Organization, the event was based on the theme, \"Unity in Diversity\".Hundreds of art lovers rushed to a jam packed hall at Tagore Theatre to watch Russian artists perform Russian, Hindi, Punjabi dances and songs in ballet form. While the event saw participation of renowned singers and dancers from Russia, rock-singer Albert Asadullin left the audience spell-bound when he presented a beautiful Bollywood song \"Yeh desh hai veer Jawano ka...\" Other Russian artists also performed traditional Punjabi dance forms, including bhangra and gidha.Russian artists also took the audience back to the golden era of Bollywood by presenting songs like \"Hai preet janha ki reet sada main...\", \"Man tujhe salam\", \"Janha daal daal pe sone ki chidya karti hai basera...\" and \"Satyam shivam sundram\", leaving every one asking for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16985461", "title": "IIT-I struggles, counterparts shift to permanent campus", "text": "INDORE: It has literally been baby steps for the Indian Institute of Technology, Indore (IIT-I) with regard to shifting its operations to its permanent campus. At a time when the institutes of similar stature including IIT-Mandi and Central University of Rajasthan (CUR) have shifted to their main campus, IIT-I has not even started construction work.Established in 2009 and mentored by IIT-Bombay, IIT-I is still operating from the rented campus at IET building for which union ministry of human resources and development had sought extension till 2015. The reluctant Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) had permitted the institute to run from IET till December 2012 but had to consider letter of union ministry.However, the IIT-Mandi, the youngest of all IITs, has shifted residential and academic facilities on the main campus whereas IIT-I is yet to sort out land possession of nearly 37 acres. On September 23, 2012, 108 B.Tech IInd year students shifted to the main campus. About 20 faculty members, staff and their families, besides a few research scholars, have accompanied them to the Kamand Campus. Meanwhile, CUR too started constructions of its permanent campus in 2011 to the allocated site and shifted in the new campus this year.Strikingly, the older IITs such as IIT-Hyderabad, IIT-Gandhinagar and Rajasthan among the new ones which were established a year earlier than IIT-I are either on the verge of completing construction work and shift to campus or have started construction work. IIT-Gandhinagar, also mentored by IIT-Bombay, has engaged several architectural firms to create the buildings on the campus. \"The construction work of IIT-Rajasthan too has started. Gandhinagar will shift to main campus soon. IIT-Mandi has already shifted to its campus whereas IIT-I is lagging behind of all. Land possession has yet not completed. Even district administration has handed over the land to it nothing has happened so far,\" said a source.According to the sources, in April this year, the institute director while receiving allocation and transfer of land from state government had vowed to start construction work soon but to no avail. The institute has to start construction amounting to Rs 388 crore. The institute has already received funds of Rs 760 crore in first phase but it seems that it is walking tortoise walk. Even the students studying at the institute have also lost hopes to see the campus and dissatisfied with the campus life have planned to sit GRE. \"Unhappy with the campus life and bleak future nearly two dozen students have decided to look for post graduate courses abroad,\" said a student wishing anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985954", "title": "Rising stress levels pushing city students to the edge", "text": "MUMBAI: While some psychiatrists and experts in the city have blamed the inability of youngsters to deal with stress for the recent rise in cases where juvenile delinquency has caught the attention of many, others have pointed at the need for teachers and schools to be equipped with the right training to handle students facing such problems.\"Students have started behaving like adults. Teachers and principals get rattled as they are not sure how to handle this behaviour. Schools need to bring back the happiness quotient in teaching and this will involve making changes in day-to-day activities in classrooms,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty. He added that increasing level of competition is leaving children with very little time for recreation, leading to early symptoms of stress. \"Everything is materialistic for children these days, so the guilt index has changed; they cannot differentiate between good and bad anymore,\" he added.Child psychologist Chandni Mehta highlighted the decreasing tolerance level amid children these days, leading to impulsive decisions. \"Students are exposed to too many things at a very young age. Adding to this are nuclear families where children have nobody to share their issues with and they often end up venting out their frustration in the virtual world,\" said Mehta. She also pointed at out the need for collaboration between parents and schools on a regular basis. \"Schools need to re-work the term 'punishment' for children and instead focus on ways that can help students understand their mistake by working on it together,\" she said, adding that limiting usage of Internet by children could be another solution to this problem.These issues have also sparked the need for more counsellors and psychologists in schools on a daily basis. \"Children these days are going through various levels of biological, social and emotional problems and hence they end up taking impulsive decisions,\" said Dr Yusuf Matcheswala. He highlighted the need to have full-time counsellors in schools to not only handle problems of students, but also to train teachers in noticing behavioural changes in students. \"These days, students suffer from attention deficit disorder and hypertension. The only way to curb this is if we start at the ground level\u2014at schools and in classrooms,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16986250", "title": "Krishna takes pride for keeping MEA taint-free during his tenure", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after he was eased out of the foreign ministry, a stoic S M Krishna met PM Manmohan Singh on Saturday. While he thanked the PM for his support, and even credited him for the \"change\" in relations with Pakistan, he couldn't resist taking a dig at the government that his ministry had remained untouched by any scam while he ran it for a little over three years.Krishna also brushed aside suggestions that he was going to actively join politics in his home state, Karnataka, which will go to polls next year, saying he wanted to \"take it easy\" now. Talking to journalists, he dedicated his resignation to youth describing it as the flavour of the season.\"If the criterion is that you have run a ministry without a scam...that's a lot to be written and said about,\" said Krishna. \"In any area where discretion was involved, I ensured transparency,\" he added. Krishna had sent his resignation to Singh on Friday after informing Congress president Sonia Gandhi. He met the PM on Saturday, and briefed him about the work done in the foreign ministry during his tenure.Krishna also thanked Gandhi for her support saying that she wanted him to continue in \"whatever I am going to do as Member of Parliament\".Krishna also denied that he was not given a free hand in formulating policies. \"There can't be an independent foreign ministry bereft of the prime minister,\" he said, adding that his \"respectable\" tenure as foreign minister was marked by improvement in relations with Pakistan and China.\"The flavour of the season is that youngsters must take over the reins of responsibility and I felt that it was time up for me to make way for younger blood to take over. I am glad that this initiative has been by and large appreciated,\" said Krishna.\"This in no way denigrates the importance of experience. I think experience is an important attribute. And particularly in pursuing the foreign relations with other countries there has to be patience and also perseverance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986113", "title": "Idrish's brother back from Pakistan, quizzed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city crime branch officials questioned the alleged ISI agent Idrish Pinjara's brother Aslam who was in Pakistan for the past six years to know whether he was involved with the plot. The crime branch officials said that it would be too early to say whether the brothers were together in the scheme.Pinjara, an employee of Jamnagar Municipal Corporation, was arrested by the crime branch on October 23 after his links with Pakistan's Inter-service Intelligence (ISI) were established with evidence of his spying on Indian Air Force base. Pinjara was third to be arrested by the crime branch on charges of spying for the Pakistan agency after Sirajuddin Fakir and Ayub Shaikh.In his questioning, Idrish had mentioned that his brother Aslam was arrested by Pakistan police for overstaying. He was then recruited by ISI and was deported to India after which he even got a new passport from Jamnagar. Aslam had mentioned that he had lost his passport during his stay in Pakistan. After the information, the crime branch had contacted Aslam and coaxed him to come to India for questioning. Aslam came to Mumbai airport on Friday after which he was brought to Ahmedabad.\"As per his statement, he went to Pakistan in 2001 for 15 days, but ended up staying for five years. He used to stay at his sister's residence and worked as an electrician. After the police inquiry, ISI approached him and asked him to work for them. The official was Tahir Khan, the same person mentioned by Idrish in his questioning.\"While Aslam made contacts with Idrish back home, he had fallen off an electric pole and had got paralyzed. After that, Khan used to deal directly with Idrish,\" said a crime branch official.The officials also got to know that after his deportation in 2006, Aslam came back to Jamnagar and stayed with his family. During that time, he had applied for the new passport, stating that he had lost it during his stay in Pakistan. \"The passport was issued and Aslam also travelled on it. We are now to investigate how he cleared the police verification and how he got the visa despite his previous record,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16986075", "title": "Post-Bhatti, IMA plans 'strap seat belt' drive", "text": "PATIALA: As a real tribute to late comedy king Jaspal Bhatti, the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Patiala, has decided to launch a public awareness campaign to highlight the importance of wearing the seat belt in four-wheeler vehicles. IMA members believe that had Bhatti used the belt, he would have escaped with some injuries.\"The nation has lost a great man in Bhatti's death. It has forced us to start a special campaign to spread awareness about the importance of belt. We have called a meeting of our members and would finalize the date to start our special campaign,\" said honorary secretary of IMA, Patiala, Dr D S Bhuller.Displaying documents, IMA members claimed that around 3,500 persons die in the state every year in road accidents. An analysis of records related to these accidents found that majority of the victims didn't use belt as there is no check by traffic cops on outer roads, they said.IMA members claimed that traffic cops mainly focus on internal roads of city, but on outer roads, where most accidents take place, cops are not conducting required checking about use of belts. IMA members have prepared a list of some NGOs, whom they would approach for help. Some NGOs have already accepted the request of IMA to help in starting the awareness campaign.Initially, IMA Patiala would focus on Patiala district, but later, they plan to launch campaigns in all districts of the state with the help of their members. IMA members also plan to start a series of seminars in colleges, schools and government departments.\"In majority of head injury cases, the only reason is lack of wearing the belt. We would take up the matter with Punjab government also to increase the penalty if anyone is found not using belt,\" said Patiala district president of IMA, Dr B L Bhardwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16986120", "title": "Canada, Australia prime ministers to be in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the premiers of two countries - Canada and Australia - slated to be in Punjab in the first week of November, the state government is making elaborate arrangements to make their stay a memorable one.Given the importance of the two personalities visiting the state, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has cancelled his official trip to Bologna in Italy, where he was to lead a delegation of eminent farm equipment manufacturers and farmers at the 'International Agricultural Machinery Exhibition-2012' from November 7 to 11.Punjab government is planning a 'culture tour' of the state that will give a feel of Punjab besides familiarizing the two premiers with its heritage. \"The two prime ministers are definitely scheduled to visit the Golden Temple. Also we are hoping to take them to Virasat-e-Khalsa at Anandpur Sahib to give them an insight into the history of Punjab and culture of Punjabis,\" said a senior official.Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper is scheduled to visit along with members of his cabinet, including trade minister Ed Fast, natural resources minister Joe Oliver , agriculture and agri food minister Gerry Ritz, minister of state for sports Bal Gosal and minister of state for democratic reform Tim Uppal. Australian PM Julia Gillard is expected to bring a delegation of ministers as well.The chief minister is expected to meet the two PMs with his entire cabinet even as meetings are scheduled to discuss collaboration with the Canadian and Australian governments in various sectors, including food, agriculture, education and tourism. A sizeable population of Punjabis are settled in Australia and Canada and the Punjabi language has acquired the status of Canada's second language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "16985600", "title": "Man murders Class IX girl, jumps before train to kill self in Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: A man murdered a schoolgirl in Faridabad and later committed suicide on Saturday.The girl, Soni Bisht, was a Class IX student. Her mother, brother and two sisters were away in Uttarakhand on a holiday and she was living with her father, Arjun Bisht, and a distant relative, Jitendra. In the afternoon, police learnt that Jitendra had committed suicide by jumping in front of a speeding train. They contacted Arjun and told him about Jitendra and that his house was locked from the outside. Arjun rushed home and found his daughter lying dead amid a pool of blood.Cops concluded that she was hit on the head with a heavy object and her throat was also slit, and it was Jitendra who killed her first and then killed himself. There were no signs of sexual assault, cops added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16986471", "title": "Diamond Trading Company sightholders to get less rough diamonds in 2013", "text": "SURAT: Come 2013, the Diamond Trading Company (DTC) sightholders in the world's biggest diamond manufacturing hub in India may get reduced supply of rough diamonds from the leading diamond mining company, De Beers.De Beers has reported a 31 per cent decline in the rough diamond production in the third quarter of 2012 and diamond production in the first nine months of the year has fallen to a flat 20 per cent.The decline in diamond production, according to the industry experts, would result in De Beers unable to meet the short-term demand of the sightholders (clients) in 2013.Anglo American, which owns De Beers, noted that the decline in the rough diamond production in 2012 is due to difficult market conditions and a slope failure at its flagship Jwaneng mine in Botswana in June that temporarily prevented access to the mine's main ore body.Another reason cited by the company is softening in the polished diamond market and a credit constrained rough diamond market.Industry sources say that as production has declined, management said it will be unable to meet the sightholders' short-term demand as expressed by their initial applications for goods for the year. De Beers rough sales to sightholders have decreased by 17 per cent to $4.74 billion in the first 10 months of 2012. India has a major share in the De Beers annual supply of rough diamonds as about 50 per cent of the DTC sightholders are Indian companies based in Surat, Mumbai, Antwerp, Hong Kong and Dubai. The annual DTC sales is pegged at $5.5 billion and that about 50 per cent of the diamonds come to India, mainly in Surat for cutting and polishing.A DTC sightholder said, \"There is going to be fewer goods on offer by De Beers in 2013 following decline in diamond production. If the market improves after Diwali festival, the demand for rough diamonds is likely to increase.\"The annual demand for rough diamonds in India is pegged between $8-$9 billion. While about 70 per cent of the rough diamond supplies come through De Beers, Alrosa and Rio Tinto, the diamantaires also get direct supplies from diamond mining companies in African countries, Canada etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990018", "title": "Britney banned from using internet as ex-manger sues family", "text": "Britney Spears has been banned from the internet over fears that she could suffer another breakdown, after her former manager Sam Lutfi filed a lawsuit against her family.Her dad Jamie and fiance Jason Trawick, who are legally responsible for her wellbeing, took the decision, the Sun reported.Lutfi is suing the 30-year-old popstar's family, claiming he was wrongly blamed for her falling apart in a book by her mum Lynne.\"Britney has been banned from reading about the trial for her own good,\" a source said.\"They are trying to protect her from all this. It will be terrible for her recovery if she reads about her worst days all over again,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16987738", "title": "Colleges lock horns to grab titles", "text": "INDORE: On-campus round of various competitions marked the second day of the annual management fest - Ahvan at Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IIM-I) here on Saturday.In the My Campaign competition, four teams competed fiercely to win the finals of the social marketing event. The team from MICA, Renege won the first prize of Rs 50,000. Prior to this, all the teams showcased a presentation of their social marketing skills in front of the judges and their mentors.Finleague's final round also took place, in which Nuggets from IIM-B came out victorious bagging a cash prize of Rs 50,000. Kalpavrikasha also saw its final show with the team B-Artist from Great Lakes bagging first prize of Rs 50,000. In the social B-plan category, Purkal Stri Shakti Samiti and Medhavi Foundation shared the first spot for cash prize of Rs 1lakh.In the Ashwamedha's final round, top three teams showed their business acumen in front of panel of three esteemed judges which included Jithin C Nudumala, founding member MAD, Krish Ashok, head of web 2.0 innovation lab at TCS and R Madhavan, famously known as the IIT farmer.Entrepid, the business strategy event kick started on Saturday, in which team Chanakya from Nitie bagged the first prize of Rs 75,000 with the teams from IIM- I and Tapmi settling in for first and second runners up respectively. A special prize for idea was awarded to the team from IIFT.Apart from all these events, Neethisastra began its on-campus round, finals of which will be played on Sunday. Gordian Knot continued with the most awaited city round. The finals of Gordian Knot will also be played on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16985760", "title": "England and Wales Cricket Board officials happy with Rajkot's new stadium", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The newly-built stadium by Saurashtra Cricket Association (SCA) on the outskirts of Rajkot continues to impress all visitors.The latest admirers are the three England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) officials, who inspected the stadium recently before the scheduled visit of their national team to India later this year for a full series comprising of four Tests, two Twenty20 games and five ODIs, the first of which will be played in Rajkot on January 11.The trio of John Carr, Reg Dickason and Ian Smith were happy with the facilities and approved of the stadium, ground, wicket, dressing rooms. Carr is the director of cricket, Dickason is the director of security and Smith is the legal director of the Professional Cricketers Association.They have so far visited Kochi, Mumbai, Ahmedabad and Rajkot. Except Dharamasala, they will visit and inspect all the venues.This must rank among some of the best cricket stadiums in the world. It s easily the finest we ve visited in India so far. The ground is lovely with a lush-green outfield. I m told the wicket is a bit batting-friendly, which means you can have an exciting one-day game with both the teams scoring many runs. The dressing rooms are elegant and spacious. The sitting arrangements for the spectators are also excellent, Carr said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16986988", "title": "\u2018Municipality still secretly dumping waste\u2019", "text": "KANNUR: Thalassery municipality is still secretly dumping waste at Punnol-Pettipalam during night hours, the local residents have alleged.\"Though the municipality claims they have stopped it, they are still dumping waste in the night, despite strong opposition from the coastal zone management authority, which had sent a notice to the municipal authorities a few weeks back,\" said action committee chairman N V Ajayakumar.\"Nowadays we do not stand guard there, as the municipality had stopped the garbage dumping following the public protest. But they are exploiting the situation now, and if this continues, we would be forced to restart the agitation as well as the legal measures,\" he added.Though the municipality had in last October requested for six months' time to set up alternative arrangements, nothing has been done even after one year, alleged the action council leaders.General convener of the Pothujanarogya Samrakshana Samithi P M Abdul Nazer alleged that the municipality was adamant in its stand to dispose the waste there because of some financial interests. \"Last year alone, they claimed to have spent Rs 2.88 crore for the transportation of the waste to Pettipalam, which is a huge amount,\" he said.\"The sad part is that even the New Mahe Panchayath under which Pettipalam falls, also supports the municipality,\" said Nazer. He said they would approach the government against New Mahe panchayat and the municipality in this connection. \"The authorities are yet to learn any lessons from the Vilappilsala agitation,\" he said.However, Thalassery Municipality chairperson Amina Maliyekkal said the allegations were baseless.\"We have not dumped any waste there in the last few months and the action councils are making false allegations. If we want we could have dumped it even during the day with police support, as we have the permission to do so, but we would not do that,\" she said. \"The tender process setting up seven waste treatment plants in the municipality, including one at the trenching ground in Pettipalam, is in the final stage,\" she added.\"Nowadays, we don't collect any waste from houses or shops and we have asked the people to dispose it off at the source itself, and the people are also aware of the importance of waste disposal at source,\" Amina said.\"The process to install 1,200 mini waste treatment units, like pipe compost and biogas plants, in the households in the municipality is also going on with the support of the sanitation mission,\" said the municipal chairperson.However, people find it hard to believe the municipal authorities, because of the bitter experiences in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985498", "title": "Father-son killed in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A 55-year-old man and his 80-year-old father were crushed under the wheels of a speeding truck near Wanjra petrol pump, on Koradi Road, on Saturday afternoon.Ashok and Govindrao Raut, resident of Jai Nagar under the jurisdiction of Ambazari police station, were returning home on a bike after offering prayers at Koradi temple when the accident occurred.Police informed that Ashok slowed down his bike at a speed breaker on the road. \"However, the driver of the truck coming from behind, failed to slow down and knocked down the duo. The father-son came under the rear wheels of the truck and were killed on the spot,\" police said.Relatives said that Ashok, who worked with a private company, had planned a visit to Koradi temple with his family. However, as he was getting late for the office, Ashok and Govindrao left early from the temple while his wife Radha, two sons and daughter followed them a few minutes later.Radha, who reached the scene with her children after few minutes, fainted on the spot. Radha and her children were coming on two bikes when they saw Ashok and Govindrao lying in a pool of blood on the road.The truck driver left the vehicle behind and fled. Koradi police have registered a case and seized the truck. Search for the truck driver is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16987340", "title": "S M Krishna happy at 'scam-free' tenure", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after he was eased out of the foreign ministry, a stoic S M Krishna met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday. While he thanked him for his support and even credited him for the \"change\" in relations with Pakistan, he couldn't resist taking a dig at the government that his ministry had remained untouched by any scam while he ran it for a little over three years.Krishna also brushed aside suggestions that he was going to actively join politics in his home state, Karnataka, which will go to polls next year, saying he wanted to \"take it easy\" now. Talking to journalists, he dedicated his resignation to youth, describing it as the flavour of the season.\"If the criterion is that you have run a ministry without a scam...that's a lot to be written and said about,\" said Krishna. \"In any area where discretion was involved, I ensured transparency,\" he added.Krishna had sent his resignation to Singh on Friday after informing Congress president Sonia Gandhi . He met the PM on Saturday and briefed him about the work done in the foreign ministry during his tenure. Krishna also thanked the Congress chief for her support, saying that she wanted him to continue in \"whatever I am going to do as Member of Parliament\".Krishna also denied that he was not given a free hand in formulating policies. \"There can't be an independent foreign ministry bereft of the Prime Minister,\" he said, adding that his \"respectable\" tenure as foreign minister was marked by improvement in relations with Pakistan and China.\"The flavour of the season is that youngsters must take over the reins of responsibility and I felt it was time for me to make way for younger blood. I am glad this initiative has been by and large appreciated,\" said Krishna. \"This in no way denigrates the importance of experience. I think experience is an important attribute. And particularly in pursuing the foreign relations with other countries there has to be patience and also perseverance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16987195", "title": "Civic body to spend Rs 1.5 crore to revive 400 ponds", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the city garbage finding its way to the water reserves, the city corporation has decided to launch a new scheme to salvage the ponds in the city. The civic body will source Rs 1.5 crore from its plan fund to clean the ponds and guard them from polluters in future.TOI had reported in August how some of the city water reserves that had served as local drinking water sources had turned into stinky dump yards in places like Nemom and Kesavadasapuram. In Nemom alone, 10 ponds were found badly polluted. As the waste crisis soared, more and more wards began to lose their water sources.\"The issue is really serious. Poultry shop owners and some others find the ponds ideal waste-dumping spots. That is why the corporation has decided to pump in such a huge amount to clean the ponds and bring them back to life,\" said work standing committee chairman V S Padmakumar.The corporation will devote a maximum of Rs 10 lakh for each pond depending upon the extent of pollution. \"We have already identified 400 ponds in various wards which require immediate cleansing. However, not all ponds will be cleaned using Rs 10 lakh. Those ponds which we think can be developed into swimming pools for talented local children will be given priority,\" added Padmakumar.The ward councillors have also wakened up to the issue in many places. In Kesavadasapuram, councillor George Lewis has forwarded a proposal to the corporation and MLA K Muraleedharan to convert an abandoned pond in the locality into a swimming pool for girls. \"There are so many schoolgirls in my ward who are talented in swimming, but can't find a suitable pool for training. If the pond can be converted into a swimming pool, it would benefit them immensely. The training programmes can be conducted in association with the sports council,\" said Lewis.Nemom councillor M S Sudha has already initiated talks with the district tourism promotion council and an NGO to convert at least two big ponds in her ward into swimming pools and to set up a solar boat club. The corporation is also planning to seek assistance from the government.\"As per the plan, Rs 1.5 crore would be used in two phases during a span of two years. We would also require some funds from the government to implement the project effectively in all the wards,\" said Padmakumar. The project will begin in December with the construction of protection wall around the water bodies enlisted in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "16991364", "title": "Bhullar logs a top-10 at CIMB Classic", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: India's Gaganjeet Bhullar strengthened his credentials as one of the rising stars of Asian golf as he logged a top-10 finish at the $6.1 million CIMB Classic on Sunday.Closing the week with a bogey-free four-under 67, Bhullar finished at 15-under 269 in tied 10th place.India's other man in the field, Anirban Lahiri suffered a double bogey on the 16th in his 69 that saw him finish at 10-under in tied 26th place.The best Asian Tour finisher was Jbe Kruger (68) in the eighth place.Nick Watney flirted with the possibility of a 59 as he came to the 18th tee at 11-under needing a birdie at the par-71 Mines Resort and Golf Club Course.He ended with a bogey instead and carded 61 but that fetched him the title ahead of defending champion Bo Van Pelt (66) and Robert Garrigus (66), both of whom finished a stroke behind at 21-under.Tiger Woods (63), Brendon de Jonge (66) and Chris Kirk (67) tied for fourth at 19-under.Bhullar, who shot 65, 72, 65 in his first three rounds, birdied seventh, 11th, 15th and 17th and missed a handful of other chances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16986006", "title": "BJP split over continuation of Gadkari", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after TOI exposed controversial BJP president Nitin Gadkari, while the RSS has maintained a discreet silence over the entire episode, there appears to be a vertical split in the BJP on whether he should continue to lead the crisis-ridden organization or quit on moral grounds.\"It's a fact the RSS had played a crucial role in the appointment of Gadkari as BJP president. However, now after Gadkari has been completely exposed, the RSS has distanced itself from his activities. The RSS chief did meet top BJP leaders, but no decision was taken. On the other hand, there is a split in the BJP on his continuation as party chief,'' a senior BJP leader told TOI on Saturday.According to the BJP leader, during his meeting with L K Advani, Gadkari made it clear he was prepared for a probe by any agency and he will cooperate with it. However, he was unable to explain as to how fictitious firms were set up and his employees, including a driver, clerk and an astrologer, were appointed as chief executive officers and directors. \"Gadkari submitted that since the government in Maharashtra as well as at the Centre is headed by the Congress, it can entrust the probe to any agency, he will share the entire information on his firms,'' the BJP leader said.Despite the fact that all was not well with Gadkari, state BJP leaders have supported him, saying, he was not a corrupt leader. \"He is not in power for more than a decade, as such, there was absolutely no question of abuse or misuse of power, there was no corruption at any level. All the companies, now under the scrutiny of the registrar of companies were set up much before he was appointed president of BJP. We feel there is not need for Gadkari to quit on moral grounds,'' a former minister during the Sena-BJP rule said.He admitted senior BJP leaders are divided. A section of leaders, including those from Delhi and Gujarat, has strongly argued against his continuation.Their contention is at a juncture when the party has launched a nationwide stir against corruption, it will be most appropriate to sack Gadkari immediately.However, a significant school comprising leaders from different states, including Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka, are opposed to any drastic action at this stage. \"We feel if Gadkari is sacked at this juncture, then it will amount to admission of guilt. A section of senior BJP leaders has expressed the view that the party should take a call on Gadkari after the outcome of the Gujarat and Himachal polls,'' he said. A Congress MP warned that if the BJP does not sack Gadkari before the winter session of parliament, the party will raise the issue in both houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16985964", "title": "University must accelerate reforms programme", "text": "The University of Pune must accelerate academic and administrative reforms since the two-year time span given by the University Grants Commission to implement them lapsed some time ago. The university has made some progress by introducing reforms in parts in post-graduate departments on campus. But it faces a bigger challenge in taking the reforms to its vast network of affiliated colleges outside. Reforms like semester and choice-based credit systems are aimed at providing flexible learning for students, but there are issues related to training of teachers to adapt to these changes. An end-to-end automation of the examination processes needs to be resolved upfront.Related story:  University Grants Commission for a flexible learning system in higher education", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987021", "title": "UT keen on highlighting urban planning concepts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT is keen on highlighting various aspects of the city's urban planning concepts.Justifying the decision not to send a nomination to ASI for two years, the administration claimed that it spent the time in carrying out \"grading of heritage zones, heritage precincts and heritage buildings based on their significance and importance which spells out the extent of chance to be permitted in each category\".The new plan is in sharp contrast to UT's last entry divided into two parts \u2014 capital complex and cultural complex \u2014 with focus on 12-15 key buildings designed by Swiss-French architect Le Corbusier and his team", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16986578", "title": "Another gang of thieves busted in Vasco", "text": "VASCO: Within a span of four days, Vasco police have nabbed another gang of robbers allegedly involved in a burglary.PSI John Fernandes picked up members of the group from Baina on suspicion, and cracked a theft case.A team of Vasco police picked up Akit Golandas, 21 originally from Hubli, Slaim Shaikh, 21, originally from Kerala and Nazir Shaikh, 20, all residing at Baina.Interrogation of the three revealed that they were involved in a theft case that occurred at New Vaddem a month ago, in a house. They allegedly stole 16,000 in cash and a gold chain worth 35,000. \"Nothing has been recovered and we are in the process of conducting further investigations.\"All the accused were produced before the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), Vasco, and have been taken into seven days police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990083", "title": "\u201cWe are all immortal\u201d", "text": "Psychiatrist and past life regression therapist Brian Weiss tells Nona Walia why he firmly believes in the continuity of individual souls.It was quite by chance that psychiatrist Dr Brian Weiss started believing in past life regression. It was back in the mid-1980s, when he was treating a woman patient. During psychotherapy, he asked her to look into her past when she was a child, but she went back a thousand years to another life, with vivid memories of herself as another person. After successfully treating her, Weiss started researching on the subject and came out with his bestseller Many Lives, Many Masters. Since then, he has written several books, Through Time Into Healing, Only Love is Real, Same Soul, Many Bodies, among others. In his latest book, Miracles Happen, he talks about everyday miracles in people's lives, which they fail to recognise. \"Our rational minds often attempt to minimise or negate the mystical encounters. We forget the power of our experiences. We must embrace the reality of that event, which is a miracle,\" says Weiss. Excerpts from an interview:Do people find it difficult to believe in reincarnation?I have been documenting physical and emotional healings in my patients and workshop participants over the past 32 years. These are amazing accounts of the power of past life memories to transform people's lives. The Greeks and Indians have always believed in the theory of reincarnation. I firmly believe karma is not punishment but an opportunity to learn our lessons. If the lessons have not been learnt in a previous lifetime, we come back to work on them. The lessons are about love, compassion, non-violence, patience, understanding and non-prejudice.When do we attain moksha?When the lessons and learnings are complete. Then there's no reincarnation.Why don't we remember our previous lives?I see that changing, that's what my past-life therapy is all about. We're trying to remember our past lives and learn from our mistakes. In my experiments, people are remembering through therapeutic techniques such as hypnosis, dreams and meditation. According to mythology, if you were born again and you drank from the River of Lethe, you would forget your previous lives.You say, before we are born, our soul plans the trajectory of the life that lies ahead. How?Every individual soul chooses the significant people in that life. Destiny will place you in the particular circumstance; it will dictate that you will encounter a particular person, at a certain time, place. The people it arranges you to meet are frequently the people with whom you have lived or have known in your past life. Once you meet them, you then exercise your free will: Do you stay? Or do you leave? You may love them, work with them, befriend them, or marry them. Or you might reject them. These are your choices and this is how you learn. Everything is part of the master plan of the soul's growth. We are here to learn deep lessons.What is the biggest thing that stops people from living their lives in the present moment? Fear and we must learn how to overcome fear.How can people eliminate their fears, which often draw them back?Understanding dissolves fear. When we understand the true nature of our being, fears dissipate. We are spiritual beings, not human beings.Your belief is that miracles may be large that affect an entire group, or they may be small and silent. How do we recognize miracles?It is not the size of the healing or transformation that matters. It is the powerful spiritual effect that manifests at the physical or emotional level. It is evident when it occurs.How can we go back in our past lives?We can pray and ask for divine intervention but to experience the transformational power of past life memories, one needs to experience a regression. The human body is a vessel for the soul. With each life, we complete some part of the whole learning process. That's why I believe human beings are essentially immortal.How can we experience magic?You can experience magic when you are mindfully living in the present moment. It's a matter of awareness and mindfulness. It's also important not to live with any regrets of the past or worries of the future.In what way does past life regression help a person?It's very important to remember and remind yourself of the unfulfilled goals from your past lives. It eventually helps you get past all the obstacles of the present life. Past life regression therapy permanently heals the body and the mind.You have to know about the exact nature of the problem before seeking answers or solutions to overcome them.We are living in a world full of anxieties that cripple us. How can we heal and be free of them?This is a matter of recognising our true nature. We are spiritual beings. We are immortal and eternal. Anxieties and other negative emotions are merely temporary states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986099", "title": "National Council of Teacher's Education urged to lower eligibility criteria", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Council of Teacher's Education (NCTE) has been urged to reduce the eligibility criteria for admission to bachelor of education colleges.A Gujarat University syndicate member has written to the council that the minimum 50 per cent criteria for general category and 45 per cent marks for the reserved category should be lowered.The representation comes in the wake of a large number of BEd colleges finding it difficult to attract students and many of them are having to deal with empty seats.\"Recently, the All India Council of Technical Education has also lowered eligibility criteria. There are many students who want admission to these courses, but the eligibility criteria do not allow them to apply. This should be lowered so that both students and colleges benefit,\" the syndicate member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16987437", "title": "\u2018Sadbhavana\u2019 show!: 35 seats with more than 15% Muslim vote will test Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: These are the seats where chief minister Narendra Modi's 'sadbhavana' will be monitored very closely. As BJP readies itself to do what old-timers in the Sangh Parivar still consider as sacrilege, Modi has prepared a post-delimitation list of Muslim-dominated constituencies where he is toying with the idea of fielding Muslims. In the last two elections in 2002 and 2007, the BJP did not field a single Muslim candidate.Ironically, the seat once considered to be an epitome of Hindutva, Khadia, has the maximum percentage of Muslim voters thanks to the delimitation. The new seat , now called Jamalpur-Khadia , has 61% of Muslims voters . The changed demography is now forcing the BJP to consider a Muslim for Jamalpur-Khadia.A few kilometers from Khadia , there are two constituencies in Ahmedabad with 0% Muslim voters --Naranpura and Ghatlodia , home to Hindus who migrated from the walled city as a result of continuous riots . Modi's closest allies , mini s t e r Anandiben Patel and former minister Amit Shah are eyeing these two safe seats .Delimitation has altered the poll-scape in many constituencies , turning so-called Hindu strongholds into borderline cases where the Muslim vote is decisive . Half of these top-ten Muslim-dominated seats are in Ahmedabad , with Dani Limda (48%), Dariapur (46%), Vejalpur (35%) and Bapunagar (28%) following Jamalpur-Khadia closely .Apart from these ten seats , there are 25 other seats where the Muslim component in more than 15 per cent . The seven seats which have more than 20 per cent Muslim vote are Godhra , Wankaner , Abdasa , Mandvi (Kutch), Siddhpur , Somnath and Surat (East ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985431", "title": "Prolonged darkness at Bahadurpura", "text": "HYDERABAD: For more than two lakh residents of Bahadurpura, uninterrupted power supply remains an elusive dream. With unscheduled power cuts lasting upto three hours every day, the area has been reeling under an acute power crisis for close to a year. Residents, public representatives and CPDCL officials pegged the power problem to the lack of a power substation in the area.Md Mohiuddin, an academic who runs a school in Chandulal Baradari said, \"Apart from the scheduled power cuts from 6 am to 8 am and 12 noon to 2 pm, there is no power in the area for at least two hours everyday. It becomes almost impossible for students to study without fans working.\" Akram Ali, another resident of Bahadurpura, lamented that there is an unscheduled power cut between 3.30 pm to 5.30 pm on Friday.CPDCL officials noted that a 220 KV feeder in Shivrampally directly supplies power to Miralam, Bahadurpura, Attapur and Chandulal Baradari thereby causing an overload leading to frequent power disruptions. Public representatives and CPDCL officials said that several representations were made to the authorities for allocation of land for a much needed 33 KV substation which could put an end to their woes, but they have remained unrelenting. The issue was even brought up at the district review committee (DRC) meeting but no concrete steps have been taken so far.According to Bahadurpura MLA Moazzam Khan, a land parcel of 500 square yards was requested for setting up a power substation at a Quli Qutub Shah urban development authority (QQSUDA) land parcel at Nandimuslaiguda near Kishan Bagh or in the Bahadurpura police station complex. While the police department has rejected the request, the land in Nandimuslaiguda is yet to be allotted from the revenue department. A CPDCL source said that they too have been pushing for the substation. An official requesting anonymity said, \"Due to overloading of the feeder we have been experiencing frequent insulator breakdowns and snapping of power cables due to the long distance from Shivrampally to Bahadurpura. Plans are afoot to change the overhead cables to 400 square millimetre underground cables under the master plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16985621", "title": "Tigress found dead in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A full grown tigress was found dead in Waghai nullah in Tadoba range of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) in district on Saturday morning.Ruling out poaching in this case, authorities claimed that beast died of snake bite. The deceased tigress was pregnant and vets discovered four foetus in her uterus during post mortem. With the death of this tigress, the tiger toll this year in Chandrapur has now reached 11.Tourist guide Tulsi Ramteke, who took tourists from Kolkata for a safari in the park, first located the tigress carcass in compartment no. 95 in Kolara beat of Tadoba range early morning. \"We crossed Pandharpauni area and headed through Waghai road. While passing along Waghai nullha at around 7.30 am, I located a tigress sitting half submerged in the stream passing through shrubby canopy,\" said tourist guide Tulsi Ramteke talking to TOI.Tourist Saurabh Chattarji and his group accompanying guide Ramteke took pictures and watched the tiger for some time. \"I got suspicious as tiger remained still, not even fluttering its ears, for long time. Close examination with the help of binocular revealed that it was dead. Beast was sitting with hind legs submerged in stream and forelegs out of water and head bowed lull on the bank,\" said Ramteke.He reported the incident to RFO (Protection) S K Sonwane, who met midway, and also at park's gate. Inspection of the carcass later revealed that it was tigress. Authorities closed Waghai circuit for the safari for the day to keep tourist away from the area.Postmortem was carried out by the team of three vets on the spot. Honorary wildlife warden Bandu Dhotre and PH Dhanwatey were overlooked the postmortem as PCCF and NTCA representative respectively.\"Autopsy revealed that tigress died of snake bite. There was massive hemorrhage in the internal organs, which could have been caused due to poisoning,\" said veterinary doctor PD Kadukar who was involved in the autopsy. He however claimed that bite marks can not be traced on hairy skin of the tigress.Kadukar claimed that carcass was fresh and beast appears to have died during Friday night. There were no external injuries on the body of tigress, he added. \"Deceased tigress was aged around six years and she was pregnant by one and half month. Four foetus including three male and a female was found in her uterus,\" he said.Foresters took pugmarks and stride length of the tigress to help her identification. It is possible that tigress was one moving with four cubs until recently. She had separated from her semi adult cubs a few months back.Senior TATR officers including field director Virendra Tiwari, deputy director (core) Sujay Dodal, deputy director (buffer) P Kalyankumar, probationary IFS officer Ninu Somaraj, DFOs Girish Vashishtha and SV Malbhushi were present on the spot. Carcass of tigress was cremated on the spot, after postmortem formalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16987013", "title": "Rights team recces Red-hit villages", "text": "RANCHI: A team of Coordination of Democratic Rights Organizations (CDRO), an umbrella organization of various civil liberties groups from across the country, is visiting Jharkhand and Bihar on a three-day fact finding mission. The team headed by Gautam Navlakha of peoples union for democratic rights (PUDR), Delhi comprising 14 members, will visit villages in Bihar and Jharkhand to speak to the villagers who claim to have fallen victim to the ongoing fight between the security forces and armed Maoist cadres.On receiving complaints about innocent villagers being targeted by security forces and the rebels during encounters, the civil liberties group decided to take stock of the situation from the grassroots, particularly the villages that are close to the Maoist dominated regions and where security operations are carried out frequently.Apart from Navlakha, the team comprises Ashish Gupta of PUDR, Delhi, writer and thinker from Punjab N K Geet, Narvendra Singh of Punjab Association for Democratic Rights, Prashant Haldar and Amit Devti Kumar of Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR), West Bengal , Chandrika Pandey and IIT Kharagpurprofessor, Anand Deltumbde from Andhra Pradesh, Shahnawaz Ansari and Rajiv Yadav of People Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL), Uttar Pradesh, Chandra of Andhra Pradesh Civil Liberties Committee (APCLC) and Laxman of Human Rights Forum (HRF), Andhra Pradesh, Ramashray Prasad Singh of Bihar PUCL and Kanhai Singh of CDRO Latehar.Local convener of CDRO, Shashi Bhushan Pathak said various humanist organizations operating in Bihar and Jharkhand have been receiving complaints from villagers. \"The villagers are tired of being sandwiched between the police and Maoists, especially their fights and gunbattle because of which peace has never been restored in the bordering villages,\" Pathak said, adding that the fact-finding team would come up with the real picture of the grassroots and issue an appeal to both the sides (police and Maoists) to spare the innocent villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16985579", "title": "Vettel, Webber head Indian GP starting grid", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Fernando Alonso is a sharp man. In that brain of his, he has probably sorted out all possible permutations and combinations that would make his winning the Formula 1 title likely. But reality doesn't evade the Ferrari driver.The Spaniard knows that it's not just a battle with Sebastian Vettel and the German's Red Bull . It's also about the fight with Red Bull's chief technical officer Adrian Newey . \"At the moment I am, or we are, not fighting against Sebastian only. We are fighting against Newey, let's say, because they are first and second in the last few races,\" Alonso said after the qualifying session in which he took the fifth spot. Vettel claimed pole with a time of 1 min 25.283 sec.His teammate Mark Webber's first run time of 1m 25.327s held up for second, but McLaren managed to iron out whatever issues they had on Friday, which was evident from the Saturday morning practice. Lewis Hamilton improved to the third position with 1m 25.544s and Jenson Button to fourth with 1m 25.659s. But it still wasn't enough to prevent Red Bull's third successive front-row lockout - the first time the team has achieved the feat.Saturday's morning practice session was interesting as the teams battled it out on low fuel loads on the soft Pirelli tyres. The times were quite close but Vettel was still the fastest man with 1m 25.842s. Pace wasn't with the Ferrari cars in the morning - Alonso was only seventh with 1m 26.521s and Felipe Massa 11th with 1m 26.691s.In the qualifying, the Ferraris improved upon the time but couldn't find the pace to catch the McLarens. Alonso's 1m 25.773s left him fifth while his teammate Massa, who lapped in 1m 25.857s on his second go, took the sixth spot. Lotus followed with Kimi Raikkonen , who was seventh, ahead of Sergio Perez of Sauber. Pastor Maldonado took the ninth spot for Williams, while Mercedes' Nico Rosberg completed the top 10 without setting a Q3 time.So thorough was Vettel's dominance in the Saturday afternoon qualifying that he got through to Q3 having just eight laps on his tyres. But he knows that Sunday could very well be a different story.\"You know the races these days, a lot of things can happen so I don't think that means a lot,\" he said when asked if being on pole gives him an advantage. \"Obviously I'm very happy to be on pole; it's the best possible position to start. So yeah, I'm very happy with that but there's a hard race coming up tomorrow. I think we had a bit of a surprise on Friday in terms of long runs. Everyone was quite competitive and tyres seemed to last reasonably well so we'll see what that means for strategy tomorrow,\" he added. Vettel has never won four races on the trot and a win here will also bring him closer to a third consecutive title.The Ferraris and McLarens have consistently been faster in longer runs and on Sunday the two teams would be hoping that they catch up with the Red Bulls. \"I think Ferrari potentially has slightly faster pace. Over all of us maybe, but we don't know what fuel they're on. Otherwise we're all very, very similar,\" Hamilton pointed out.With just six points separating Vettel and Alonso in the drivers' championship, clearly lot is at stake on Sunday in the 60-lap race, that too on a circuit that requires a great degree of technical skill from a driver. Alonso knows that being defensive will do him no good and he needs to go for a win here.\"I am not concerned, nor am I demotivated. I know that things can change very quickly and that high spirits on Saturday can easily turn to sadness on Sunday. We must try and make up places on the first lap and try to put pressure on our main rivals, ensuring they don't have an easy race. There are sixty laps to work with and we will need to tackle each one as if it's qualifying, by attacking. I definitely am not the sort to give up and that's my real advantage,\" the Spaniard stated defiantly.TOI's Race Day guideBefore the Start30 minutes to go: The pit lane is opened. Drivers can complete reconnaissance laps; take grid positions. 15 minutes to go: Pit lane closes. If any driver is still in the lane, he will start the race from there. 10 minutes to go: Grid is cleared. Only team technical staff, race officials and drivers remain. 3 minutes to go: All cars must fit their wheels. If any car is not ready, it starts from the back of the grid. 1 minute to go: All engines must be running. 15 seconds to go: All personnel must leave the grid.The start: Green lights signal the start of the formation lap. At the end of the lap, all cars take their grid positions again. Five red lights come on, one after the other at 5-second intervals to signal the start. The Indian Grand Prix will see 60 laps.Marshals: The job of the race stewards is to warn the drivers (by waving flags) of any accidents or debris ahead; they can even penalise.Pit stop: A team of 20 people work in a synchronized manner to make any change on the car or tyres. It can take anything between 3 seconds to 5, assuming there are no goof-ups. The Indian GP might see drivers juggle between one or two stops depending on strategy.FlagsYellow: Indicates danger ahead. Overtaking prohibited. Drivers must slow down. A double wave means driver must stop, if required.Red: Means race has been stopped, either due to an accident or because conditions are too poor for racing.Black: Waved alone with a Number placard. That car driver must immediately head into the pit lane, usually because he has broken some rule and may be disqualified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16986094", "title": "Officials inspect Melur as dengue scare worsens", "text": "MADURAI: With the dengue scare worsening in the district and the Melur region said to be more affected with the outbreak, a team of health officials from Chennai visited Melur on Saturday. Director of medical services, S Paranjothi inspected the Melur Government Hospital and instructed various measures in the hospital to fight the disease.On Friday, N Harisakthi, a seven-year-old girl from Melur region died of suspected dengue at the Government Rajaji Hospital. She was referred to the GRH after her condition worsened in Melur GH. Additionally, a six-year-old child from Vellalapatti near Melur died of suspected dengue in the GRH on Thursday and another woman from the same region initially admitted in the Melur GH, was shifted to the GRH. District collector, Anshul Mishra on Friday ordered the forming of special teams by roping in officials from various departments like revenue and health, local body representatives and self help groups to monitor the disease and take up source reduction works.Health officials led by Paranjothi inspected the hospital on Saturday and said that the Melur GH would be deployed with more personnel like doctors and staff nurses from neighbouring hospitals and the Madurai Medical College.However, even as the team was inspecting, another patient from Melur died on Saturday. Veerannan from Melur was admitted in the GRH for a few days, however hospital sources said that he died of complications from tuberculosis. GRH Dean, N Mohan said that Veerannan's case was not dengue related and he had been undergoing treatment since two months for advance TB and had died of TB related complications. At present there are 75 cases admitted in the GRH with dengue symptoms including children, and the hospital recently started a calamity ward to cater specially to these patients, the dean said. \"We appeal to the public to come as early as possible in case of fever complaints. We are fully prepared to handle dengue cases,\" he said. There were only three dengue related deaths in GRH so far including cases from neighbouring districts, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992740", "title": "Renu Desai\u2019s temple trip", "text": "Renu Desai, Pawan Kalyan's wife, along with their two-year-old daughter, visited the famous Kanaka Durga temple in Vijayawada on Saturday. The star wife performed a puja and took the divine blessings of the Goddess.Sources say that Renu was in Vijaywada to attend a wedding of a friend. Meanwhile, Pawan Kalyan is back in the city after a two-week holiday in Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16987647", "title": "Truck knocks man to death", "text": "BHOPAL: A 32-year-old man was knocked to death by a speeding truck here on Saturday. The Bagh Sewania police have registered a case in this regard against unidentified truck driver, who fled the spot leaving behind the vehicle.The police said deceased Pankaj Awasthi was a native of Ludhiana. He was a software engineer in the city and lived in Indus Town in Misrod area here for the past few years.He was heading for his office in the MP Nagar when a rashly-driven truck MP04-GA-5716 ran over him near RRL trisection. The victim, who sustained grievous injuries , succumbed on the spot, the police added.The police seized the truck. The body was recovered and sent for autopsy and further investigations are on, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16986977", "title": "Dhaba diplomacy on Canadian Prime Minister\u2019s platter?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Very few can resist the temptation of spicy Punjabi curry and its popularity abroad seems to have made even Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper curious about the taste. If everything goes as planned, the PM will relish a platter of traditional Punjabi food at a Sector-28 dhaba next month.Around 15 days ago, security personnel from Canadian Embassy reportedly visited Pal Dhaba in Sector 28 for a check. A few days later, officials from the embassy enjoyed a lunch at the eatery. During their visit, the officials are said to have informed the dhaba owner that the Canadian PM was likely to make a food-stop there during his visit to the city on November 7. Sources said Harper learned about the dhaba from NRIs holding various posts in Canada.To promote trade between the countries, Harper would be on an official visit to India from November 3 to 9. Apart from Chandigarh, he will also visit Delhi, Agra and Bangalore. A trip to the museum and gurdwara at Anandpur Sahib is also on the cards.The entourage accompanying the PM would include trade minister Ed Fast, natural resources minister Joe Oliver, agriculture and agri food minister Gerry Ritz, minister of state sports Bal Gosal and minister of state democratic reforms Tim Uppal.Dhaba owner Sunny Pal confirmed that the embassy's security personnel and officials had visited the place and informed him about the visit.Talking to TOI, SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said: \"We received a communique that the Canadian PM will be in city on November 7. Some embassy officials had gone to Pal Dhaba but I am not sure whether the PM will go there as we haven't received all details of the visit. The route map has not been drawn as yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16992090", "title": "Parthiv Sureshwaren finishes 10th in MRF Challenge 2012", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Parthiv Sureshwaren was the best placed Indian, finishing 10th in Race 2 of the MRF Challenge 2012 at the Buddh International Circuit on Sunday.Parthiv got into a race long battle with Tom Gladdis before he grabbed the 10th spot.Jordan King, meanwhile made an emphatic return to the top step of the podium. Starting again from pole position, he once more got out-dragged into the first corner, this time by Jon Lancaster.Jordan fought back very hard and after a battle that lasted a few laps, he managed to pull off an impressive overtaking manoeuvre, retaking the lead, and then wasn't challenged again for the rest of the race.Lancaster tried his utmost to get back at Jordan, but ran wide and hit the barrier, ending his race challenge.The battle for second place raged on with Luciano Bacheta and Conor Daly fighting tooth and nail right up to the last corner of the last lap.Luciano got the better of Conor in the end, and they finished the race in second and third places, respectively.Alice Powell once more just missed out on the podium, finishing fourth with Matthew Mason in 5th and Hector Hurst in 6th place.Jordan leads the points table with 48 points, followed by Conor Daly with 44 points, and Luciano Bacheta with 39 points.The next round of the MRF Challenge 2012 will be held at The Buddh International Circuit from November 30 to December 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986917", "title": "Centralized test for Patna University admissions on cards", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU), which will be celebrating its centenary after four years, has initiated several steps to improve academic standard in keeping with the changing times. The university has planned to hold a centralized entrance test for admission of students to undergrad as well as PG courses from the next academic session.For the first time this year, an entrance test was introduced for admission of students to undergrad courses in arts, science and commerce streams in all its constituent colleges. Initial hiccups notwithstanding, the tests were held at all the centres and admissions made on the basis of candidates' performance in the test.PU happens to be the state's only university to introduce semester system in all its PG courses from the current academic session. Most PG departments have already conducted the first midsemester examination. The second midsemester examinations are likely to be conducted before Diwali.PU will soon have its own campus radio for the benefit of its scholars. Working on the pattern of community radio, the campus radio will be run by the students, especially those of journalism and mass communications courses.PU VC Shambhunath Singh said he had contacted the Canada-based Commonwealth School of Learning officials and talked to the South Asian chief of the Commonwealth Educational Media Centre for Asia (CEMCA) Shreedharan in this regard. CEMCA has agreed to provide financial and technical help in setting up the campus radio. The UNDP will also be approached for financial support for this initiative, Singh added.The university has also introduced a system of obtaining feedback from students on the performance of their teachers with a view to improving the teaching-learning process. Teachers of the university have also been asked to submit their self-assessment reports online to the university website.The UGC schemes of examination reforms are also being implemented in the university. Computerized evaluation of answer-sheets of BSc and BCom honours students and online display of evaluated answer- sheets have been introduced, making the examination system transparent. Several new courses, including master of journalism and mass communications, bioinformatics and women's studies, have also been launched from the current academic session.After a gap of 29 years, the election to the university students' union will be held on December 11 as per the recommendations of Lyngdoh Committee. A committee has been constituted to frame the guidelines for conducting the elections on the pattern of Jawaharlal Nehru University and Delhi University students' union elections. Representatives of different student organizations have been invited to give their suggestions on the issue at a meeting to be held soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986618", "title": "Will Sardinha be Goa's fourth Union minister?", "text": "PANAJI: While there's heavy lobbying in the national capital for a cabinet reshuffle, sources in the Congress said that south Goa MP Francisco Sardinha is being considered for a berth as minister of state. It is difficult to say whether he would succeed, the sources added.This is not the first time Sardinha's name has come up for discussion for inclusion in the council of ministers.On two previous occasions it did, but he was not successful. One reason was that Sardinha had not got the support from the Congress leadership in Goa. Later on, he was made chairman of the estimates committee.In the past, for long, Goa has had representation in the union council of ministers-Eduardo Faleiro during the Congress regime, followed by Ramakant Khalap during the third front, and Shripad Naik when A B Vajpayee was the prime minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985545", "title": "'Sleep-starved' VIPs keep Chest Hospital on toes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state-run Chest Hospital at Erragadda might be a strict no for the city's who's who but, of late, the rundown facility has been getting unlikely patients at its doorstep with the visitors including MLAs, IAS officers, engineers and doctors. The hospital is now struggling to keep pace and is sometimes being forced to give priority to its VIP patients who doctors say are \"sleep deprived\". And Chest Hospital, with its full-fledged Sleep Lab, is helping them find a solution to their daytime sleepiness by studying their sleep overnight and prescribing the treatment accordingly.Not just VIPs but hundreds of sleep deprived Hyderabadis are suffering from Obstructive Sleep Apnoea (OSA), a common sleep disorder characterized by snoring and daytime sleepiness. Patients complain of dozing at work or worse while driving and in most cases of snoring loudly. Alarmingly, the hospital has been getting a steady flow of RTC drivers among others for sleep tests. Experts note that snoring, waking up in the middle of night, gasping and choking, causing automobile or work-related accidents and daytime sleepiness are signs of OSA. Diagnosis is possible only through a sleep test at a sleep lab. Vizag Chest Hospital is the second facility in the public sector and Apollo Hospital in the private sector which have well-equipped sleep labs. While some private hospitals are offering home-based sleep studies for which they are charging a bomb (Rs 8,000), they are not authentic, experts say.\"Surgical correction is possible only in 25%-30% of the patients. Most of the patients have to use a mask which is attached to a machine that continuously blows air into their nose called CPAP. The machine costs anywhere between Rs 35,000 and Rs 1 lakh. This has to be used for at least 4-5 hours daily,\" said Dr PNS Reddy, superintendent of Chest Hospital. The hospital performs 8-12 sleep studies a month and charges Rs 2,000 for the six-hour long study.Doctors contradict the assumption that snoring indicates deep sleep by calling it a health hazard. \"It was only during the last decade that snoring has been recognized as a health hazard in India. Snoring is unhealthy, unnatural and potentially harmful to life,\" says Dr TV Krishna Rao, senior ENT specialist who sees at least five new sleep apnoea patients every week. His latest patient is a 35-year-old medical store operator weighing 100 kilos who complains of night gasping and choking. He adds that sleep apnoea is largely an under-diagnosed condition which can be fatal because it prevents breathing while sleep. Each pause in breathing is called apnoea and these pauses may occur from 5-30 times or more in an hour.Mild occasional sleep apnoea, which many people experience during an upper respiratory infection, may not be important, but chronic OSA requires treatment to prevent low blood oxygen, sleep deprivation and other complications. Specialists say that OSA is more common among people who are obese and have a sedentary lifestyle. While the incidence is more common in males, as the age increases incidence also goes up among women. Also, it is more common in smokers and those who take alcohol in the night. Alcohol decreases upper airway muscle tone which in turn increases severity of snoring and apnoea, specialists note.Doctors say that most people are often oblivious to their snoring problem. Dr Vinay Kumar , ENT specialist with Apollo who has performed around 200 corrective surgeries, says that most women tolerate their husband's snoring. Dr K Subhakar, pulmonologist with Chest Hospital, adds that people tend to go to psychiatrists who prescribe sedatives for this problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986540", "title": "Govt grant for 'tribal' schools to take their students outside Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Schools with dominant scheduled tribe (ST) enrolment will be provided grants of up to 1 lakh by the state government to take the tribal children on study tours outside Goa, to give them exposure to the life and culture outside the state.The scheme will be called 'Prashikshan Yatra' and its objective is to expose tribals at a young age to the outside world and therefore help broaden their horizons. \"Scheduled Tribe population in Goa has not travelled and is not exposed to the outside world. This is one of the causes of their backwardness. They do not want to move out of Goa and compete at the national level to get the benefits earmarked for the tribal population,\" the scheme reads.Educational institutes in tribal-dominated areas will be able to conduct study tours across the country and cover places of historic, cultural and educational importance. The study tours will have to be planned during school vacations.Grants of up to 1 lakh by the state government will cover expenses such as the actual travelling cost of up to 40 students and two teachers by rail, entry passes to visit monuments and expenditure of lodging for a minimum of six days. Any expenditure not covered by the scheme will have to be borne by the educational institution.The school availing of the scheme will have to be affiliated to the Goa Board or any other recognized board state or central board. Students only from Classes VIII to XII will be eligible for the tour under the scheme.The tour can be held only with prior written permission of the directorate of education, tribal welfare department and with confirmed rail or bus tickets of the students and guide teachers. The school management will have to take an undertaking from the students' parents that they desire to send their child on the tour so that schools do not force students to join the tour against their will.The tour will have to start from the nearest railway/bus station to the school. On completion of the tour, the guide teachers will have to submit a study/experience-sharing report to the tribal welfare department within 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16992591", "title": "Lifestyle and tension causes neuro disease", "text": "AMRITSAR: Contemporary life style and prevailing tension was the cause for increasing neuro diseases all over the world , said Prof Phillip J Robinson of Children Medical Research Institute, NSW,Australia while delivering his special lecture at the second day of 30th Indian Academy of Neurosciences meet held at Guru Nanak Dev University on Sunday. Robinson said that social support and sympathy were required for patients of depression.He said that many scientists all over the world were doing research on neuro diseases and hoped that they would discover suitable treatment for neuro patients.He said that Epilepsy (Recurrent Seizures) in children was curable. He also stressed upon the use of Dynamin inhibitors as a treatment for epilepsy. He said that epilepsy arises in children due to myelination. He said that epilepsy was found in 90% of developing countries. In India, 70% cases occur in rural areas. He suggested that the cooperative and loving attitude of parents, teachers and society could helps the children to respond well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16986833", "title": "Two killed in bike-lorry collision", "text": "THRISSUR: Two persons were killed when a mini-lorry rammed a two-wheeler at Marathakara Signal Junction here early on Saturday morning. The deceased have been identified as Konnikkara native Sijosh (32), son of Akkara Paul and Kuttanellur native Bijoy (32), son of Thoppil Francis.The local police said that the duo was crossing the signal junction on the National Highway on their bike when the incident occurred.\"While Sijosh died on the spot, Bijoy breathed his last at a private hospital in Thrissur. Both were thrown into the service lane after they were hit by the speeding mini-lorry,\" police said. According to sources, Sijosh had lost his mobile phone somewhere on the National Highway. He had requested Bijoy, who was sleeping at home, to come along and help him search for it.Sijosh and Bijoy were thrown into the service lane after they were hit by a speeding mini-lorry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16989845", "title": "Gagan Narang to flag off Indian Grand Prix", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: London Olympics bronze medal winning shooter Gagan Narang will flag off the second Formula One Indian Grand Prix on Sunday.Narang, who clinched a bronze in the 10m air rifle event, confirmed his attendance on Saturday night.\"Sports minister Ajay Maken was our first choice to flag off the race but we were not aware of today's cabinet reshuffle,\" said an official of the Jaypee Group, the organisers of the event.Earlier, there was speculation that actor Hrithik Roshan had been finalised to flag off the race at the Buddh International Circuit .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16985791", "title": "F1 finale likely to generate missing buzz", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The 2012 edition of Formula One has not been able to match the hype surrounding last year's event. Organizers admit that even slashing of ticket prices has not succeeding in recreating the magic of the inaugural event. But, they said, \"the race day Sunday\" is expected to draw in more crowds with a number of celebrities expected to turn up.Still, the diehard racing enthusiasts from different countries and parts of India made their way to the track on the first two days. \"We are expecting 75,000 people to show up on Sunday. The main race is on Sunday, and even last year, the final day recorded the maximum footfall,\" said Askari Zaidi, Jaypee Group.A number of budget hotels in Noida, which were mostly booked by fans from different cities in India, said there is less demand this year. \"Five-star hotels and those closer to the circuit are completely booked. Rooms in five-star hotels are taken up by ardent fans and visitors from different countries. But there have been fewer takers from within the country,\" said Raghuveer Sharma of Green View Hotel, Greater Noida. However, racing enthusiasts in Delhi were far from discouraged. \"I attended F1 last year and will not miss it for the world this year. It was an incredible experience and even though the hype is definitely less this year, I am sure the race will only get better,\" said Ramesh Sethi, a DU student.Last year, the rush caused city roads to choke. But cops and the district administration say they are better prepared to ensure last year's mistakes are not repeated. \"Arterial roads that are likely to be affected have been turned into no-entry zones, and heavy vehicles have been banned from using the Noida-Greater Noida expressway,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, traffic inspector, Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985639", "title": "Objection to development control rule change on high-rises on fringes of airport", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Janhit Ahgadi and a couple of Congress corporators have strongly objected to the City Improvement Committee's (CIC) suggestion to delete the precondition to seek defence department's No Objection Certificate (NOC) for high-rise construction close to the Lohegaon airport.The DC rules of the PMC state: \"The development permission, for building having height more than 15 meter and falling within 2 km radius of international airport site and within 1 km from periphery of defence area shall be considered only after the applicant produces NOC from the Minister of Defence through Air Force station, Pune\".While approving the new Development Plan (DP) for the old city areas, the CIC deleted this precondition and said that there was no need for an NOC for high-rise buildings around the airport site.\"The CIC's move is shocking. The CIC members who have proposed this change in the DC rule have compromised with the security of the airport. Considering the presence of defence establishment in this locality, high-rise buildings could prove a serious threat. We will take up the matter with the state government,\" said Congress corporators Sanjay Balgude and Mukari Algude on Saturday.The Congress corporators alleged that the DC rule changes were proposed to benefit some influential developers who want to construct high-rise buildings in the locality. \"We will oppose it in the General Body meeting, and if required, launch an agitation,\" said Balgude.Pune Janhit Aghadi, a civic organization, said in a press release that the CIC members who have proposed changes in the DC rules have showed willingness to compromise with the security of defence establishment and the airport.\"The PMC should clarify why this change was proposed in the DC rules,\" said Ujwal Keskar, the president of the Pune Janhit Aghadi.City Improvement Committee rejects allegationsCIC chairman Chetan Tupe said the Committee members have not compromised with the defence or airport security. \"The NOC rule was not a part of the 1987 DP. This rule was incorporated by the civic administration and it is not consistent with the Union government's rules. The CIC decided to delete this rule because permission is already being given for high-rise buildings in this area,\" said Tupe.\"If we consider a 2 km radius, as the rule says, many existing buildings will come under the rule. So it is an impractical rule and hence we deleted it,\" Tupe added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985334", "title": "Over 1,200 Outer Ring Road land losers not yet compensated", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has since last month started toll collection on the completed portion of the Outer Ring Road (ORR) although it has hardly been as prompt in the matter of extending compensation to more than 1,200 property owners who had parted with their land to facilitate the project.It was five years ago that HMDA had acquired land from these property owners, farmers included, who have since then only been making rounds of the urban authority's office. Of the affected property owners, 1,080 belong to the villages of Pedda Amberpet, Taramatipeta, Bongulur, Pasumamula and Piglipur. They were promised plots in Koheda village under the relief and rehabilitation (R&R;) package but no possession has been given till date despite repeated requests.According to sources, the Rangareddy district administration has upon a request from HMDAallotted about 118 acres of land (survey No.507) at Koheda village in Hayathnagar mandal for developing a layout for ORR land losers. Since the parcel of land is over 100 acres, the proposal was sent to the chief commissioner of land administration a year ago. Since then, no decision has been taken reportedly due to legal problems and encroachments over the earmarked government land.Another 170 ORR land losers in the villages of Gowdavelli, Kandlakoya, Dundigal and Muneerabad too, are waiting for their developed plots under the R&R; package at Thimmayapally village in Qutubullapur mandal. Their allotment has been delayed by more than three years due to developer problems. \"The ORR project wing is not sure when they will give possession of these plots. They are not even showing alternative land for land-to-land compensation. We have been asking them to give leftover plots in other developed layouts, but the authorities are not considering our request,\" P Srinivasa Rao, who lost his land for the ORR project at Pedda Amberpet, told STOI.The erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) had taken over land from about 5,000 farmers and plot owners for the ORR. Out of that, nearly 3,200 land losers had opted for land compensation instead of cash compensation. As per the compensation package finalised by the state government in 2006, farmers parting with over 80% of their agricultural land for the ORR project were eligible for land compensation, apart from cash compensation. The land owners would get a 400 square yard plot for every acre with a maximum ceiling of 1,200 sq yards. The plot owners would also be eligible for land-to-land compensation. For land-to-land compensation, the HMDA has developed layouts in Shamshabad, Yadgarpally, Srinagar and Kondapur villages where nearly 2,300 land losers have been given land.When contacted, ORR land acquisition officer D Bhaskar admitted that over 1,200 property owners are yet to get their plots under the R&R; package in Koheda and Thimmayapally. \"The revenue department has not yet handed over land to us as they are awaiting CCLA's clearance,\" he said.The land losers are hoping that they would get their compensation at least before the ORR gets completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985749", "title": "Fresh hurdle to replace Cheetah, Chetak choppers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Military top brass is keeping its fingers crossed as their efforts to get a replacement for Cheetah and Chetak helicopters that are crucial in maintaining high-altitude military posts and evacuation of casualties yet again faces unexpected obstacles.As the latest effort to procure 197 Light Utility Helicopters enters final stages, allegations have surfaced yet again questioning its probity. Documents filed in an Italian court say that an Army aviation brigadier had sought a commission of $5 million (approx Rs 25 crore) to manipulate the trials to suit AgustaWestland, an associate of Finmeccanica, which is under investigation in Italy for alleged kickbacks.AgustaWestland and US helicopter-maker Sikorsky ultimately did not qualify in the 197 helicopter trials, and the final competition is now between Eurocopter and Russian firm Kamov. However, the Defence Acquisition Council (DAC) headed by A K Antony , which meets on Monday to discuss among others purchase of these choppers, would not be able to wish away the allegations.Military top brass is surprised by the eerie coincidence with the last time's aborted bid in 2007. After Eurocopter was selected, unsubstantiated allegations emerged in the media about manipulation of the deal. As the ministry of defence (MoD) maintained a studied silence, a key joint secretary transferred the reports into official concerns. Given the sensitivities around corruption, his senior officials had no option but to agree with him, one of them told TOI recently. Antony referred the file to CVC, which recommended cancellation of the deal. Two of the senior most officials involved in the issue told TOI recently that they were \"tricked\" into the cancellation.The process to find a replacement for Cheetah/Chetak helicopters was started in the early part of last decade. Some 15 years later, and many crashes involving the ageing helicopters and death of several pilots and personnel, all the arms of the military are still waiting. The Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) has yet not been able to produce an indigenous replacement.Meanwhile, IAF on Saturday denied that it had a serving/retired officer by the name Sanjeev Kumar Tyagi on its rolls. Reports had said that Tyagi was among three Indians being investigated in Italy for their alleged links to kickbacks in the 2010 deal for purchase of VVIP helicopters from AgustaWestland.Gautam Khaitan, a Supreme Court lawyer whose name too figure in reports, said, \"I emphatically state that I have no role at all in any defence deal of any nature whatsoever with any party/company.\" Khaitan said, \"There is no question of any wrongdoing. I and my firm are acting as the lawyers for Aeromatrix for the limited purpose of helping the company with its statutory compliances in India and some other petty day-today matters.\"Khaitan, however, did not say that he is also a director of Aeromatrix, a Chandigarh-based software firm, in which Guido Ralph Haschke, the Swiss consultant who was arrested last week for his alleged role in Finmeccanica scandal is also a director.Praveen Bakshi, CEO of Aeromatrix, which works with among others AgustaWestland, said, \"There is no involvement of mine or of the company Aeromatrix of which I am the principal officer, with any defence dealings and particularly that of the VVIP helicopter purchase by the government of India.\"Corrigendum We would like to clarify that the article erroneously refers to Sikorsky's bid for the 197 Light Utility Helicopters for the Army. The fact is that Sikorsky did not participate in the program mentioned in the article, hence the question of not qualifying does not arise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16992586", "title": "Southwest monsoon weak across Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Palya in Alur taluk of Hassan district recorded maximum rainfall of 7.5mm in Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Rainfall over Karnataka in these 24-hours is considered as isolated since one percent of hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall greater than on equal to 2.5mm, VS Prakash, director, Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre (KSNDMC), Bangalore stated.Rainfall was isolated in one district, and negligible in 29 districts of Karnataka. South-west monsoon was weak in all 30 districts. M oderate rain was recorded in one district, light rain in two districts; very light rain in 10 districts, and no rain in 17 districts. Isolated, light to rather heavy rain was received in Gulbarga, Hassan, Belgaum and Bagalkote districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to October 28 has recorded deficit rainfall of 28%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 964.4mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 690.3mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on October 28, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 3.5mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986996", "title": "Expats cast votes in US polls", "text": "BANGALORE: The US presidential elections is just a week away. And miles away in Bangalore, American expats here are as clued in and enthused as their fellow citizens in their home country. Many have already exercised their franchise weeks in advance for the November 6 polls that will decide the Barack Obama-Mitt Romney faceoff.Like Dr Pamela Scheffler, an environmental scientist doing research in Bangalore. Pamela has already voted through absentee ballot. On a US Fulbright-Nehru Environmental fellowship in the city with Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and Environment, Pamela is clear about her agenda for the US.Though she favours Obama, she wishes to see extensive changes in her country in the next four years. \"We need to move to sustainable energy and a recognition that a healthy environment is critical to our way of life,\" she said, adding, \"The economy is often set against environmental protection but there is no reason that a strong economy can't be built on sustainable values.\"Pamela used a US government website to submit her information and send an application online to her home state in Hawaii, after which an absentee ballot was emailed to her. \"I was able to bring the ballot to a US consulate representative who came to Bangalore and the mail was sent through official channel,\" she told STOI.Annu Matthew, an American citizen of Indian origin, too has polled in a similar way. \"I didn't want to miss out on the opportunity to cast my vote for the presidential elections,\" says the professor of photography at the University of Rhode Island , who is currently in the city on a fellowship programme. \"I believe in being slow and steady to win the race and I am all for Obama's second term,\" she adds.Meanwhile, there are a few American expatriates in the city who will not be voting. Christine E Rogers, a research student, had to leave for India before she could register for absentee voting. \"This is the first presidential elections that I haven't voted and I am pretty sad about it,\" she said. An artist, Christine too is rooting for Obama for his \"connect with middle class Americans\". \"However, I'd like to see more reforms in the next four years in the education and health sector,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16990279", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle: I wanted Rahul Gandhi in government, Manmohan Singh says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ruling out early elections, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said today's expansion of his council of ministers would probably be the last.\"I don't see early elections. Elections will be held in due course,\" he told reporters at the Rashtrapati Bhawan after the swearing in ceremony.Asked whether this would be the last reshuffle, he said: \"Hopefully, probably this is the last reshuffle.\"On Rahul Gandhi, Manmohan Singh said that he always wanted Rahul Gandhi in the govt, but it has been Rahul's decision to stay out as he wants to strengthen the party.Asked what was the message from today's exercise, he said it is a combination of youth, experience and relevance of portfolios.What is the road ahead? he was asked. The Prime Minister replied that the road ahead is full of challenges.To a question about the proposal to move some people from government to party, he said: \"The party also needs men and women of experience to strengthen it. They will be equally productive in the party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989517", "title": "Musafir and Dj Scorpio presents Laaray remix", "text": "Suvah Entertainment is a music production company based in Los Angeles. Its main focus is to produce commercial music by unlocking the doors for new talent and breaking the musical boundaries. With recent performances at 'Match Made in Heaven, A benefit for CureSonia', 'Straight Outta Chandigarh', and 'Indian Summer' Suvah Entertainment is becoming the talk of the musical world. Their new singles 'Laaray' and 'Desi Da Peg' were recently featured on Bollywood N' Bhangra USA, as well as Asian XL and Urbandesi Radio, both well renowned radio stations in the United Kingdom .Suvah Entertainment is the brainchild of Vivek Malhotra and Amit Apte who have over 10 years of experience in the music industry. They are committed to discovering, developing the best talent and producing world class music for their artists.Lead singer Musafir Ludhianvi started singing very early in his life. After moving to the U.S.A his singing career took a backseat, but he never stopped writing. From Gazals, shayri to full Punjabi and Hindi songs, Musafir never stopped. After writing the simple lyrics to Raahey Jaande, Musafir's musiccareer began. Be sure to check out Musafir Ludhianvi on Facebook.After meeting Brainstorm a.k.a Vivek Malhotra the two teamed up to create a Punjabi and Hip hop fusion sound unlike any other. Brainstorm who also began writing at a young age, wrote his first \"flow\" at only 15. Never shy in front of the camera Brainstorm has performed at over 1,000 events.Suvah is an enthusiastic, youthful company that live and breathe the way of world wide way of universal music. They have background in different styles ranging from Punjabi to Bollywood, rock to hip hop, pop to R&B; and everything in between. World rhythms are often found in their productions.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990292", "title": "Challenge 2 released in 270 screens, sets record", "text": "With masala flick Challenge-2 being opened in 270 screens across the country, the highest number of theatres for a Bengali film, the movie has set a new record, the film's producers said.Starring Dev, Challenge-2 is being screened in both single screen and multiplexes in Mumbai, in single screens of Chhattisgarh , Bihar , Odisha, MP and Assam.The occupancy rate is over 60 per cent since the October 19 release, producers Mahendra Soni said.\"This is the first time a non-double-version Bengali flick has been released in 270 theatres across the country and continues its successful run in the non-niche segment of core viewers outside Bengal,\" Soni told .\"The camera work normally associated with Bollywood entertainers, the glossy look, the sleek stunt shots and the fast paced editing helped in winning the audience, even outside Bengal,\" director Raja Chanda said.The film's music was done by Jeet Ganguly who is familiar to the pan-Indian audience, Chanda, a known name in Bengali potboilers.We are planning to screen Challenge-2 abroad for the Indian diaspora by the end of this year, Soni of Venkatesh Films said.Besides Dev, the cast includes Ashish Vidyarthi, Rajatabha Datta and new heroine Puja Bose.Challenge , the prequel of Challenge-2 , had been released in Bengal territory only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "16987381", "title": "School celebrates founder\u2019s birth anniversary", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: To commemorate birth anniversary of the founder of Guru Nanak Public School, Baba Gurmukh Singh, the school hosted the 12th state level inter-school \"shabad gyan\" competition on Saturday. Around 100 students from 20 teams from the schools of Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Sangrur participated.The judges for the day were Sripal Singh (raagi at the Golden Temple, Amritsar); Charanjit Kaur, lecturer in music department at Ramgarhia College, Ludhiana; and Rajinder Kaur, lecturer at Manji Sahib College, Khanna, who judged the students on the basis of \"swar\", \"tal\" and \"raga\".Principal Mona Singh congratulated the winners and said that the event showcased traditional classical singing which has otherwise taken a backseat in the modern world of jazz and pop.General Gurnam Singh Public School, Sangrur, won the first prize while Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, and GGN Public School, Rose Garden, Ludhiana, were declared second while BCM, Shastri Nagar, secured the third place. Jasbir Singh and Surinder Singh, president and general secretary, respectively, of GNPS managing committee felicitated the winners.Also, to celebrate the National Year of Mathematics, in the memory of renowned Indian Mathematician, S R Ramanujan, the department of mathematics conducted a competition to select \"topper of the topper\" in mathematics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16993012", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle: Complete list of Manmohan Singh's new team", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday effected a reshuffle of his Council of Ministers.Following is the list of the Union Council of Ministers:Manmohan Singh: Prime Minister and also in-charge of the ministries/departments not specifically allocated to the charge of any minister viz: ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions; ministry of planning; department of atomic energy and department of space.CABINET MINISTERSSharad Pawar: Minister of agriculture and minister of food processing industriesA K Antony: Minister of defenceP Chidambaram: Minister of financeSushil Kumar Shinde: Minister of home affairsSalman Khursheed: Minister of external affairsGhulam Nabi Azad: Minister of health and family welfareM Veerappa Moily: Minister of petroleum and natural gasFarooq Abdullah: Minister of new and renewable energyS Jaipal Reddy: Science and technology and earth sciencesKamal Nath: Minister of urban development &amp; parliamentary affairsAjit Singh: Minister of civil aviationVayalar Ravi: Minister of overseas indian affairsMallikarjun Kharge: Minister of labour and employmentKapil Sibal: Minister of communications and information technologyAnand Sharma Minister of Commerce and Industry Minister of TextilesC P Joshi: Minister of road transport and highwaysKumari Selja: Minister of social justice and empowermentG K Vasan: Minister of shippingPawan K Bansal: Minister of railwaysM K Alagiri: Minister of chemicals and fertilizersPraful Patel: Minister of heavy industries and public enterprisesShriprakash Jaiswal: Minister of coalK Rahman Khan: Minister of minority affairsV Kishore Chandra Deo: Minister of tribal affairs minister of panchayati rajBeni Prasad Verma: Minister of steelJairam Ramesh: Minister of rural developmentDinsha Patel: Minister of minesAjay Maken: Minister of housing and urban poverty alleviationM M Pallam Raju: Minister of human resource developmentAhswani Kumar: Minister of law and justiceHarish Rawat: Minister of water resourcesChandresh Kumari Katoch: Minister of cultureMINISTERS OF STATE WITH INDEPENDENT CHARGEManish Tewari: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of information and broadcastingKrishna Tirath: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of women and child developmentK Chiranjeevi: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of tourismK V Thomas: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of consumer affairs, food and public distributionSrikant Jena: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of statistics and programme implementation and minister of state of the ministry of chemicals and fertilizersJayanthi Natrajan: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of environment and forestsPaban Singh Ghatowar: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of development of north eastern region and minister of state of the ministry of parliamentary affairsJyotiraditya Madhavrao Scindia: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of power.K H Muniappa: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprisesSachin Pilot: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of corporate affairsJitendra Singh: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of youth affairs and sportsBharatsinh Solanki: Minister of state (independent charge) of the ministry of drinking water and sanitationMINISTERS OF STATE:E Ahamed: Minister of state in the ministry of external affairsD Purandeswari: Minister of state in the ministry of commerce and industryJitin Prasada: Minister of state in the ministry of defence and human resource developmentS Jagathrakshakan: Minister of state in the ministry of new and renewable energyK C Venugopal: Minister of state in the ministry of civil aviationRajeev Shukla: Minister of state in the ministry of parliamentary affairs and planningMullappally Ramachandran: Minister of state in the ministry of home affairsV Narayanasamy: Minister of state in the ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions minister of state in the prime minister's officeR P N Singh: Minister of state in the ministry of homePanabaka Lakshmi: Minister of state in the ministry of textiles.K J Surya Prakash Reddy: Minister of state in the ministry of railwaysRanee Narah: Minister of state in the ministry of tribal affairsAdhir Ranjan Chowdhury: Minister of state in the ministry of railwaysA H Khan Choudhury: Minister of state in the ministry of health and family welfareSarvey Sathyanarayana: Minister of state in the ministry of road transport and highwaysNinong Ering: Minister of state in the ministry of minority affairsDeepa Dasmunsi: Minister of state in the ministry of culturePorika Balram Naik: Minister of state in the ministry of social justice and empowerment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986104", "title": "Rs 35,000 crore loss only notional: Goa Mineral Ore Exporters' Association", "text": "PANAJI: Mine owners finally broke their silence on the Shah commission report, albeit a day before the Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) is to visit Goa on a three-day probe.Calling the commission's finding of a Rs 35,000 crore-loss due to illegal mining a purely \"notional\" figure, members of the Goa Mineral Ore Exporters' Association (GMOEA) said they will file an intervention petition in the illegal mining case being heard in the Supreme Court. They were non-committal on whether mining firms will offer any relief package to mining-dependent people.Addressing a press conference in Panaji , GMOEA president Shivanand Salgaocar disputed the methodology used by justice M B Shah to arrive at the loss of Rs 35,000 crore to the state exchequer. \"This figure is only notional,\" he told press persons. He claimed the commission's calculation of illegal mining carried out in 578.42 ha of land was the result of \"wrong assumptions, misinterpretation of facts, wrong readings of Google maps and a faulty survey done using handheld GPS devices\".To substantiate the argument of the figure being notional, association members-consistently evasive towards specific questions-quoted from the Shah commission report: \"For actual loss to the state from each mine and other illegal mining, it should be calculated based on ground realities by a team of experts in the field with latest 3D-laser measurement equipment and other factors.\"The association also made a presentation to show that the conclusion drawn by the commission was \"incorrect and unrealistic\". \"We will take this up at the right forum,\" Salgaocar said.He pointed out that before the exact loss has been estimated people are already talking about theft and the recovery of the Rs 35,000 crore to rehabilitate other stakeholders in the state. \"The (CEC) investigation should be completed as soon as possible so that life connected to the mining industry can go on,\" Salgaocar stressed.GMOEA members said they fear that the restart of mining activities will be delayed even more as there are \"too many agencies involved in investigating the alleged illegal mining in the state\". Ambar Timblo hoped the CEC uses the \"right methodology\" during its investigations.Salgaocar said the association will file an intervention petition in the Supreme Court in the illegal mining case filed by Mapusa-based NGO, Goa Foundation. \"We are an affected party and we will file an intervention (petition),\" said Salgaocar.Association members were reluctant to answer questions on whether mining firms would provide any relief package for those dependent on mining. Salgaocar said, \"You're asking me the question when I myself am in difficulty. This is a relationship between individuals, and cannot be discussed in public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991842", "title": "Tulisa to pen book based on real people", "text": "Tulisa Contostavlos has revealed that some characters in her new book will be based on real people.Fresh from releasing her explosive autobiography 'Honest, My Story So Far,' the 24-year-old singer said that she is now working on her first fiction book.\"I'm writing a novel. Let's say there are elements of the book based on real-life characters I know,\" the Daily Star quoted her as saying.\"Its definitely not 50 Shades Of Grey. It's exciting for me. It's something that I wanted to do with the same publishers as my autobiography.\"I do a lot of reading. I like crime novels and my No 1 author is Martina Cole,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16985256", "title": "Erosion victims turn to Almighty after government fails", "text": "JORHAT: It is not in the power of modern science and technology to fight nature's wrath. At least the residents of Majuli think so, for these victims of erosion have decided to go for the last resort, the Almighty.Over two thousand people from 23 erosion-affected villages along the Brahmaputra offered prayers to the river on Saturday in order to appease god. They were joined by vaishnavites from three ashrams situated in Majuli. Despite spending crores of rupees on anti-erosion schemes, the government has failed to bring the situation under control.\"We have no other alternative than to offer prayer to the Almighty to save ourselves. The river is washing away the villages one after another and gobbling up hundreds of hectares of culpable land belonging to the farmers here. Government projects bore no fruit. So we decided to come together to offer prayer to the river seeking her kindness to save us,\" said a villager, who was present at the programme held at Bhogpur Puhardia area.Dimbeswar Dutta, who has lost 18 bighas to the river so far, said: \"Nowadays we have lost our faith in modern science and technology that are being used in Majuli protection works. Almost all the scientific projects become worthless in Majuli and the erosion continues. We have lost many villages and thousands of families have become homeless.\"\"Crores of rupees have been released for the projects but with no result,\" Dutta added.Five villages, like Upper Sonowal, Nam Sonowal, Botighamori, Kaniajan and Hokonamukh under Kamalabari gaon panchyat have been completely eroded and more than 30 other villages under Kamalabari and Dakhinpaat gaon panchyats are fast vanishing.The erosion is also threatening satras (vaishnavite ashrams) like Adi Bihimpur, Bhogpur and Bengenaati in Kamalabari area. \"So we have organized a day-long prayer to the Brahmaputra today (Saturday),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16985447", "title": "Karthikeyan should be driving a Force India car: Ecclestone", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Bernie Ecclestone turned 82 on Saturday but the charismatic billionaire boss of Formula One Management (FOM) shows no signs of slowing down. The man's sense of humour, for one, certainly hasn't taken a beating. Just before sitting down for a chat, he issuing a warning to keep the hands off the fruit on the table: it's recession after all! Ecclestone admitted that he is in love with India, likening it to a \"girl you fall in love with but don't know why\". Excerpts...As compared to 2011, the ticket sales for this year's race have been fairly slow. Are you concerned by the drop in interest this time around?This happens everywhere around the world. In the first year a lot of people are interested and intrigued, in the second year there is a dip and then it picks up again. When you talk about some of the other circuits, England for example, Silverstone has massive crowds of 1,20,000 because British GP has been going on for 100 years. Crowds build up at a circuit when it hosts more and more races.Are you looking at another Grand Prix in this country? What future do you see for Indian GP beyond the first five years of the contract?India doesn't require another GP at the moment. Let's get this established first. We're definitely willing to extend the contract beyond five years. However, in saying that, if we haven't seen the kind of crowds we want by the fourth year, then we have to have a good look at it. It is a very expensive sport.You have been to India many times before and this is one of the rare races which sees your presence throughout the weekend. What is it that you like about India?I like it here in India, I am happy here. I don't exactly know what I like about India. I guess it's like a girl you fall in love with but you don't know why.Do you still think Narain Karthikeyan should be behind the wheel of a Sahara Force India car?It would be better to have a driver from the home country in a race. I think Narain should be driving a Force India but you have to talk to Vijay and see what he says. I believe if we saw Michael (Schumacher) in a Red Bull , he would have been a different Michael.Korean GP organizers renegotiated their deal with the FOM. Do you see a similar thing happening in India with the hosting fees, keeping in mind the current economic climate?We took the TV rights from Korean GP organizers this year, which they could not sell. For the Indian GP organizers, the hosting fees will only increase a little bit every year.You turn 82 today. What are your plans on your birthday?I plan to ignore my birthday. It happens every year but as you get older you want to forget it as soon as possible!Most of the motorsports and domestic racing in India takes place down south. Do you see any of those place becoming the next F1 destination?We had, in fact, considered Bangalore the first time before settling for Delhi. Let's get this getting working properly first and then we'll have a look.Asia is currently at par with Europe when it comes to number of F1 races in the world. Was it a conscious effort to look at Asia as an F1 destination?I was the one who decided to move to this part of the world a long time ago, and China specifically. It is a lovely place to visit. There is a crazy system in Europe, which is slowly but surely destroying Europe. My point was to head East.Do you think that Ferrari is making a political statement here in India by supporting their naval officers?The Italian Navy have been supporters of Ferrari for a long time. I don't think their intention is to cause trouble. I don't think it will tarnish the image of F1. It is about supporting someone who has supported you in the past.Some of the independent teams are not happy with the engine regulations that will kick in from 2014. Are you looking at a budget cap for all teams from possibly 2014?We are definitely looking at a budget cap. We are trying to work out a regulation to work to ensure cars can't spend more than a certain amount. The cap will include everything, even driver retainers. But at the moment it's my idea. Only about 50% of the people support me on this. Teams with smaller budgets will like to see those regulations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16987698", "title": "Green fuel use: UCTSL operating in the red?", "text": "UJJAIN: While public transport vehicles are taking the green route in most of the developing cities, Ujjain City Transport services Limited (UCTSL) is planning to purchase 50 diesel buses instead of CNG ones, citing cost equation and lack of availability. The Ujjain Municipal Corporation (UMC) controlled UCTSL was constituted with the aim to provide citizens a comfortable and pollution free means of city transport.With this motive, 39 CNG-run buses were procured under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) funding. A CNG dispenser, exclusively for UCTSL buses, was installed at its depot by the Avantika Gas Limited (AGL) as well. However, to everyone's shock, the UMC recently initiated process to purchase 50 more buses of diesel variant with the JNNURM funds. The new buses estimated at Rs 7.5 crore cost would ply on new routes, besides the heavy traffic routes. It is proposed to ply to different tehsils in the district as well. \"Plying buses on CNG is a deal of loss. Shortage of CNG and lack of maintenance is creating problems for us. As many as 14 CNG-run buses are off-road for want of repair of lack of fuel supply,\" said UMC commissioner N S Parmar, adding that they were compelled to chose the 'not so environment friendly' route while ordering for new buses.However, when contacted, AGL MD Pradeep Madan told TOI that UCTSL was given 100 pc supply against the demand. Delay in setting up of mother station at Ujjain was an issue but I don't remember authorities ever complaining, \"he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16986627", "title": "China begins probe into Bo offences", "text": "BEIJING: China on Saturday launched a criminal investigation into disgraced Communist Party leader Bo Xilai's alleged offences, a day after he was stripped of his legal immunity and expelled from the country's parliament.The probe which comes ahead of the November 8 Communist Party Congress to decide the once in a decade leadership change is expected to be completed well before that. He faces charges of corruption, moral turpitude and attempts to protect his wife Gu Kailai from investigations into the murder of British Businessman Neil Heywood last year, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986123", "title": "Ahmedabad accounts for 65% of dengue cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The irritating mosquito buzzing next to your ear is the one to be worried about these days. On Friday alone, 18 confirmed cases of dengue were reported in a few of the city hospitals. The city has registered 540 clinical dengue cases beginning this year, while the national vector borne disease control programme (NVBDCP) has reported a total of 831 cases from Gujarat by September 26.By this standard, Ahmedabad accounts for nearly 65 per cent of the total dengue cases in the state this year. While health officials say that the dengue cases may go down by November end, the unusual temperatures according to senior epidemiologists may help breed more Aedis Egypti mosquitoes, the ones responsible for the dengue transmission.On Thursday, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) recorded 18 cases in a single day while malaria cases were 12 and falciparum cases were seven. These dengue cases were reported from a handful of hospitals in the city that report daily to AMC as part of the disease surveillance activities-the actual numbers may be more, according to senior AMC health officials.\"We have intensified our awareness drives regarding dengue and other mosquito diseases in highly populated areas. What people still lack is a clear understanding of the disease and the timely intervention to prevent any further deterioration in the health condition of the individual,\" adds a senior health official in AMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16986991", "title": "The smart way to kids\u2019 stomach", "text": "It has been the mothers' secret art to overcome the disinterest of children in most nutritious vegetables and fruits and feed them the necessary vitamins and minerals by camouflaging these. The new age mothers too, believe that it does not need to be a struggle or a battle of wills, where in they enforce the kids to eat something. They replace resistance with enthusiasm \u2014 with an extra dash of seasoning.TOI takes sneak peak into the kitchens of some mothers to figure out their secret recipe.Understanding children's taste buds is the key to their stomach, feel many new-age mothers in the city.\"It is very important to understand your child's taste. While many kids love spicy food, others like to keep their diet simple, but not bland. For instance those who love sauces can be easily fed a variety of vegetables,\" says Kurusha Walia, mother of a five-year-old daughter and eight-year-old son residing in Sector 35.Inspiration and generating curiosity is the way and not imposing authority, say a set of mothers. They believe it is easier to feed nutritious food to children when they are excited about doing something, rather when they're threatened, cajoled or bribed.The tricky bit, though, is finding a way of getting them genuinely excited about something they are currently resisting.Honey Dhir suggests \"vegetable art\", adding, \"Children have an almost irresistible urge to use, eat or drink anything they have enjoyed making themselves.\" An interior decorator and mother of a toddler, she makes sure to involve her daughter in the vegetable making exercise.\"Vegetable art is a big hit with children and it makes mom's task easier of feeding a healthy diet. My daughter loves to carve out shapes and figurines out of fruits, vegetables and eats them without any protest. This also helps channelize her energy,\" she says. Dhir has posted photographs of her vegetable art on Facebook to help other mothers facing similar problem.For Madhumita Das, feeding \"roti-sabzi\" to her six-year-old twin daughters had been tiresome, until she devised what she calls \"smart disguise\". \"It's always a struggle to get them to eat fruits and vegetables. So I've found a creative way to deal with this. I chop the vegetables into small pieces, boil them and mix in the flour while making a dough,\" says Das. This doesn't let them know they are eating vegetables and they enjoy the taste as well, she adds.She adds, \"Mothers can include vegetables like spinach, beans, capsicum, cabbage, mint and pulses to make healthy \"paranthas\" for kids.Manimajra resident Rekha Puri experiments with breads while feeding her eight-year-old son. \"Children get bored easily and hence, you can't make them eat chapatti-curry and 'paranthas' every day,\" she says, adding, \"So, I cut sandwiches in different designs and dress them up with tomato ketchup and mustard, after filling it vegetables mixed in fresh cream. I ask my son to make his favourite cartoon character on the sandwich andhe gets all excited to eat it.\"Navdeep Kaur suggests some more creative methods to lure kids with presentation of the food.\"A simple example would be while serving rice, place the rice in different designs, like make a Mickey-face and fill curd in one ear, vegetable in the other and 'dal' in the face,\" says the mother of an 11-year-old son. Dieticians say children should be encouraged to eat healthy at a young age as it helps develop healthy eating patterns. Their meals should include proteins as they are low on calories and high on vitamins, and minerals and calcium rich diets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pauktaw", "code": "16987894", "title": "Fleeing Muslims seek shelter after unrest in Myanmar", "text": "PAUKTAW: Boatloads of Muslims struggled to reach refugee camps and sought safety on islands and in coastal villages on Saturday as Myanmar tried to put out the fires of a week of sectarian unrest that has shaken its fragile democratic transition.Dozens of rickety wooden vessels packed with the stateless Rohingya Muslims who fled clashes with Buddhists in western Rakhine state had reached land by Saturday after two days at sea, but nine boats were still unaccounted for, according to several Rohingya refugee sources reached by telephone.New York-based Human Rights Watch called on Myanmar's reformist government to protect Muslims from \"vicious\" attacks, and released satellite images of the \"near total destruction\" of a once-thriving coastal community reduced to ashes around Kyaukpyu, an industrial zone important to Chinese energy interests. The United Nations has warned that Myanmar's fledgling democracy could be \"irreparably damaged\" by a week of communal violence which has come five months after machete and arson attacks killed more than 80 people and displaced at least 75,000 in the same region.No new clashes were reported on Saturday, a day after the home minister said the government was prepared to declare martial law and emergency rule in the region if violence escalated. A committee of lawmakers led by Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi called on Friday for security reinforcements and swift legal action against those behind fighting in which at least 67 people were killed.The chaos suggests the quasi-civilian government is struggling to contain historic ethnic and religious tensions between Rohingyas and ethnic Rakhines that were suppressed during five decades of military rule that ended last year.Few Rohingyas were able to reach overstretched refugee camps, and some said boats were turned back by security forces when they tried to join other Rohingyas, said by a government official to be receiving food and water in the relative safety of the state capital Sittwe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985809", "title": "University Grants Commission will link funding, rating of universities to reforms", "text": "PUNE: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has proposed to link the implementation of its academic and administrative (A&A;) reforms plan with the accreditation and funding of universities during the XII Five Year Plan from 2012 to 2017.\"These reforms are necessary for promotion of quality education and implementation of the same will be a part of the commission's action plan for the year 2012-13,\" UGC joint secretary K P Singh has said in a letter to the vice-chancellors (VCs) of all universities recently. The commission has sought a status report on the progress made so far on the reforms front from all the universities by November 30.The A&A; reforms, first mooted in January 2008 as part of the UGC's XI Five Year Plan (2007-2012), are focused on five key changes - introduction of the semester system, choice-based credit system, curriculum development, admission procedures and examination reforms.The University of Pune (UoP), which has consistently ranked among the country's top five state universities with the highest 'A' grade re-accreditation, has so far made a partial progress on all these five parameters. However, academic experts point out that the university has bigger challenges to surmount in terms of reforms at the postgraduate (PG) and undergraduate (UG) affiliated colleges operating out of the UoP campus.\"Implementing an end-to-end automation of the examination processes and training teachers to ensure that they are in tune with the requirements of the curriculum suited for the credit system are the two biggest challenges before us,\" UoP VC Wasudev Gade told TOI on Wednesday.He said, \"The number of qualified and experienced teachers, working with the university, is gradually on a decline. Training and motivating young teachers and encouraging them to go for research is a major challenge since it is directly associated with the quality of teaching.\"Gade, however, pointed out that the university has already implemented some of the reforms proposed by the UGC and is in the process of implementing the remaining ones. For instance, the credit system is already in operation at all the on-campus PG departments, he said. \"We have decided to introduce the credit system at all affiliated PG institutions outside the UoP campus from academic year 2013-14. The boards of studies are working on this and have been told to present their theme papers,\" he added.A five-member committee of VCs, appointed by the state government, is also finalising a report on the credit system at state universities. Gade, who is part of this committee, said, \"The report is in its final stages. Apart from the state committee, the UoP has appointed a multi-member expert panel of its own under senior senate member Nandakumar Nikam, to work out the structure for implementation of the credit system across all PG and UG institutions in a phased manner.\"\"The project for automation of examination processes at UoP is intended to be completed in a year's time,\" he said, adding, \"The whole idea is to ensure minimum human intervention across the pre-examination, examination and post-examination works.\"Gade said, \"We are in the process of upgrading our curriculum for all PG and UG courses to make them in tune with the requirements of the choice-based credit system. Teachers' training is a major issue here considering that the success of the credit system largely depends on the availability of the right kind of teachers, who are able to provide a curriculum suited to the choice made by a student. Under the credit system, teachers will have a huge freedom for assessment of students by way of continuous evaluation and flexible testing pattern. This makes the role of teachers more crucial.\"Referring to admissions, Gade said the university has moved to online admissions for all on campus PG departments, while it has left it to the individual colleges to follow their own processes for admissions to the first-year of UG courses.Meanwhile, Nikam, who is part of the UoP's various reforms committees, said that addressing the issue of teacher-student ratio will be critical to the success of reforms like the credit system at the UG and PG levels of studies. \"The ratio is better when it comes to science, but in arts and commerce the average classroom strength is of 120 students to one teacher,\" he said. \"Most PG institutions do not have independent PG level teachers as they tend to utilise services of their UG teachers for PG teaching, which increases the workload and affects quality of teaching.\"\"The UoP has introduced the semester system at the PG level but the same operates in parts at the UG level. For instance, an annual exam system applies to the first-year science degree course and the ensuing two years have a semester system. Arts and commerce degree courses follow the annual pattern where the assessment ratio is 80:20 for external and internal unlike in the credit system where the assessment ratio is 50:50,\" he said.Nikam said, \"The success of the credit system at all universities in the state is largely dependent on the need of bringing the core subjects at par, i.e. the course content has to be uniform. As of now, there is no consensus among the universities on this front.\"He said, \"The appointment of college examination officers and their ongoing training, which will be followed by the training of examination clerks at colleges, will go a long way in addressing the issues arising out of the examination automation project.\"The UoP authorities sounded fairly confident about implementing the UGC's reforms in the truest sense over the next two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985518", "title": "One killed, two injured as lorry falls off bridge", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons, including a seven-year-old boy, died in separate road accidents in the city on Saturday.In the first incident, a speeding truck heading towards the city fell off a bridge on the NH-9 at Kothaguda village near Hayatnagar at 1 am on Saturday. The 32-year-old truck driver Y Yadaiah of Nalgonda died on the spot, while two of his friends, Y Swamy and Y Damodar, travelling in the truck, suffered critical injuries.Police said the injured were shifted to a nearby hospital.In another incident, a seven-year-old boy, Lokesh Reddy of Arkulguda village near Medchal, died when he came under the rear wheels of an RTC bus on Saturday morning. A bus going to Secunderabad from Puduru village hit Lokesh's cycle . Around 3 pm, Samuel, 43, a private employee from Mysireddypally in Medchal, died when an unidentified vehicle coming in the opposite direction rammed into his bike at Goudavelli village in Medchal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16982944", "title": "Nokia out of top 5 globally, tops in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finnish mobile handset manufacturer Nokia, which is facing a major crisis in global sales, still tops the list of mobile handset market in India even as it has been displaced from the fifth spot in global sales by the beleaguered BlackBerry maker Research in Motion (RIM).According to a report by Cybermedia, Nokia had 22.2 per cent share of the Indian handset market in terms of total unit shipments in the first half of 2012, followed by Samsung with 13 per cent and Micromax in the third spot with 5.5 per cent share.India's total mobile handset shipments topped 102.43 million units, of which 5.50 million were smartphones, as per the report. Samsung topped the list of smartphone shipments, followed by Nokia and RIM.The report also revealed that Android (with 56.4% market share) was the leading operating system (OS) in India, followed by Symbian (17.4% share), BlackBerry (12.1% share), Bada (8.5% share), iOS (3.0% share) and Windows Mobile (2.6% share) on a base of 5.50 million units, during the same period.India is one of the few markets where Nokia still has a hold. As per an IDC report, the Finnish company has now dropped off the Top 5 list of smartphone vendors, which is led by Samsung and Apple at number 1 and 2 positions. Nokia was replaced by RIM at fifth position whose shipment volumes appear to have flattened though the company posted the second-highest year-over-year decline among any the leading vendors.According to Kevin Restivo, senior research analyst with IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, Nokia's share losses and the company's transition away from Symbian to Windows Phone has left ample opportunity for rivals to steal share away from Nokia over the past 18 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986903", "title": "Cops turn directors", "text": "BANGALORE: Now before you begin watching your favourite stars in a movie theatre, catch some one minute short documentaries on safe driving. Going a step ahead to create awareness on safe driving, traffic police have made 55-second documentaries by segregating video footages of various road accidents, taken with the help of CCTVs installed at traffic junctions across the city.The clippings will be distributed across all movie theaters in the city from December. The documentary will be aired either at the beginning of the movie or after the interval.Don't neglect rules\"Nearly 25 accident footages were selected for the purpose. These accidents could be avoided if the commuters had played safe. It clearly tells what will happen if one neglects traffic rules. Our aim is to create awareness\" said M Saleem, Additional commissioner of police-Traffic.Learn a lesson\"Seven out of 10 accidents in city happen due to rash, negligent and unscientific driving. Follow lane disciple, do not jump signals and do not over speed. Wear safety gears like helmet, seat belt\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16986018", "title": "Criminal shot in Ghaziabad, gang role suspected", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 24-year-old history-sheeter was shot dead at point-blank range at his residence in the early hours of Saturday morning. The man, Anil Tomar, had been involved in numerous cases of theft and robbery. Cops suspect that members of Tomar's own gang killed him.Tomar was alone at his Loni residence at the time of the attack, which took place around 3am. \"He had been arrested a number of times for crimes like theft and robbery. He is very active in the criminal community in Ghaziabad and was a prime suspect in a string of crimes in the district,\" said a cop.Suspecting that the assailants were known to Tomar, police sources believe they were members of his own gang. Tomar had been a part of a tussle for supremacy. \"Tomar and his associates were fighting for the top spot in the gang. This tension had led to smaller brawls in the past but this time the violence seems to have escalated,\" said the officer. No arrests have been made so far, said Jagdish Kumar, SP rural, Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16992571", "title": "Only 4.6 % of officers spending less than 4.6% of their time on RTI: Shailesh Gandhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former Central Information Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi does not agree with the recent Supreme Court judgment making it necessary for Chief Information Commissioners to have a judicial background and to conduct all hearings in benches consisting of two Commissioners one of whom will have to be a person from judicial background.Addressing a meeting of RTI activists organized by Campaign for Right to Information, UP, and Lok Soochnadhikar Manch, Gandhi put up a spirited argument why a person of judicial background was not necessary for the Information Commission. \"The task merely involved either taking a decision of either allowing information to be given or not. Some judicial thinking may be required to consider the cases of exemption from the Act. But such cases are rare. In the 20,000 cases that he disposed of, only two required some legal interpretation.Gandhi questioned when IAS officers, without any legal background can perform quasi-judicial role, why can't the Information Commissioners? He said that it was wrong for the Supreme Court to say that 75% of officers were now spending 75% of their time in providing information. According to his calculations 4.6 % of officers were spending less than 4.6% of their time on RTI. He said that the same Supreme Court was in favour of the right to information before the Act was made but the recent judgment will weaken the law.Gandhi said that in his view some members of judiciary does not want RTI to apply on judiciary. He gave an example of a Sureme Court Judge who was found under RTI to have travelled to Australia via Chicago. \"It is probably such things which a few judges are finding 'vexatious' and which the prime minister thinks is 'private information',\" he said.Justice (retired) Pradeep Kant of the High Court advised caution. He said whereas he was definitely not in favour of anything which would weaken the Act or would protect the wrongdoers he would like decisions to be taken only within the framework of law.Former legal advisor to governor, Chandra Bhushan Pandey said only people with an activist bent of mind should be appointed Information Commissioners and further commented that people were being made Information Commissioners not on the basis of their merit but because of political connections.Former State Information Commissioner Gyanendra Sharma and activist Naveen Tewari also spoke at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986581", "title": "Amit to showcase Bengal in London", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is making all efforts to hardsell Bengal. Come November 6 and state finance minister Amit Mitra will be off to London to attend the investors' round table summit to showcase the business and tourism prospects of Bengal. The minister will be accompanied by industrialists.State tourism secretary Vikram Sen said the round table meet was being organized by the UK-India Business Council. \"Not only business, other prospects of the state like tourism, infrastructure and IT will be showcased in the meet,\" he said.The tourism department has in fact started preparing a number of tourism packages to attract visitors. One of the packages will centre round river Ganga. Under this, guest houses will be built at Gangasagar and initiatives will also be taken to promote river tourism from Burdwan, Bishnupur, Bankura and Purulia. A map is being prepared to this effect which will throw light on how Ganga can be used to develop tourism, said a tourism department official.Besides, the authorities are also working on introducing single-window clearance for tourism, in coordination with the forest and municipal affairs departments, to deal with complaints against unregistered hotels. A 200 -room five-star hotel is set to come up in Darjeeling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986794", "title": "Senior Janata Dal (United) MLA Ram Sewak Hazari passes away", "text": "PATNA: Well-known socialist leader and six-term member of Bihar assembly, Ram Sewak Hazari, 75, died due to heart failure at a New Delhi hospital on Saturday. The end came at 1.30am.The ruling JD-U's sitting MLA from Kalyanpur in Samastipur district, Hazari had also won the Lok Sabha election from Rosera (SC) seat in 1977. He is survived by wife Subarni Devi, four sons and four daughters.His second son, Maheshwar Hazari, is currently JD-U MP from Samastipur parliamentary seat, while one of his daughters-in-law, Manju Hazari, wife of first son Kameshwar, is a BJP MLA from Rosera assembly constituency. Ram Sewak's brother Sashi Bhushan Hazari is a BJP MLA from Kusheshwarsthan seat in Darbhanga district.Hazari was a close associate of veteran socialist leader and ex-Bihar CM Karpoori Thakur. He was elected to the state assembly six times from different constituencies in Samastipur district.Chief minister Nitish Kumar condoled the death of Hazari and announced that the departed leader would be given a state funeral. He talked to his MP son, Maheshwar, over phone and expressed his grief. \"Hazari was not only a noted politician but also a leading socialist leader. He remained attached with the socialist movement throughout his life. His death has caused an irreparable loss to socialist movement,\" the CM said in his condolence message.Hazari's body was brought to the premises of the state assembly on Saturday afternoon where CM Nitish Kumar, Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary and several ministers and legislators paid floral tributes. The cremation will take place at Hazari's native Mujari village under the Warisnagar block in Samastipur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16985507", "title": "Teen couple goes missing", "text": "A teen couple from an upper-middle class area of Gittikhadan has gone missing since four days. The two are Std IX students of the same school and stay in the same locality. According to the police, the 15-year-old boy and girl had eloped from their homes on Wednesday evening. The two had left their respective homes for tuition classes but did not return home.The teens' families are trying to contact them but their mobile phones are not reachable. Police said that as per the families statement, the teenagers were romantically involved. When the girl's parents learnt about the relationship, they restricted her from meeting the boy. This might have prompted the teens to take the drastic decision.Gittikhadan police, who are flummoxed by the case of teen love, are repeatedly trying to contact their cell phones to get their location. Police are questioning their classmates as well as tuition mates. The parents lodged the missing complaints on Wednesday. Four days has been passed, still no clue was found by police.Cops have searched nearby bus stops and railways stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985278", "title": "Loyalty, seniority passed over in Andhra's jumbo representation in reshuffle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two Congress MPs lashed out at party leadership and host of others conveyed displeasure over the choice of members for the Union ministry, spoiling the message that party leadership hoped to send across by ramping up Andhra's representation in Team Manmohan to 11.K S Rao, MP from Eluru, and Harsha Kumar, a Dalit MP from coastal Andhra, slammed the leadership for being shortsighted in not rewarding loyalty and seniority. Other Lok Sabha members were said to be sulking over preference given to junior MPs.Rao, who is a Kamma leader, sent his resignation letter to Speaker of Lok Sabha and party chief Sonia Gandhi, angry that he had been repeatedly ignored despite staying with the Gandhi family through thick and thin.Amalapuram MP and young Dalit leader Harsha Kumar said, \"I am a loyal partyman and would continue to abide by leadership's directions but the high command has picked outsiders for ministerial positions and does not seem to understand the ground reality of states.\"The show of anger followed reports that Congress had picked a record number of MPs for reshuffle. The new entrants \u2014 Chiranjeevi, Sarve Satyanarayana, Killi Kruparani, Balram Naik and Suryaprakash Reddy - would take Andhra's share in the Union ministry to 11 with Jaipal Reddy , Kishore Chandra Deo , D Purandeswari, Panabaka Lakshmi, Pallam Raju and Jairam Ramesh already entrenched.The mega share seems designed to help the state unit to reignite appeal with key social groups to counter the challenge posed by breakaway YSR Congress. The party is worried about its fortunes in the state which helped it form the government in 2009 by giving 33 of 42 LS seats.D Purandeswari kicked off confusion when conveyed on TV that she had been elevated to Cabinet rank with plum commerce ministry. The daughter of late N T Rama Rao said, \"I would like to thank PM Manmohan Singh , Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi for giving me this opportunity. It's an honor as well as a huge task. I hope I will be able to give my best.\"It appeared a communication gap with sources saying she would stay MoS with a lateral shift from HRD to commerce ministry.Her overjoyed face on TV appeared to have provoked five-term MP Rao who thought he had lost out again to a Kamma rival. In 2004, it was Renuka Choudhury's nomination to the Union ministry which undercut his claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986298", "title": "In pink of health, but planning their final journey", "text": "CHENNAI: Businessman Karamjeet Singh prides himself on being a very practical man. He has taken informed decisions all his life and plans to do so even when he bids adieu to this world.\"When a baby is born, people plan for everything that may or may not happen, whether it is college education, marriage or life post retirement,\" says the 49-year-old. \"So why not plan for the only certainty in life \u2014 death?\" So, a few years ago, Singh got in touch with Vincent Parker, funeral directors, and made arrangements for his own death ceremonies.\"I don't believe in ritualistic stuff and I want to be cremated, so I want them to come and take care of all the funeral proceedings, obtain a death certificate and hand it over to my wife,\" says Singh.Funeral homes in the city are getting requests from people like Singh, who want to book their services even while they are in the pink of health. For most, it is the most practical step to take.\"We have got three or four bookings made by people aged 55 to 60,\" says a partner at J Fenn &amp; Co, undertakers and sculptors. \"Most of them live on their own and want to make sure their funeral rites are taken care of.\"While some of them have no children, others take the step as their children live abroad. \"We have about six clients,\" says Simpson Kumar, one of the partners at Vincent Parker. \"Some people are concerned that their children will not be close by when they die.\" In that case, a local contact, usually a friend or neighbour, would get in touch with the funeral home. \"We will transport the body and keep it in our funeral parlour till the children arrive and also get a death certificate,\" he says. \"In some cases, NRIs contact us and make bookings for their parents.\"However, even people who have children living near them are now opting to make such arrangements. \"My family was facing a financial crisis when my father died and even when my grandmother died later on,\" says 72-year-old A S Benedict Soundaraj. It made a deep impression on him, so more than a decade ago, he made funeral arrangements for himself and his wife. \"I have three daughters, two of whom live in Chennai but I don't want to burden them with additional work on a day when they will be already sad,\" he says. \"And I made arrangements for my wife also. We have been married for 42 years and, if I kick the bucket early, I don't want her to have an iota of trouble.\"Like him, most others see it as a final, loving gesture towards loved ones. \"If anything happens to me, my wife will be grief-stricken and I don't want her to be troubled with other things while she is trying to cope,\" says Singh.Usually, families understand and are supportive. \"My children are aware of it and are not upset because we are all rationalists,\" says Soundaraj.Not all funeral directors or undertakers are keen to take on more advance bookings. \"Since people make their bookings well ahead, the cost involved is likely to rise over the years,\" says a partner at J Fenn &amp; Co.However, people have come up with their own solutions. While Singh has set apart an amount of money to be spent on his funeral, Soundaraj has already made out a cheque to the funeral home. \"Some people create fixed deposits in the name of the company,\" says Kumar. \"They keep renewing it over the years so that it will take care of the expenses when the time comes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16988591", "title": "No home production for Alia Bhatt", "text": "Student Of The Year debutante Alia Bhatt's sister Pooja Bhatt is keen on casting Alia in her next film Mr Love based on the infamous Nanavati murder case that shook Mumbai's beau monde way back in 1959.However with Randeep Hooda stepping into the male lead in Mr Love , Alia is no longer eligible for this role.She is too young to co-star with Randeep. Pooja Bhatt who will produce Mr Love is keen to cast the newest kid on the block. However Alia doesn't fit in to the film, specially now when Randeep Hooda(Pooja Bhatt's favourite leading man) has just been signed to play the male lead of the man whom the married woman conspires with to kill her husband.Says Pooja, \"Yes, Randeep Hooda plays Prem Ahuja the businessman whom Kawas Maneckshaw Nanavati killed.I'd love to cast Alia in Mr Love. But she's way too young. We need a woman for that role. And that too a woman of British descent.So we're looking at casting a major talent from outside India in that role. Sadly I am making four films in 2013. All of them require older girls than Alia.\"Anvita Dutt who wrote those flamboyant fiascos Kambhakt Ishq, Aladdin and Tees Maar Khan is writing Mr Love.Pooja is still sold on casting Alia . \"I really want to remake Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahin with Alia.But I wonder if the original can be bettered!\" However Alia's father Mahesh Bhatt is dead-set against casting his youngest daughter. Mahesh puts it succinctly when he says, \"The narrative of Alia Bhatt will be authored by Alia Bhatt and not Mahesh Bhatt.We don't have plans to queue up outside Alia's door to sign her for any of our future projects. If we feel we have a role for her which meets her needs we'll approach her.And she'll have the prerogative to accept or reject the role.\" Mahesh is cautious in his appreciation of Alia in her debut. \"I am proud of her because she has achieved this on her own. She never asked me for any help. I too stayed out of her way because I knew she was in safe hands. We cripple our kids by being over-protective.I am happy she has been appreciated in Student Of The Year. But she has miles to go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16992031", "title": "Ingram leads South Africa to Hong Kong Sixes title", "text": "MUMBAI: South Africa won the Hong Kong Sixes tournament for the second time in four years when they beat defending champions Pakistan by a convincing 37-runs margin in the final on Sunday.In addition to the prestigious trophy the tournament carries prize money of $40 000 (R350 000) for the winners.Colin Ingram, the captain of the South African team, was named Man of the Final for his performance in scoring 34 runs off 6 balls (5 sixes and a four) before he had to retire in terms of the tournament rules and then taking 3/28 in his eight-ball over.South Africa batted first and piled up 142/2 off 40 balls (five eight-ball overs) with four of the batsmen retiring not out and then dismissed Pakistan for 105 with six balls left unused.\"Full marks to coach Vinnie Barnes, captain Colin Ingram and the rest of the players for an excellent achievement that saw them win all their matches on the final day including beating Pakistan twice,\" said Cricket South Africa (CSA) Acting CEO Jacques Faul.\"This tournament grows in prestige all the time and Asia is a very important area in which to grow the Protea brand. It fully justifies our decision to send the strongest possible team to Hong Kong and I would like to thank our franchises for their support in this regard.\"The Pakistan team that we played in the final included experienced internationals in Kamran and Umar Akmal as well as Junaid Khan,\" he added.\"It was really pleasing to see our boys play the final so well and they were in command throughout,\" Faul said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991762", "title": "Justin Timberlake oversaw all details of his wedding to Jessica Biel", "text": "Justin Timberlake personally supervised all details of his wedding to Jessica Biel with the help of his mother Lynn Harless , it has been revealed.According to a source, the 31-year-old singer took charge of all the preparations for the big day in Italy.It is said that he even picked out all the flowers and food with his mother's aide in order to make Jessica's big day perfect.\"Justin obsessed over the details even more than the bride-to-be. He and his mother oversaw the flowers, the food, the cake,\" Contactmusic quoted the source as telling Life and Style magazine.\"[Justin and Jessica] arranged for a chapel to be specially built in the Borgo Egnazia resort,\" the source added.The source also revealed that the 'Sexy Back' singer wanted everything in the wedding to be perfect for his girlfriend of 5 years, whom he believes to be the one for him.\"Justin proposed to Jessica because he really loves her and knows that she is the best woman he's ever going to get,\" the insider revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986772", "title": "Nitish Kumar attributes Bihar's growth to social harmony", "text": "PATNA: Greeting people on the occasion of Eid-ul-Zoha ( Bakrid), CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday said Bihar, in recent years, has registered tremendous growth mainly because of social harmony in the state.Terming Eid-ul-Zoha as the festival of 'qurbani' (sacrifice),' Nitish called upon the people to maintain peace and promote brotherhood, trust and harmony. He said all these would contribute in taking Bihar to the front row of developed states.The CM visited the house of his cabinet colleague and social welfare minister Parveen Amanullah to greet her and other members of her family on the occasion. He also enjoyed 'sewai' and extended greetings to Parveen's husband and senior IAS officer Afzal Amanullah and her brother-in-law, Justice Ahsanuddin Amanullah of Patna high court.Nitish also visited the house of Dr Gyasuddin Rayee at Ashiana Mor to greet him on the occasion. Dr Gyasuddin welcomed the CM by offering him a traditional cap. Water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary and Bihar State Minority Commission chairman Naushad Ahmad accompanied the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16986928", "title": "Will city miss heritage bus yet again?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Is Chandigarh set to miss the heritage bus yet again? The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has decided to send heritage structures of Qutub Shahi dynasty as the official entry to Unesco in the monuments category.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of a seminar on Harappan Civilization on Saturday, director-general of ASI Gautam Sengupta, said since only one entry can be sent, the ASI will showcase monuments of Hyderabad this time. ASI is the nodal agency for selecting and forwarding Indian nominations to Unesco.Sources in ASI said entries like that of Chandigarh may have to wait along with nominations from scores of other cities. \"It is a long-drawn process and the dossier may need to be reworked to make a strong case,\" said an ASI official. Back home, UT plans to broaden the scope of its nomination after a decision was taken in 2009 to limit to buildings alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992061", "title": "A R Rahman visits Ajmer dargah", "text": "It's hardly been three months since the last time AR Rahman visited the Ajmer Dargah. A frequent visitor to Khwaja Saheb's dargah, Rahman went to the holy shrine recently to offer prayers. He asked his khadim to arrange for his ziyarat. \"I got a call on Thursday morning saying that he wants to pay obeisance to Khwaja Saheb. He stayed here for more than two hours. He loves spending time here \u2014 sitting at the dargah, praying and listening to Sufi qawwali,\" said his khadim, Haji Syed Musheer Hussain.After the prayers, Rahman sat in Aastan-e-Sharif. Unlike other celebrities, he did not rush and sat there for more than two hours unperturbed by the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986491", "title": "Banners, flexes, billboards make the city cluttered, four days after Dashami", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had lost around Rs 1.5 crore as advertisement tax after the chief minister instructed the mayor not to charge the advertisers during the Puja days. And now, the civic body is struggling with the mess that resulted from the publicity overdrive of the advertisers.Three days have passed since Durga Puja got over, but the organizers have shown little initiative to clear the banners, festoons, flexes, billboards and makeshift gates that they erected on a temporary basis. Senior officials of the KMC parks department on Saturday said they had issued necessary instructions to puja organizers to dismantle banners, hoardings and gates once the idol is immersed. But visits to several big-budget pandals on Friday and Saturday revealed that the organizers have not taken the KMC missive seriously.Chittaranjan Avenue, College Street, Bowbazar, S N Banerjee Road, Bhowanipore, Rashbehari Avenue, Gariahat Road, Raja Subodh Mullick Road and Diamond Harbour Road were cluttered with banners and billboards even on Saturday. \"We have asked police stations across the city to monitor the situation. Another team from the KMC's advertisement department will also supervise dismantling of the banners,\" said Debasish Chakraborty, KMC special officer-on-duty (parks).However, some KMC advertisement department officials were not interested in engaging themselves in the monitoring process since the civic top brass had given clear instructions not to collect revenue from the display of advertisement during Durga Puja. \"The organizers are supposed to dismantle the banners, hoardings and flexes. We have given clear instruction to them that the banners should be brought down immediately after the immersion,\" said a KMC official.Some officials in the KMC advertisement department felt that advertisers would take longer to dismantle banners this year since the civic body had exempted them from paying advertisement tax on instructions from chief minister Mamata Banerjee. The decision has cost the exchequer close to Rs 1.5 crore. A random check with billboard agencies revealed that advertisers normally pay 25% advertisement tax to the KMC for every wayside banner. But now, they put up these banners free of cost.The KMC advertisement department had invited a tender in September for collecting revenue from these advertisers during Durga Puja. Based on the tender, a city-based firm was chosen to collect advertisement fees from organizers. However, the KMC top brass cancelled the tender without citing any reason.Taken aback by the whims of politicians, KMC officials wonder whether the mayor can bend rules mentioned in the KMC Act. But more important than the legality is the loss of revenue that the civic body has suffered. The KMC had suffered huge losses when all KMC-sanctioned billboards had to be pulled down from the central business district because the CM wanted it that way. Civic officials had to abide by the CM's instruction even after the billboard agencies had paid them on an annual basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986539", "title": "Eid adds to festive mood in city", "text": "KOLKATA: The festive spirit of the city, that slumped by a few notches after the end of Durga Puja, got a shot in the arm on Saturday with people dressed in their best gathering at Red Road to celebrate Eid-al-Adha.The congregation - organized by the Khilafat Committee - saw footfalls of over 30,000 people. It was an amazing spectacle to find thousands praying together amid tight security in a true show of brotherhood. A sermon was also delivered by Imam-e-Eiden Quar Fazlur Rahman.Eid-al-Adha or the Feast of the Sacrifice is celebrated to commemorate Prophet Ibrahim's faith in God. He was so devout that he had at once agreed to sacrifice his son after being commanded by God. When Ibrahim was on the verge of sacrificing his son, God interceded by substituting the child with a ram.Thus to honour Prophet Ibrahim - whose story is there in The Bible - Muslims celebrate Eid-al-Adha through qurbani or slaughtering sheep, goats, camels or cows. Apart from personal consumption, the extra meat is distributed among relatives and poor people. It is out of the feeling to ensure that all Muslims can enjoy a meat-based meal during the day of the festival, said Aminul Akhtar, a pious Muslim who participated in the Red Road prayer.In the period around Eid-al-Adha, Many Muslims travel to Mecca and the surrounding area in Saudi Arabia to perform Haj, said another person Nazimul Haque. \"The celebration continues for three consecutive days. Since the first day is spent in cooking huge amounts of food, women cannot venture out of the house. So, the second and third days are kept reserved for outings,\" said Afreen Hossain, a senior journalist with the city's leading Urdu daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991060", "title": "Kardashians invited to work with Pit Bulls", "text": "A TV show host has issued an open invitation to the Kardashians to volunteer at her animal sanctuary, it has been revealed.'Pit Bulls and Parolees' host Tia Maria Torres believes that the famous reality TV family may be misinformed when it comes to acquiring a new family pet and if they had an opportunity to work first hand at her New Orleans sanctuary they would realize they don't have to buy puppies from upscale pet stores who support puppy mills.Kim Kardashian's latest acquisition, a Teacup Persian Kitten called 'Mercy,' forced the 52-year-old to spring to action and throw down the gauntlet.\"They just don't know better,\" RadarOnline quoted Torres as saying.\"I would love to invite the Kardashians to our rescue so I can teach them how they can help me spread the word about rescuing an animal, as opposed to supporting puppy mill puppies.\"There are many people who think the only way to get a nice dog or cat is through pet stores and breeders, but that's just not true.\"There is a rescue for every breed of dog and cat, including Persian cats and these are animals that have been discarded by their owners for various reasons.\"If we had a family of like the Kardashians involved they could spread the word that rescuing animals is so important,\" she said.On the show, the Kardashians would be expected to perform tasks that they wouldn't do in everyday life.\"The day begins at 8 a.m. when we feed over 200 dogs. Then we clean kennels, scrub water buckets and dog houses, do dog laundry and obviously have to take them on long walks,\" Torres said.\"We get thousands of e-mails a month from people looking to either adopt a dog or relinquish a dog and/or litters of puppies. We also get an average of 150 calls a day, so they would have their work cut out.\"Despite having our own reality TV show we don't make enough to make ends meet. Anything we make goes straight back into our non-profit in order to keep our doors open for the dogs and the parolees that work for us.\"So, this means that my kids also have to work extra jobs just to be able to pay their bills and they all work for me during the day,\" she said,Despite the heavy workload, Torres believes that the Kardashians would benefit from volunteering at her animal sanctuary.\"Hard work is a good thing. It makes for a strong body and an even stronger mind and you need both to survive in this tough world,\" Torres said.\"We would love to ask the Kardashian family to help us make more people aware of the pet over population problem.\"Though they come from the other side of the tracks, like them, we are both strong families that protect one another.\"We want nothing but the best for the future of our kids, so in that sense we're very much alike,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987012", "title": "Another green belt for Sector 10", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the coming six months, residents of Sector 10 will be able to avail the facility of new green belt in their area. The project is coming up along Vigyan Path and Udyan Path, where no such facility is available for the locals, especially for elders. The project is coming up at the cost of around Rs 40 lakh.The chief architect wing of the Chandigarh administration has recently given their approval to the project by supplying the drawings of the work to MC's engineering wing in the said area. The available chunk of land for the project is situated at the backside of residential area of Sector 10 A.According to the details provided by MC, the project will be constructed in over 600m of land and will have all facilities, complete with a walking track. The fencing of the green belt will be done with iron railings, and trees will also be planted along the fence by the horticulture wing of the MC.Rampal, sub-divisional engineer of the MC, said, \"We have received the drawings of the work and after completing the process, we will allot the work for the construction of the project.\" According to information, as the green belt is located in a posh area of the city, all the concerned senior officers of both UT and MC engineering wing have visited the site before finalizing the plan. According to official estimates, the construction of the green belt will take around two months to complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16985358", "title": "Theft at arms shop in Ujjain", "text": "UJJAIN: Unidentified thieves targeted an arms shop in Ujjain on Friday night and decamped with arms worth over rupees three lakhs.The theft took place at Jai Bharat Arms situated at Naisarak. Owner Jahid Bhai said that two 315 bore rifles, one 12 bore gun, one revolver and 400 live cartridges have been stolen.The thieves broke open locks of adjacent tyre shop and hammered the common wall to gain entry.CSP (Kotwali) Sanjay Sahu and FSL team are investigating. Sahu said that the culprits did not take away all rifles. The cops suspect that the culprits might be a gang of dacoits as thieves usually do not target arms shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986754", "title": "Two butchers arrested for stealing goats", "text": "CHENNAI: Two butchers were arrested on Friday in Tiruvallur for stealing goats, ahead of Bakrid.Police recovered 40 goats from I Jan Batcha, 40, and his brother I Usman, 34, at a market in Baluchetty Chathiram near Kancheepuram. The two had stolen the animals from a man named Krishnan of Manavala Nagar near Tiruvallur.On Thursday night, Krishnan found the goats missing from his shed and lodged a complaint with police. A case was registered and a team took Krishnan to the market at Baluchetty Chathiram.There they found Batcha and Usman selling the goats. The two were taken to the police station and interrogated. The brothers, who run a butcher shop in Baluchetty Chathiram, said this was the first time they had stolen goats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987398", "title": "Why India needs Kejriwal", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "16986071", "title": "14-yr-old accused of raping 5-year-old", "text": "SIRSA: Bringing more shame to Haryana, a 5-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a 14-year-old, in Dabwali, sub-division of Sirsa district on Saturday.Confirming this, Inspector Vikram Nehra and said, \"We are getting the medical examination of the girl conducted at the general hospital. We have received complaint from her grandmother and booked the boy.\"No arrests have been made so far. The complainant alleged that the boy who is their neighbour entered in the room, when the girl was alone at the house and raped the girl. \"Later, the girl narrated the incident to her grandmother, who then approached the police,\" said the inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16986862", "title": "MCH to buy surgical devices directly from manufacturers", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The hospital development committee of Kozhikode Medical College hospital is planning to procure surgical accessories and implants directly from the manufacturers.The move was taken to ensure that the patients undergoing surgeries at the hospital get quality surgical accessories at a cheaper price through the already existing fair price shop that expanded its functioning round-the-clock the other day.At present HDC is procuring the surgical items from the distributors of the surgical equipment and implants. From now onwards the HDC will also supply the surgical items for the neuro and thoracic operations through the fair shops. The patients will able to purchase the equipment at a price 5 to 8% less than the actual rate of the product, from the shop.\"We have already signed a memorandum of understanding with the distributors of the Jayon Surgicals and Pitkar for the supply of the surgical instruments and implants needed to perform the orthopaedic surgeries,\" said casualty deputy superintendent and in charge of the fair shop at the medical college, M K Raveendran. \"Many leading companies have expressed their willingness to supply the surgical instruments and implants after observing that almost all the patients are buying the equipment from the fair price shop,\" he said. \"We have asked them to submit their rate and negotiations have already been started in this regard,\" said Raveendran.\"We are planning to float tender to procure the surgical items directly from the manufacturers. This would further reduce the price of the items,\" he said.The profit from the sale of medicines and equipment through the fair price shop will be used for the development of the hospital. A unit of the shop supplying emergency instruments and implants has already started functioning at the medical college casualty to ensure availability the items to the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16986945", "title": "Coronavirus alert: Airport officials beef up surveillance", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Taking a serious view of the reporting of two cases of a Sars-like novel coronavirus infection in the Middle East, the Union health ministry has issued an advisory to enhance surveillance on incoming passengers from Saudi Arabia and Qatar.Health officials at Karipur airport said they would keep track of passengers who have respiratory illnesses that are different from the local flu. \"There won't be any special screening of passengers at the airport but we would keep track of those reporting symptoms of acute respiratory illness presenting with fever, cough and shortness of breath arriving from Saudi Arabia and Qatar,\" said Dr K V Hameed, medical officer, airport medical centre.The advisory issued by the Assistant Director General (International Health) of the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has asked airports to report patients with symptoms of acute respiratory illness as per the case definition provided by the WHO. \"The advisory has been made especially with respect to incoming Haj passengers from Saudi Arabia,\" the letter says.The advisory also provides the case definition, comprising clinical, epidemiological and laboratory information, for identifying cases that are listed under three categories \u2014 patient under investigation, probable case and confirmed case.The novel coronavirus, related to the Sars virus that claimed hundreds of lives in 2003, has claimed the life of a 60-year-old in Saudi Arabia and a Qatari man is currently under treatment in London after contracting the disease.Hameed said if a passenger falls under the 'patient under investigation' category, he/she would be subjected to X-ray and other examinations. \"The details of patients would be passed on to Union health authorities... As of now, there is no reason to be scared as just two cases have been reported and human-to-human transmission has not been found.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987194", "title": "Displacement struggle on cinema screen", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The cinema enthusiasts in the city have an address to go to this Sunday as 'Sunday with film-makers' will host the documentaries of activist film-maker Surya Shankar Dash at Lajpat Rai Bhawan in Sector 15.The Odisha-based filmmaker will screen his 12 documentaries at the monthly event.Dash, 33, says his films deal with the struggle of tribal people and villagers of Odisha as their fertile lands have been forcibly acquired by the government and sold to mining firms in the name of development and industrialization.He says some of his films like 'Real Face of Vedanta' and 'The Last Mango Season' rip apart the lies of the global mining giant, which has built an illegal factory in Kalahandi's Lanjigarh destroyed the habitat known for the mangoes produced there.Dash has been independently making these documentaries since 2005 using what he calls 'the guerrilla filmmaking' technique. \"I shoot my documentaries from cell phone, still camera, handycam and even a professional camera. The quality may suffer in this technique, but it is the content that matters the most, as these are real stories of the tragedy faced by certain Indians,\" he adds.The documentaries are anywhere between one minute to an hour long and are in either English, Oriya or the tribal language. Most of Dash's time is spent among the tribal populace in the jungles, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16986469", "title": "Bar brawl resumes with fresh ferocity", "text": "MARGAO: A fallout from a scuffle that took place between two groups at a bar near Holy Spirit Church, Margao, on Wednesday, led to the two groups clashing again at the junction on the road near Chowgule College, Gogol, at around 7.30 pm on Saturday. Only this time, six persons were injured, out of which one has been admitted to the Goa medical College (GMC), Bambolim. His condition is serious.It was post 12 am on Wednesday when, in what appeared to have been a drunken brawl, a scuffle ensued between two groups at the city's Nexy Bar leading to violence. Margao police on Wednesday evening registered an offence for assault and attempt to murder against three youth for assaulting Ibrahim Ismail Sajja, resident of Kharebhand, Margao. Sajja in his complaint to the Margao police had said that a group of three persons, Vijay Kulkar, Ajay Kulkar (brothers) and a person they knew as Maqsood, assaulted him and his companion, Javed Shaikh, with a danda, when they were in the bar.Then, as they rushed out of the premises, Sajja fell into a 35-feet deep well located nearby, after which he was rescued by personnel from the fire and emergency services. Sajja, who had fractured his right leg, was later admitted to Hospicio hospital and till before the Saturday night clash, the Margao police were still carrying out further investigations.On Saturday, Vijay, Ajay and their friend (who the Margao police named as Dilraj alias Rocky) were casually sitting at a junction near the main road after Chowgule college, Gogol.Sources said that the issue was still rife and that both the groups had been trying to find out the whereabouts of the other.Word got out to the other group that these three men were hanging out and around 7.30 pm, members from their group arrived at that junction on five bikes, armed with choppers and 'dandas. A bloody scuffle ensued, leaving six persons injured, and while both the Kulkar brothers and their friend Rocky were injured, three persons from the other group, Sunil Naik, Amit Naik and Razza Mohammed got injured and all six were rushed to Hospicio hospital, Margao, after the city's cops intervened. Vijay Kulkar, who was seen bleeding from his face, and sources, said that whatever he was hit with was a sharp object. He was rushed to the GMC late on Saturday night.While Margao PI Sudesh Naik said that they were still conducting the panchanama and after that the FIR would be lodged, Margao DySP Mohan Naik and South Goa superintendent of police (SP) Allen de Sa rushed to Hospicio to take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16986938", "title": "\u2018I am in need, will ask somebody else, there are many...\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Ye mera haath hai... aapki marzi hai... pakadte ho to pakdo. (This is my hand. If you want to hold it, then it's your wish.)\" This is what bribe-accused SP (City) Desh Raj Singh told SHO Anokh Singh when the latter expressed reluctance in giving him Rs 2 lakh on October 12.The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday handed over a photocopy of the recorded transcript between Desh Raj and complainant Anokh Singh to the defence counsel in special CBI court.Defence counsel Vishal Garg Narwana claimed, \"A thorough study of the transcript revealed there was nothing objectionable that hinted at my client Desh Raj Singh demanding bribe from complainant Anokh Singh. We will oppose the CBI stand and file a bail application in the court soon.\"However, CBI counsel Manmohan Sharma averred, \"It is a foolproof case and the copy of recorded transcript indicates that the accused was demanding money from the complainant.\"The next date of hearing has been scheduled for November 3. A scrutiny of the recorded transcript (a six-page copy in possession of TOI), reveals that accused Desh Raj had termed the demand of Rs 2 lakh as a gesture of handshake. When SHO Anokh Singh showed reluctance in giving a 'huge amount' of Rs 2 lakh, Desh Raj told him, \"Ye mera haath hai... aapki marzi hai... pakadte ho to pakdo... (This is my hand... if you want to hold it, then it's your wish..).\"When Anokh asked Desh Raj if he could pay Rs 50,000 only, the SP is reported to have said on October 12, \"I am in need... I will ask somebody else... there are many... there are many.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16985321", "title": "Indian GP: Not a happy day for Force India", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The gauntlet has been thrown down to Sahara Force India. For starters, Sauber's Sergio Perez , for one, doesn't consider the Indian team as challengers for the sixth spot in the Constructor's Standings.Sauber are currently 27 points ahead of Force India but have struggled in the last three races, except for Kamui Kobayashi's third-place finish in his home GP at Suzuka.The Swiss team, though, managed to outperform Force India in Saturday's qualifying session for the second Airtel Indian GP . Nico Hulkenberg was the best of the Force India drivers qualifying in 12th place with a timing of 1:26.241 in the second qualifying session. His teammate Paul Di Resta qualified at a lowly 16th position, clocking 1:26.989.Asked whether Sauber will keep an eye on Force India, Perez said bluntly, \"We are keeping an eye on Mercedes. Force India is behind us, so our aim to close the gap on Mercedes. We are always trying to look ahead.\"Hulkenberg, who finished in sixth place in the last race in South Korea, wasn't satisfied with how Saturday panned out for the team. \"I am not entirely happy. The aim was to come into the top 10 and we just missed out by a few tenths. My car was feeling very good and we did a good job on the set up,\" Hulkenberg said after being pipped by Mercedes' Nico Rosberg and Romain Grosjean of Lotus.The McLaren-bound Perez, who's suffering from flu since getting to India, put up a phenomenal drive to qualify eighth with a timing of 1:26.236. \"Sauber were behind us for most of the weekend but somehow managed to extract that something extra from somewhere. Sergio starts 8th and I 12th so I am not so sure,\" the German, who in all likelihood will replace Perez in Sauber next year, said.One thing that Hulkenberg is counting on is home support. \"I hope to see a lot of Indian flags waving during the Driver's Parade tomorrow. This is kind of a home race for us, so hopefully we can put up a good show for the crowd,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985503", "title": "Gadkari driver, diwan directors in non-Purti companies too", "text": "NAGPUR: Purti Power and Sugar Limited seems to have a lot in common with sugar and power factories at Akola, Buldhana and Bhandara. The Famous Four \u2014 Nitin Gadkari's driver Manohar Panse, diwan Kawdu Zade and Purti staffers Sagar Kotwaliwale and Nishant Agnihotri\u2014were directors in all four companies at some point of time. What's interesting is while Purti comes under the Purti Group promoted by the BJP president, the other three are separate entities.Also, just as the addresses of Purti Group's holding companies and their directors were found to be bogus, the registered addresses of Akola Sugar and Power Limited, Bhandara Sugar and Power Limited and Buldhana Sugar and Power Limited too seem to be suspect. According to details on the ministry of corporate affairs website, Akola and Bhandara were registered with the Registrar of Companies in 2010. The directors of Akola are Kawdu Zade and Sagar Kotwaliwale and those of Bhandara are Manohar Panse and Nishant Agnihotri. Curiously, the companies at Akola, Buldhana and Bhandara remain on paper and have no assets.Zade, Kotwaliwale, Panse and Agnihotri were directors in 16 corporate companies holding major shares in Purti Powe r and Sugar Limited (PPSL) before 2010. What's not established is Gadkari's interest in the sugar and power factories at Akola, Buldhana and Bhandara. According to the ministry's website, the registered address of Akola and Bhandara are the same\u2014Snehal Enterprises, 32-Mayuresh Apartment, Saraswati Vihar Colony, Trimurti Nagar, Nagpur.When TOI visited the address, two name boards had been displayed. While Snehal Enterprises described itself as a wholesale dealer of ordinary denatured spirit with Sudhir Deulgaonkar, one of the personal assistants of Gadkari, as the licence holder, the other board had the name Snehal Pharma and Surgicals Private Limited.A list of nine companies on two A-4 size papers was pasted on the glass door on the entrance of the shop. Apart from Akola and Bhandara, the other seven (Update Mercantile, Earnwell Trades, Rigma Fintrade, Sterlight Fincom, Leverage Fintrade, Chartiot Investrade, Mahawideh Securities and Investments ) are the same 'shell' companies which hold major shares in Purti. Asked about Akola and Bhandara, a person claiming to be an employee of Snehal Enterprises, said Sudhir's younger brother Subodh owned the place.Within a span of 10 minutes, as the TOI reporter stepped out to make a call, the two pieces of papers had been hastily removed. Sudhir too made an appearance and asked one of the employees to remove the board of Snehal Pharma and Surgicals Private Limited. He, in fact, tried to prevent the TOI photographer from taking pictures and even demanded the camera to delete them.Sudhir then aggressively tried to prevent them from leaving the spot, insisting that it was a private affair. But when he was showed the printouts of the addresses, he told TOI, \"The office is being run by my brother and has no links with Purti Group or Gadkari. This is also not the address of any other company. It is my personal property and should not be brought into controversy.\"At 4, East Narkesri Layout, Jaiprakash Nagar, Nagpur, which is the registered address of Buldhana, there was nothing to indicate that it was the office of a company. A woman said the Buldhana office was located here and it was owned by her husband, one Bhursunge who could not be contacted despite several attempts. Interestingly, the board of directors of Buldhana has no mention of Bhursunge and but has the Famous Four as its directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985482", "title": "Wadia hospital CCTV funds siphoned off, says mayor", "text": "MUMBAI: City mayor Sunil Prabhu visited Wadia Hospital on Saturday and met the parents of the abducted kid. An unidentified woman reportedly stole the baby boy from the general ward of the Parel hospital on Wednesday.\"A letter has been issued to the hospital management asking them to provide the details of the violation done in misappropriation of the funds,\" he added. Prabhu said a meeting will be held next week. \"I will request higher authorities to book the hospital management for negligence. The land will be taken back and the funds will be stopped after finding out whether there were any violations,\" he said.According to Prabhu, the hospital has broken the norms that the state government and the BMC formulated while allotting the plot to the trust. \"The government had been paying Rs 50 crore annually to the trust to run the hospital. But the facility is run in bad shape and the employees have not receive their salary for the last seven months,\" he said.Meanwhile, a hunt is on for the woman who stole the infant. \"Our teams are checking hospitals and other locations to track down the accused,\" said Vikram Patil, senior inspector of Bhoiwada police station.TOI got no response from the management of Wadia Group or corporate communication officials.Meanwhile, rumours were abound on Saturday that the Bhoiwada police had received specific information about the abducted infant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986341", "title": "Measures to prevent fire mishaps at Secretariat", "text": "PANAJI: Taking a cue from the disaster in Maharashtra, where thousands of files and important documents were reduced to ashes in Mantralaya, director of fire services Ashok Menon has formulated standard operating procedures (SOP) for the Secretariat building in Porvorim.The SOP, Menon said, consist of accountability and responsibility with a clearly laid down procedure for effective use of a fire protection system. The fire protection system consists of fire hydrants, smoke detectors, fire alarm system and fire extinguishers.A letter to this effect has been sent to the joint secretary, general administration department (GAD) by the fire services.Following SOP will make things easier for the auhorities to ensure that fire protection system is in place. As for the secretariat and minister's block, the government will have to appoint an official who will be incharge of fire protection.Menon said that a system will have to be created with proper manpower and those appointed will have to ensure that the fire protection system is functional and effective. After the government decides on the officer incharge and may be a team under him, the directorate of fire services' fire prevention cell will provide them training on using fire extinguishers, checking whether smoke detectors and fire alarm system work, etc. He said both the Secretariat building and the ministerial annexe are equipped with the necessary fire fighting sytem. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986547", "title": "Irom Sharmila awarded for her grit", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre may have remained indifferent to the demands of Irom Sharmila, but the Iron Lady's voice and cause seems to have reached the Kerala coast.On Saturday, Kovilam Trust bestowed the Kovilam Smaraka Activist Indian National Award to Sharmila who has been fasting for nearly 12 years now in demand for repeal of the Arms Forces Special Power Act (AFSPA). Since Sharmila could not be in the city due to legal problems, the award was received by her elder brother Irom Singhajit on her behalf.But Singhajit later returned the award to the trust saying that it was to honour his sister's resolution, who has decided not to accept any award or recognition from any individual or organisation till her demands are met.\"It is a proud moment to receive such an award. But I would request the Kovilam Trust to keep the award in its safe custody and hand it over to Sharmila when she is comes out free from the judicial custody,\" said Singhajit.He added that Sharmila had expressed this wish during a meeting when she was produced in the court on October 9. The Iron Lady has been on fast since November 2000 after some civilians were shot dead allegedly by Assam Rifle personnel in Malom village of Manipur. Her non-violent protest against AFSPA has made her an iconic figure.\"Seldom do we come across an activist with such determination and courage. Sharmila is an emblem of courage. If Tagore was alive, he would have been so proud of Sharmila. So would have been the departed great men who had fought for the country and for truth,\" said Mahasweta Devi.The activist writer who handed over the award was not allowed to meet Sharmila when she had gone calling on the firebrand activist in Imphal in 2009. Mahasweta revealed that she would be writing on Sharmila and her crusade.According to Singhajit, Sharmila meditates and does yoga for almost four hours everyday in the hospital. That perhaps has prevented her from diverting her mind to other things around her, he said. At present, Sharmila is confined in a room in Imphal's JN Hospital where she is forcibly nasal fed. She is produced in the court every 15 days for extension of the judicial custody.\"AFSPA was initially imposed in some disturbed areas of Nagaland about 55 years ago. It was supposed to be for a limited period and for some particular areas. Instead, it has now been imposed in other parts of the country too. The UN has already said that this draconian law cannot exist in a democracy. Sharmila has been fighting for scrapping of the law for almost 12 years,\" said human rights activist Babloo Loitongbam.Even family members do no have access to Sharmila. They have to obtain permission from the state home department at least a month in advance to meet her in the hospital. When asked, documentary filmmaker Josy Joseph expressed dissatisfaction at the kind of treatment doled out to northeast India by the mainstream media.\"All major newspaper houses have a Guwahati edition. Though all news reports reach their respective head quarters, it bounces back to the Guwahati edition. Sharmila has been fighting for years now, but there isn't any pressure as people in mainland India hardly get to know the true picture in northeast India,\" said Joseph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "reckong peo/nerwa (himachal pradesh)", "code": "16985774", "title": "Nitin Gadkari steers clear of attacking Virbhadra in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "Reckong Peo/Nerwa (Himachal Pradesh): In a major climb down from the BJP's anti-corruption stand in poll-bound Himachal Pradesh - especially its sharp attack on state Congress chief Virbhadra Singh - party president Nitin Gadkari , making his first public appearance on Saturday after the scam slur hit him, did not mention the ex-Himachal CM even once at the two rallies he addressed in the hill state though he made references to other scandals like CWG, 2G and coalgate.Though the party has refrained from asking for his resignation, the allegations heaped on Gadkari seem to have undercut BJP's plan to capitalize on allegations of corruption against Congress's choice for Singh as the CM for the sixth term.BJP had seized upon the documents seized by Income-Tax department allegedly showing payment from a steel manufacturing company to one VBS in the steel ministry, when Singh held the portfolio, as well as reports in media insinuating that the Congress veteran forged his I-T returns.BJP has kept up the attack despite Singh's vehement denials.Gadkari's speeches on Saturday were a pale shadow of the sharp attack on Singh by senior party leader Arun Jaitley earlier this week, accusing the former Congress CM of money laundering.Singh retaliated by asking BJP about the reports on allegedly dubious investors of Gadkari's Purti Group.Neither at Reckong Peo, a remote, tribal-dominated area at 8,010 feet in Kinnaur district, nor at Nerwa, another remote area about 125 km from Shimla , did Gadkari mention Singh's name or raise any corruption issue against him. He rather chose to stick to issues like development and poverty.He also made a point about allegations raised against him. When Kinnaur MLA Tejwant Negi, who is seeking another term, talked about Congress leveling charges of corruption, Gadkari came to his defence, saying \"joh ped mazboot hota hota hai, usee pe patthar maarte hain. Hamara daaman saaf hai\".Gadkari's visit had looked uncertain till late on Friday night even as more disclosures about controversial business practices of Purti Group that he founded came in the RSS distanced itself from the leader. It was only around midnight that Gadkari defiantly declared that he would campaign in Himachal Pradesh.However, it is learnt that the state BJP was not too happy with Gadkari campaigning here as it felt that it would soften the BJP's main plank - corruption - just a week before it goes to polls. While CM P K Dhumal and former CM and national vice-president Shanta Kumar remained busy campaigning elsewhere, it was left to BJP national general secretary J P Nadda to accompany Gadkari both in Kinnaur and Nerwa.While steering clear of attacking Singh, Gadkari spoke of corruption while attacking UPA. \"CAG reports have proved that UPA has engaged in corruption on land with CWG, in air with 2G and under the ground with Coalgate,\" he said. He also attacked the Congress in failing to tackle issues like poverty.Gadkari also avoided the media at both the venues. At Reckong Peo, his supporters drove him from the ITBP helipad to Ramlila Ground in a tight cordon. He was driven back from the ground, under cover of supporters not giving a chance to the media to interact with him. He also kept away from the media in Nerwa, where he went in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kurukshetra ", "code": "16985933", "title": "Festival of 400-year-old Haryanvi culture begins in Kurukshetra University", "text": "KURUKSHETRA : 'Ratnawali'- a festival of Haryanvi culture began in Kurukshetra university on Saturday. Around 3,000 students from various colleges and university of Haryana is taking part in the event. On the one side event is depicting Haryanvi culture in its true form and on the other English music(pop) has been mixed in some event to make it more attractive.During four days function 400-year-old old Haryanvi folk will be presented by the students.On the first day, in Haryanvi pop song, Girls colleges dominated as fist two prizes were bagged by girl colleges. Artists took away the audience with them while presenting fusion of pop and Haryanvi folk.\"This year the whole programme can be viewed on \"You tube\". This was an initiative to take the event at international level.\", said Anoop Lathar, director youth and culture, Kurukshetra University.Dr DDS Sandu, vice chancellor Kurukshetra University, who was the chief guest in the opening ceremony , applauded the presentation of young students, saying that this fest brings the youth to the roots of Haryanvi culture.Senior citizens from various districts of Haryana are reaching Kurukshetra University to have a glance of oldest Haryanvi folk presented by new generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16985969", "title": "Paint factory gutted in fire", "text": "THANE: A paint manufacturing factory was reduced ashes in a massive fire at Boisar MIDC near Palghar on Saturday. Four other industrial units were damaged partly. It took nearly six hours for fire officials to bring the blaze under control. No casualties were reported.According to fire brigade officials, the flames first engulfed DR Coats Ink and Rexins, located on plot number 123. Within minutes, the entire factory was gutted as thousands of litres of flammable chemical and a huge stock of rexin was stored inside the company premises.\"The fire was uncontrollable. Though we rushed six fire engines, the water cannons proved inadequate to control the blaze, which seemed to touch the sky. The fire produced giant plumes of black smoke and thick chemical smell lingered in the neighbouring area as other chemical units were also damaged,\" a fire official said.He added that there were 15 workers inside the company when the fire started, but they were rescued in time before the fire could spread.Locals said that during such industrial fires, it is expected that the fire brigade officials douse the flames using extinguishing agents and foam instead of water. However, though the local fire brigade had adequate storage of foam, the scorching heat and the height of the building which was on fire made it difficult for officials to douse the flames.The fire officials' priority was to contain the fire as other companies in the vicinity had thousands of litres of flammable ethelye oxide and other chemicals in their warehouses. A total of 20 water tankers were rushed to the spot and it was only after a six-hour-long sustained fire-fighting that the blaze was brought under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990775", "title": "Srihari turns Batman", "text": "Versatile actor Srihari will be soon seen in the role of 'Batman' in his upcoming Telugu movie. The actor is in fact, playing the role of Lord Yama in the film 'Yamaho Yamaho', which has Sairam Shankar in the lead. Sources add that Srihari will be enthralling audience in several other get ups too including Batman.The socio-fantasy film, which is directed by has Parvati Melton and Sanjjana as female leads, and the story expounds about the tales of Yama - the lord of death. The director says that Yamaho Yama is an entertainer with a difference since Chitragupta happens to visit America where all hell breaks loose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16986286", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle: Upgrade for Salman, Rahul boys likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: A conscious effort to raise the profile of young ministers will define the reshuffle Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will effect on Sunday morning. Although the exercise will be marked by boost for law minister Salman Khurshid and urban development minister Kamal Nath, it is the elevation of Ajay Maken , Jyotiraditya Scindia and Sachin Pilot that illustrates Congress's plan to showcase the latest ministerial rejig as the evidence of Rahul Gandhi's growing involvement in party affairs.Maken is likely to be elevated to the Cabinet rank and may be given the responsibility of I&B; ministry which Ambika Soni gave up on Saturday to return to Congress. Scindia and Pilot will be given independent charge of ministries: significant status upgrades considering the party's plans to groom them for bigger roles in their respective states of Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.The induction of Manish Tiwari will part of the plan to bring down the average age of Team Manmohan.Setting the stage for what will be one of the most significant ministerial reshuffle under UPA, six ministers \u2014 three of them of the Cabinet rank \u2014 resigned on Saturday, although for different reasons. A day after S M Krishna heeded the PM's desire to resign as foreign minister, Soni and Mukul Wasnik resigned as ministers for I&B; and social justice, respectively, to join organization.As widely anticipated, Subodh Kant Sahay was asked to resign as the price for indiscretion he committed by recommending allocation of coal block to a company in which his brother was a director.Three ministers of state \u2014 Mahadev Khandela, Vincent Pala and Agatha Sangma \u2014 also quit: the last because of NCP's desire to replace her with Tariq Anwar who, incidentally, will be the sole representative of Bihar in the government.Among the seniors, urban development minister Kamal Nath is to be given the additional charge of the ministry of parliamentary affairs: a move that reflects the recognition of the challenges that, with Opposition planning to feast on the controversies surrounding Robert Vadra, government expects to face in the Winter Session, as well as its dire need to get crucial legislations passed. Among the longest-serving members of Lok Sabha, Kamal Nath is obviously expected to bring the opponents around on legislations that are stuck in Parliament.Salman Khurshid has emerged as a strong contender for the ministry of external affairs, in what will mark a major fillip to his career. Former deputy chairperson of Rajya Sabha, K Rahman Khan, was likely to take over Khurshid's minority affairs ministry irrespective of his new assignment.Apart from the desire to enhance the youth quotient of the government, changes appear to have been shaped by a patchwork of imperatives for coming elections and the perennial need to manage factional equations. Even the elevation of Maken is seen a move aimed at balancing factional dynamics in Delhi where CM Sheila Dikshit has been on an upswing, with even son Sandeep being appointed the national party spokesperson.With Congress's fortunes headed southwards in Andhra Pradesh which was crucial to party's consecutive wins in Lok Sabha elections, the state has got a mega representation. Telugu super star, Chiaranjeevi, who merged his Praja Rajyam party in Congress, will be inducted as minister of state, possibly with the independent charge of the ministry of tourism. Besides him, four other Congress MPs from Andhra Pradesh \u2014 Sarve Satyanarayana, S P Reddy, Balram Naik and K Kruparani \u2014 will be inducted as ministers of state.The fresh inductions from Andhra Pradesh will take its representation in the Council of Ministers to 10, excluding Jairam Ramesh who, while from Karnataka, has been elected to Rajya Sabha from the state. The accommodation of Telangana leaders in the Union ministry also signals that the debate on the statehood demand is over for the time being, at least so far as Congress is concerned.So far as individuals are concerned, the hierarchy is unlikely to be affected much. Anand Sharma is expected to continue handling the ministry for commerce despite the intense speculation about his move to the foreign ministry: something that was reinforced when a thanks giving quote of D Purandeswari was interpreted to mean that she will look after Sharma's portfolio as a full-scale Cabinet minister. Purandeswari is expected to join the ministry, but stays a minister of state.Kapil Sibal will stay put in telecom ministry, with all indications suggesting that his original charge, HRD ministry, may go to a senior minister from the south. Petroleum ministry may get a new head in case the choice for HRD falls on Jaipal Reddy.C P Joshi will continue in Rail Bhawan. The ministry for highways, his original responsibility, is likely to be assigned to Pawan Bansal, who is shedding parliamentary affairs for Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16993344", "title": "NCP decides to take on BJP", "text": "MUMBAI: The NCP has finally decided to take on the BJP for its everyday attack on the party over irregularities in the irrigation department. NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik refuted the BJP's allegations that there is irregularity in every irrigation project. Malik further stated that there is infighting between the BJP leadership in the state and to cover infighting within the party leadership, the BJP has adopted a strategy to attack NCP. \"The BJP leaders are adhering to Goebbels theory. Everyday they talk about irrigation and target NCP,\" Malik added.He further stated BJP has always attacked NCP and made several attempts to mislead the citizens, Malik said, \"People are wise enough to understand the strategy adopted by the saffron party.\"NCP leader Ajit Pawar, irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare (NCP) are making headlines for past few days due to alleged irregularities in the irrigation department. In fact, the Congress too has left no stone unturned to embarrass its alliance partner\u2014NCP. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced to issue white paper on the irrigation projects, which led to further tensions in the ruling DF government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985811", "title": "Girls on night-long dharna against hiked mess fees; University of Rajasthan relents", "text": "JAIPUR: Protesting against the increased mess fees for hostels of the University of Rajasthan, nearly 500 girl students organised a night-long sit-in outside the residence of the vice-chancellor in the university campus. The dharna which started on Friday night was called off on Saturday morning when the girls were informed by the administration that the hiked fees were withdrawn.Around 500 girls mostly hostellers gathered outside the residence of vice-chancellor B L Sharma late on Friday evening. Throughout the night, they kept pleading the VC to speak to them in regard to the hiked mess fees. Finally, on Saturday morning the VC invited them for a meeting.\"We were protesting as the mess fees which was Rs 1500 per month was raised to Rs 2100. However, in a meeting the VC agreed to withdraw the hiked fees and we called off our dharna,\" Neha Singh, vice-president of Rajasthan University Student Union (RUSU) said on Saturday.Neha added that more than 1200 girl students of five girls hostels were affected with the increased mess fees.However, the university administration has hinted that in the near future the fees would be hiked as the administration will appoint a committee to find out if the fee hike is needed and if needed up to what extent it could be raised, sources said.During the dharna, police from nearly five stations camped near the agitating girls so as to ensure that they do not barge into the VC's residence.During their agitation, the girls went into singing spree to kill time. At some instances, they attempted to provoke the policemen who did not used any force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16993324", "title": "Manoj Tiwary to lead Bengal as Sourav Ganguly decides against playing Ranji Trophy", "text": "KOLKATA: Former India captain Sourav Ganguly has finally decided on not playing Ranji Trophy as Bengal's senior selection committee decided to appoint Manoj Tiwary as the captain of the 15-member squad for first two matches against Rajasthan and Punjab.\"There is no question of playing in Ranji Trophy, if I'm not playing IPL,\" Ganguly has said as he is unlikely to feature in Pune's scheme of things during the next edition of Indian Premier League.While Ganguly has made his intentions clear, one of the two CAB joint secretaries Sujan Mukherjee still wants the 40-year-old to play a few matches.\"He would not play the first two matches, but depending on our team's position we may get his services later on.\"\"It's youthful side but we have players with international experience. Looking forward to a positive season,\" Mukherjee said after the team selection in Kalyani where the selectors, coach WV Raman picked the side on the sidelines of Bengal A's Col CK Nayudu match against Madhya Pradesh A.Manoj is back as skipper and his presence will lend solidity to the batting, while all-rounder Laxmi Ratan Shukla will be the seniormost player in the line-up.Ashok Dinda will spearhead the three-ponged pace battery that also includes Veer Pratap Singh and Sourav Sarkar besides the part-timer Shukla.In the spin department, Bengal have two left-arm spinners Iresh Saxena and first-timer Aritra Chatterjee while Arnab Nandy will double up as off-spinner and batsman.Partha Sarathi Bhattacharjee, Jayojeet Basu and Rohan Banerjee are the three openers in the side while wicketkeeper batsman Wriddhiman Saha, Anustup Majumdar and Writam Porel will be the backbone of Bengal batting.The Squad: Manoj Tiwary (c), Partha Sarathi Bhattacharjee, Rohan Banerjee, Joyjeet Basu, Writam Porel, Anustup Majumdar, Wriddhiman Saha (wk), Laxmi Ratan Shukla, Iresh Saxena, Ashok Dinda, Sourav Sarkar, Arnab Nandy, Veer Pratap Singh, Subhamoy Das and Aritra Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986439", "title": "Bangla artist tastes freedom in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Bangladeshi sculptor Rashid Ahmed, renowned for the iconic Muktujodhha Smriti Soudha \u2014 a monument he designed on the 1971 Bangladesh liberation struggle \u2014 is planning a new liberation series inspired by the protracted struggle to return home after being jailed in Delhi on charges of smuggling fake Indian currency.Speaking to TOI minutes before boarding the flight to freedom with daughter-in-law Nur Nahar who had also been jailed, the septuagenarian said he wanted to sculpt on the subject of liberation anew. \"There is a burning desire to get back to work after eight years. I want to do something new and better. Obviously, the experience of these past years will get reflected in the pieces I create. I have a feeling they will be more mature than my past work,\" he said.In the past eight years, Rashid's health has deteriorated. He has developed hypertension, has a heart problem, suffers from bouts of asthma and is now a diabetes patient. But much beyond the physical ailment, it is the mental agony and torture at being unable to work that has pained him most. \"There was no opportunity to sculpt. In any case, I was a wreck in prison and had given up hope of ever returning home,\" he said, terming the impending reunion with family on Eid a miracle.Though Rashid and Nur had spent more time in prison than the sentence term, the two continued to languish behind bars as they did not have the means to cough up the fine of Rs 1.5 lakh each, having spent everything on the protracted legal battle. It was only when three Samaritans stepped forward to help the duo financially after learning about their plight in the media that the duo finally walked free. They took a flight to Kolkata the very evening to catch a Dhaka-bound flight the next morning.\"We walked out of Tihar jail in the afternoon. But it was only after we landed in Kolkata at 11pm that we tasted freedom. The instant we spotted the first Bengali signage, we knew we were home. It didn't matter that we were still in India. Hearing people converse in Bengali wiped away the sense of insecurity. The feeling was more blessed than the fulfillment after many Haj pilgrimages,\" said Rashid.Apart from battling a criminal charge, the two were confronted with a completely alien language in Hindi. \"Since we did not watch Hindi movies, we could not follow the language at all. Though I learnt it later and even taught children in the language for five years after training at Kiran Bedi's India Vision Foundation, Abba never picked up the words and remained isolated all these years,\" recounted Nur.Married to one of Rashid's three sons, Nur used to assist her father-in-law at work till misfortune struck them during a pilgrimage trip to the dargah of Moinuddin Chisti in Ajmer in 2004. As the trauma of the years in prison whirled through her mind during the early morning conversation, she broke down now and again. The wait for the half-hour flight home was getting excruciating.\"It is only when one turns into a nobody and is utterly vulnerable in an alien country does one understand the importance of motherland. Now I know it is no less intense a feeling than losing one's child,\" said Nur, whose daughter Chandni Chowdhury died in 2005 aged four though she learnt about it only last year.While Nur may never muster the courage to step out of Bangladesh again, Rashid, who had last come to Kolkata on a spiritual trip to visit Bagmari graveyard 12 years ago, is keen to return to the city at least once again. \"This stop-over can hardly be termed a visit. I'd like to come here and enjoy Kolkata for a couple of days. That's been a long-cherished dream. But it will only be to Kolkata and back. I will never again venture beyond to anyplace where Bengali isn't spoken or understood,\" Rashid added.There was no opportunity to sculpt. In any case, I was a wreck in prison and had given up hope of ever returning home. This (impending reunion with family on Eid) is a miracle.Rashid Ahmed | Bangladeshi sculptor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "16987137", "title": "Punjab Regiment pays tribute to martyrs", "text": "RAMGARH: The Punjab Regiment, one of the oldest regiments of the Indian Army, paid tribute to fallen soldiers at a wreath-laying ceremony organized at the regiment's war memorial in Ramgarh on Infantry Day on Saturday. To mark the day, wreaths were laid at the memorial where commandant Brigadier Anil Pandey paid tribute to the martyrs who laid down their lives for the nation.Pandey said it was on this day in 1947, that infantry troops were airlifted to Srinagar to fight irregular forces of Pakistan who attacked Jammu and Kashmir. \"Since then, infantry troops have always been on the forefront to defend our nation against adversaries and antinational elements, whether on the borders or in insurgency-affected areas within the country,\" said Pandey. He added that the Indian infantry has a glorious history of warfare both in its duty of guarding our frontiers as well as serving as United Nations' peace keepers in Africa and the Middleeast.\"The infantry is unique, it has to adapt and operate on various terrains, altitudes and weather conditions,\" said an army officer, adding that be it freezing mountains of Siachen glacier, icy plateaus of northern Sikkim, arid western deserts or dense northeast jungles, the infantry has earned a unique pride of place. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16986452", "title": "Baroda chapter of Institute of Indian Interior Designers to launch programmes for architects", "text": "VADODARA: The Baroda chapter of Institute of Indian Interior Designers (IIID) will launch a series of new programmes for traders, designers and budding as well as established architects. On Friday, architect Hitesh Modi took over as chairman of IIID Baroda from Tanuj Desai for 2012-2014 during a ceremony at the Federation of Gujarat Industries (FGI) auditorium. \"We have decided to start a knowledge series wherein the work and experience of Gujarat-based architects and interior designers will be shared amongst all,\" said Modi, adding that this series will help upcoming designers to relate, evaluate and introspect their own practices and get direction\". The chapter will be launching 'touch the brick series' whereby it will invite senior designers from across the state with the intention to have them explain their project on site. \"This series will be unique experience of sharing the design process, experiences of designer while execution and the challenges he faced. We will be documenting it to help junior practitioners and students,\" he said.To help students of architecture colleges, the chapter will coordinate with six colleges in and around the city and screen movies on architecture. \"While we will continue our ongoing events like cricket tournament, we are focused on forming a ladies cell with an intention to promote ladies participation,\" he said. The new team of IIID Baroda includes architects Deepak Panchal and Rahul Davli as vice-chairman associate and chairman elect, Mayur Mehta as vice-chairman trade, architect Birju Dixit as honorary secretary, Brijesh Shah as honorary joint secretary and Nikul Choksi as honorary treasurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16991020", "title": "Will ensure proper electricity supply: Power minister Jyotiraditya Scindia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Newly appointed power minister Jyotiraditya Scindia today said that his priorities will be to ensure proper electricity supply in the country.Scindia, a young Congress MP from Madhya Pradesh, has been appointed as minister of state (independent charge) for power.\"Priorities will be to ensure that there is proper electric supply. Both the government and private electric companies work in tandem for the united goal of country's progress,\" Scindia told PTI.He takes over the reins of the Power Ministry at a time when the sector is grappling with acute fuel shortages besides environmental hurdles, which are also hurting electricity generation in the country.\"I will also try to ensure coordination with coal and environment ministries,\" Scindia said.\"As the UPA government vision, I will try to make sure that the remote areas of the country gets power supply. I will try to ensure growth in the sector,\" he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986531", "title": "Jawans remember 1947 martyrs on Infantry Day", "text": "KOLKATA: Infantry Day was celebrated at the Eastern Command Headquarters in the city on Saturday with Lt Gen Dalbir Singh, the General Officer Commanding-in-Chief and senior-most Infantry officer in the region, laying a wreath on the Vijay Smarak in Fort William. October 27 was the day in 1947 when the first body of Indian Army soldiers landed at the Srinagar airfield to ward off Pakistani troops, who launched attacks on the valley with the help of tribals.The day is of particular significance to the Eastern Command as Lt Gen Lionel Pratip Sen (then a Brigadier) commanded the historic 161 Brigade, which fought tooth and nail against heavy odds to defend the country's North Western boundary and protect the country's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Sen went on to become the GOC-in-C, Eastern Command and held this post in 1962 when India suffered its worst debacle in the battlefield.The former general, in his critically acclaimed book 'Slender was the Thread: Kashmir Confrontation, 1947-48' had noted how India was unable to hang on to territory captured by troops under his command due to the apathy of higher-ups in Delhi. His views of the situation in 1947-48 came true in 1962 when a totally untrained, unprepared and under-equipped Indian Army came face-to-face with the Chinese People's Liberation Army in the higher reaches of the Himalayas.On Saturday, Lt Gen Singh, in his message to the Infantry soldier, exhorted them to carry forward the ideals of true professionalism to greater heights while evolving with the changing times to face the challenges of the modern-day battlefield. This is the day when befitting tribute is paid to the infantrymen who made the supreme sacrifice for the nation. A traditional 'Barakhana' was organized during the day for officers and troops, including retired Infantry officers and veterans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987208", "title": "Civic body to beautify roads to Mohali, Zirakpur", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City beautification committee of the municipal corporation is coming up with a project to beautify roads in Chandigarh which link UT to other places.Initially, one road will be taken up as a pilot project and the remaining ones would be worked upon later. This matter would be discussed in the monthly meeting next week.According to initial details, the exercise will be started from Udyan Path. The entire road from border area to Mohali up to other end of the city will be beautified.Sources said that saplings would be planted on the roadsides and multi-coloured stones would be put up in some areas. When contacted, committee chairman Surinder Bahga said: \"This would be a pilot project and only one road would be beautified initially. We will assess work done on this road and then issues would be sorted out.\"The issue of beautifying roads had been pending for several months. Most roads in the city are in a bad shape and unclean. Truckers often park their vehicles on the roadsides on the stretch which links UT with Zirakpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990469", "title": "Taapsee goes slow and steady", "text": "Taapsee Pannu, who made a promising debut in the National-Award-winning film Aadukalam, is taking her career slowly and steadily.The actress is playing the role of a journalist in the upcoming Ajith - Vishnuvardhan movie. She is playing a pivotal role, that of village belle in the Tamil - Telugu bilingual, Maranthen Mannithen . Taapsee is also keen on doing women-centric films and a physically challenged character to prove her acting skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16985253", "title": "Half marathon kicks off Shillong Autumn Festival", "text": "SHILLONG: A half marathon kicked off the annual Shillong Autumn Festival on Saturday. Aimed at promoting tourism in the \"Abode of Clouds\", chief minister Mukul Sangma led the run. Later, he also sang some evergreen numbers of the Nineties to entertain the crowd. People from all walks of life took part in the event.In keeping with the theme \"for a greener tomorrow\", the Shillong Autumn Festival is focusing on the need to save the green cover, considered as the USP of tourism in Meghalaya.\"Think green, eat green and live green,\" Mukul said, urging the participants to carry home the message of shouldering a collective responsibility to keep Shillong and the environment clean.Assuring sustained supports from the government for the green movement in the state, the chief minister added, \"Let's take a resolution today that whoever is here will ensure that this humble beginning is converted into a movement... a green movement\".Bining Lyngkhoi, former champion among runners at the Mumbai Marathon and hailing from Meghalaya's West Khasi Hills district, was the ambassador of the half marathon. Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum (MTDF), the organizer of the event, projected the number of participants at 10,000.After today's event, the cultural shows and food court of local cuisines from the NE would be held on November 3-4 at the picturesque Orchid Lake Resort at Umiam (Barapani). Former state home minister and CEO LIFCOM, R G Lyngdoh, who is also the chairman of MDTF, said this year a sound and light show titled \"work of art\" would be one of the attractions at the venue.Several western music bands and cultural troupes from the region would perform during the two-day event and would have a lot to offer for people. The annual Shillong Autumn Festival has been drawing a large number of tourists over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987542", "title": "Danger for desis in diamond land", "text": "Families of Gujarati businessmen in Antwerp are the new targets of gangsters seeking a quick bounty. If this continues, say traders, they may have to shift to Dubai.They control up to 80 per cent of Antwerp's $45 billion annual diamond trade. But the dominance of Gujarati businessmen in Antwerp, the world's biggest diamond trading hub, seems to have put them under the spotlight of international crime syndicates . Two sensational heists, targeting Gujarati businessmen from leading companies , have put a question mark on the security of the diamond traders and their families.The latest incident was on October 12, when gangsters \u2014 who were speaking to each other in Italian \u2014 targeted the wife of Prashant Bhalani, a sales manager of Kiran Gems Private Limited. The armed gang members threatened to shoot Bhalani's wife if he did not deliver diamonds to them at his home. They left after Bhalani handed over stones worth Rs 150 crore.Almost two years back, on March 5, 2010, Pankaj Maldar, who heads Indian firm KARP Impex's Antwerp office, was held hostage for 18 hours with his wife and children in his home in Wilrijk outside Antwerp by three men, again speaking Italian. Maldar was forced to go to his office and bring the polished diamond stock, while the gang stood guard over his family. They left only after getting diamonds worth Rs 50 crore.Many Gujarati diamond businessmen in Antwerp say they have become extra cautious after these heists. They already have CCTV at home but are now planning to employ armed guards.\"Hoveniersstraat, or Gardener's Street, is the backbone of the diamond market, where four-fifths of the world's uncut diamonds are traded. The area, which houses the diamond offices, is under high security and we are safe there. But we are helpless when gangsters target our family members and ask us to bring the stock from our safe vaults,\" says Jitu Bagadia, leader of the Gujarati Samaj in Antwerp and a diamond trader who lives in the city with his wife and daughter.Most Gujaratis have their homes in areas like Belgelei, Van Eycklei, Quintan Matseslie , Edegem and Wilrijk. Barring one or two areas, most are a half hour drive away from the main diamond centre . Following the 2010 heist, the leaders of Antwerp's diamond industry had discussed security of the Indian community with the police and governor and it was decided to increase patrols in the diamond district and in neighbourhoods like Wilrijk where Maldar's family was targeted.But the Indian diamond community says that much more needs to be done.\"Despite increased security, criminals are successfully targeting the businessmen and their families. It seems Gujaratis are on their hit-list ,\" says Dinesh Navadia, president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA), who is planning to take the issue to the Belgian ambassador and consul general in New Delhi and Mumbai.Sanjay Mehta, a diamond trader in Antwerp adds, \"It's a frightening thing to see your wife and children facing a gangster's gun in your own house. The only saving grace is that until now, they have not killed anyone.\"But the community is in no mood to let matters deteriorate further, even indicating that they might shift base if such incidents continue. \"We have started building pressure on the Belgian authorities through our contacts in India,\" says an Antwerp-based diamond trader. \"We want more security for our families. The areas where the Gujarati diamantaires have their homes should be provided better police patrolling and additional deployment of armed guards. One more heist and we will seriously consider shifting base to Dubai.\"Trade tremorsThere are 400 Gujarati families living in Belgium, most of them connected to the diamond tradeThe Antwerp diamond centre is contained in a two square mile area, which houses 1,850 companies, about 70 per cent of which are owned by GujaratisAlmost 25 years ago, Antwerp had more than 30,000 cutters and polishers. But now, their number has decreased to only about 1,000 as most of the manufacturing has moved to SuratAntwerp's diamond industry was earlier controlled by Jews. But the tide started to turn about two decades ago when the Gujaratis started beating the JewsMany Jews are worried about the new competitive pressure and now prefer to meet clients in the privacy of their offices for fear that Indians will poach their remaining business", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "guwahati/shillong", "code": "16985301", "title": "Eid-ul-Zuha celebrated in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI/SHILLONG: Eid-ul-Zuha was celebrated across Assam on Saturday with prayers for peace.In Guwahati, thousands of people offered namaz at the historic Machkhowa Eidgah. Over 5,000 peace and communal harmony at Jalukbari Eidgah Maidan in the city as well. Eid-ul-Zuha prayer was also offered at Burha Jame Maszid and other mosques of Guwahati and on the outskirts.Eid prayers were also offered in western Assam districts which witnessed bloody ethnic clashes a few months ago. Riot-hit displaced Muslims celebrated Eid in relief camps, where they are awaiting rehabilitation.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi also offered Eid-ul-Zuha prayer at Rajdhani Masjid near the state capital here. Gogoi said love and brotherhood is the main essence of all religions. \"Eid-ul-Zuha evokes the feeling of love, compassion and understanding. Let us reaffirm our resolve to further strengthen the spirit of brotherhood, unity and peace,\" said Gogoi. The chief minister appealed to people to endorse the longstanding tradition of amity, brotherhood and communal harmony in society.Gogoi announced that Rs 50 lakh will be provided for building a library-cum-research centre and auditorium at Rajdhani Masjid. Parliamentary secretary Rekibuddin Ahmed also offered namaz along with the chief minister. Forest minister Rockybul Hussain greeted the people on the occasion of Eid-Ul-Zuha from Nagaon district.\"Eid-ul-Zuha teaches us to be confident and patient. While celebrating Eid-ul-Zuha, we prayed before Allah to restore peace in the state, which has witnessed one of the worst ethnic clashes in Bodoland a few months ago,\" said Adil Shah, the president of Jalukbari Eidgah. He also prayed for safe return of the Haj pilgrims from Assam who are in Mecca.\"Eid-Ul-Zuha, this time, is not like previous years. Thousands of people are still in relief camps and we feel their pain. Those who have returned to their homes are missing their near and dear ones. They are yet to overcome the loss of lives and property caused during the recent ethnic violence. Hope, Eid will unite all once again,\" said Hafiz Ahmed of Char Chapori Sahitya Parishad, a literary body of the state.In Shillong, the recently inaugurated glass mosque, the first-of-its-kind in the country, drew a large number of faithful, as well as tourists, on occasion of Eid-al-Azha on Saturday. The 120-feet tall magnificent Medina Mosque by Umshyrpi stream, inaugurated by Union minister of state for water resources and Lok Sabha MP from Shillong Vincent Pala just a week ago, also allows women to offer prayers. It also houses an orphanage and a library.While namaz was offered by the faithful at the Idgah in front of the mosque, several tourists also thronged the premises to have a glimpse of the unique structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16987710", "title": "Musicians' unforgettable notes at Mysore Palace", "text": "MYSORE: Like the music aficionados who listened to their favourie musicians performing in front of Amba Vilas Palace during Dasara, the performers too felt gratified.The performers included violinist L Subramaniam, ghazal maestro Talat Aziz, Odissi dancer Ratikanth Mohapatra, santoor exponent Pt Shivakumar Sharma and city-based singer Vijay Prakash.Subramaniam, who has given many performances in the Palace during Dasara, told STOI that performing in Mysore gives him a special feeling. \"I love to perform here. The crowd was big and the festive spirit was palpable in the air during my performance. People love to listen to music, especially during auspicious occasions like Dasara,\" said the violinist, who has teamed up with internationally acclaimed violin player Yehudi Menuhin.Ratikanth, who has made it to the 'Guinness Book of World Records' by choreographing 555 dancers in one go at Kalinga stadium in Bhubaneswhar (Orissa), too feels the same.\"I got goose bumps on seeing Subramaniam's recital. It's a visual treat for the audience. I too had a special feeling while performing here as people appreciate all art forms,\" he says.Carnatic music duo Sreeramprasad-Ravikumar, the Malladi brothers, have been performing here for the past two decades. According to them, classical music is savoured by many, in spite of invasion by other \"modern forms of entertainment\". \"Mysore has become a second home for us,\" they say.Mumbai-based ghazal singer Talat Aziz said the city, which has many aficionados of classical music, has always rejoiced his style of singing.Singer Vijay Prakash, who performed on the penultimate day of Dasara, said it was a pleasure to perform at the Palace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16987017", "title": "Bidding norms eased to aid JV companies", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has amended the bidding process allowing joint venture companies to participate in the exercise to ensure maximum participation.Till now, a joint venture company was not allowed to file tenders which resulted in delay of many ambitious projects. Cost of the project also increases manifold owing to delay.State cabinet secretary N N Pandey said that earlier even after floating tenders for various projects five-six times, only one party applied because of strict norms. This hampered execution of projects.He said the government was not getting contractors for projects in east Singhbhum and Dhanbad districts. \"The drinking water and sanitation department floated tenders five-six times but only one company filed the tender. The government has decided to relax some norms and ensure timely execution of projects.\"The government has also decided to lower the financial eligibility criteria for the company participating in the bidding process. Earlier, the company participating in tender process had to have an annual turnover of 150% of the project cost in at least one of the preceding five financial years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985424", "title": "Districts guzzling power to face longer outages", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to streamline power cuts, the Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) has begun an exercise to study power loads in the districts in its jurisdiction under the direction of APTransco. The decision was taken by the company as power cuts are likely to continue till June, 2013.As of now, power cuts are being imposed uniformly in districts. Load shedding in districts like Rangareddy (rural), Kurnool, Medak, Nalgonda, Mahbubnagar and Anantapur, which come under CPDCL, is six hours in towns, municipalities and mandal headquarters, five hours in district headquarters and four hours in Greater Hyderabad. Villages face up to 10 hours of unscheduled power cuts. However, the study does not include Greater Hyderabad.After the study, districts which draw more power would have longer outages. Official sources said the CPDCL gets about 4000 mega watts (MWs) of power every day, which was being distributed to the seven districts. Consumption of power was maximum in Nalgonda, where about 800 MW is being utilised during peak season and 370 to 400 MWs in Kurnool district. As there is compulsion to provide power to agriculture sector, the CPDCL is drawing more power than allocated to it.\"The CPDCL is analyzing consumer data, consumption patterns of both domestic and commercial category, every hour load, agricultural load and power utilization discipline in rural circles (districts),\" an official of the CPDCL said. With regard to Greater Hyderabad, the four-hour daily outage might continue for some more time though there is a fall in power consumption. Till last week, Greater Hyderabad was consuming 1,650-1,700 MWs per day, but now it has come down to 1400 MWs. However, there might not be any change in the load relief in the city as power generation was hit due to technical problems in thermal units.Officials said generation of 600 MWs of power was affected in Kothagudem, Vijayawada and Rayalaseema thermal power units (200 MWs each) apart from 500 MWs at Simhadri thermal power plant in Visakhapatnam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16986954", "title": "Youths attack cops on patrol in Mohali", "text": "MOHALI: More than a dozen youths attacked two personnel attached with the police control room with sharp-edged and blunt weapons in the market of Phase III-B2, Mohali, on late Friday night.The injured constables, Ravinder Singh and Purshotam Dass, were on routine patrolling on a motorcycle when they were attacked around 12.30am. Purshotam said the youths were creating a ruckus in the market and attacked them when they were asked to leave. Ravinder received multiple fractures and was admitted at civil hospital in Phase-VI, Mohali.Police registered a case of attempt to murder and under Arms Act against 12 unidentified youths who were in three vehicles at Mataur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985637", "title": "Essel brings down MSEDCL arrears to Rs105 crore", "text": "NAGPUR: Spanco's tie-up with Essel Utilities for the Nagpur power franchisee operations has finally started bearing fruit for MSEDCL with the franchisee arrears coming down to Rs105 crore from Rs250 crore some three months ago.Unable to secure bank loans, Spanco was forced to sell majority stake in Spanco Nagpur Discom Limited (SNDL), its special purpose vehicle for Nagpur operations, to Essel. Now SNDL's board of directors has three representatives of Essel, one of Spanco and one of Bessemer Venture Partners (BVP), which had invested Rs80 crore in SNDL some months ago. Soon after becoming the majority partner, Essel paid Rs50 crore to MSEDCL in September and another Rs75 crore recently. It has paid a post dated cheque of Rs85 crore that will be encashed on November 18.Meanwhile, Essel's preparations to take over Nagpur franchisee operations from Spanco are in full swing and the company hopes to complete it by Diwali. The company has decided to make a public announcement of the take over once all the formalities are over.Spanco had miserably failed to pay MSEDCL's monthly bills and consequently its arrears reached Rs200 crore by 2011 end. Then, it kept fluctuating between Rs210 crore and Rs260 crore. MSEDCL is in process of appointing a franchisee for Shil, Mumbra and Kalwa areas of Thane district. Spanco's arrears had become a huge embarrassment for it and it changed its lenient attitude towards the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986145", "title": "Man gets full medical insurance after 2 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-based consumer forum has awarded a man complete claim for his hospital bill for the hernia surgery that he underwent.Pravinchandra Soni had underwent hernia surgery in 2009 and had paid a bill of Rs 24,010. The insurance company - Oriental Insurance Company Ltd- only partially settled the claim and limited the amount to Rs 9,300 only. The insurance company said that the insurance cover was given under the Universal Health plan in 2004 and it was converted into a mediclaim policy at a later stage. The new plan stated that treatment for hernia was excluded for a period of two years. As the operation was performed within the first year of the new plan, the company is not liable to pay the entire cost of the operation.Consumer Education and Research Society moved Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, Ahmedabad (City) on Soni's behalf. The forum in a recent order has accepted a plea objecting to unfair trade practice adopted by Oriental Insurance. The forum headed by the President A K Aswani has directed the insurance company to pay Rs 24,776 (Rs.15000 - limit for hernia as per old insurance plan and Rs 9776 (extra amount charged for premium of 2 years) with 9% interest from October 7, 2009. The forum also awarded Rs 2,000 towards litigation cost and Rs 3,000 as a compensation for the agony faced by Soni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16992001", "title": "Narain Karthikeyan couldn't show his power in HRT, feels David Coulthard", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: India doesn't have a legacy in Formula One drivers but Narain Karthikeyan is a \"talented driver who could have done wonders had he be racing for any other team\" than minnows Hispania Racing (HRT), feels former multiple Grand Prix winner David Coulthard .Handicapped by his not so advanced car, Karthikeyan and his team HRT is languishing at the bottom of the 2012 Formula One Championship, but Coulthard said it would be injustice to judge the Indian's driving skills merely on standings.\"Narain is a great driver and there is no doubt that he would done much better in any other team,\" the Briton, who made his debut in 1994 and won 13 GPs in a career spanning 15 seasons, said in an interview.\"It's a fact that there hasn't been a legacy of previous Indian drivers, but you cannot show your power in a HRT car,\" Coulthard said about Karthikeyan, the lone Indian driver in the F1 circuit.Coulthard, who made his debut in 1994 and won 13 GPs in a career spanning 15 seasons, gave a thumbs up to the Indian GP, which is only into its second year.\"The Indian GP is fantastic. India is a huge country. It has a rich culture and we all enjoy it. We get a great welcome here. Every driver and F1 team members enjoy staying here.\"The guys (drivers) said that they have liked this circuit very much.\"Asked whether he would have liked to have a drive at the BIC here, Coulthard said, \"Of course, it would have been great to drive around the track but I don't miss it because I had a great opportunity in my life.\"Twice a winner in Monaco, Coulthard was a team-mate to Mika Hakkinen in the Finn's two Drivers' Championship-winning seasons for McLaren Mercedes before helping establish the Red Bull team.His last stint in F1 was with Red Bull from 2005 to 2008 before later joining the team as consultant.So, when asked about Red Bull's secret of success, Coulthard was quick to respond.\"My hundred percent focus is on winning Formula One races. Ferrari , McLaren are in the same league but I think for Red Bull, it's just about giving 100 per cent to their job.\"\"In F1, it's all about developing prototypes, innovations, and Red Bull possess a team of extremely efficient engineers led by Adrian Newey ,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990160", "title": "Get your fats right", "text": "From zeroing in on the right combination of oils and their correct usage, to knowing the good fats from the bad ones, here's some kitchen wisdom we could all use.First let's start with the fact \u2014 fat is not necessarily bad. In fact, fat is integral to our health. Unfortunately, due to a lot of misinformation, fat has become a bad word in a skinny-aspiring world. There are good fats or essential fats, and bad fats. The key is to know the sources of both and strike the right balance. The body definitely requires some essential fatty acids. 20-30 per cent of total calories in a diet must come from fats. Sources of good fat include nuts, seeds, fatty fish and cold pressed oils. Foods containing monounsaturated fats (MUFA) reduce low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, which makes them desirable for the body.MUFA are found in mustard, rice bran, sesame, rapeseed, groundnut and olive oil. Along with the quantity of fat, the quality of fat is also important. A diet high in MUFA, with no transfats can be helpful. Fried food contains the undesirable and fattening trans-fatty acids. Sources of trans-fats include food from halwais, cheap eateries, Indian snacks like fried namkeens, pakoras, samosa, kachori, paapri chaat, golgappas, tikki, Indian sweets like patisa, gulab jamun, jalebi, imarti and majority of Indian preparations at dhabas or restaurants like dal makhni, butter chicken and shahi paneer. Choose a variety of vegetable oils instead of a single source. This is because most of the vegetable oils don't have an ideal mix of fats. Go for blended oils such as mustard, canola, sesame, rice bran and olive oil.Kick refined oils out of the window. They have dominated the Indian households for two decades now, giving us imbalanced fats and are responsible for various heart problems, cancer , gall bladder stones and for disturbing the overall immune system.High heat refining takes the oil to a very high temperature where its goodness (vitamins and antioxidants) gets destroyed. Therefore, choose less-refined or cold pressed oils instead. They retain all their flavour, aroma, and nutritional value. Olive, peanut and sunflower are among the oils that are obtained through cold pressing.Do not heat the oil without food for more than a minute.Oils with high smoking point should be chosen for frying. Smoking point of an oil is the temperature at which it starts emitting a blue haze, indicating formation of decomposition products.Most vegetable oils have adequately high smoking points while butter and coconut oil are not suitable for frying due to low smoking point.What's even better than using the best oils is to substitute it with their original sources. For instance, have sunflower seeds, peanuts and almonds instead of their oil variations.The writer is a clinical nutritionist and founder of theweightmonitor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989353", "title": "Party revellers party hard with DJ Ugain and Sammy", "text": "The nip is in the air, which is all the more reason to head to a club with your fave people and party hard. During the Puja weekend, there was a packed dance floor at The Shimmers on Sashthi.PYTs and their handsome dates made the most of the groovy night. There was fun and bonhomie all around and we spotted a very lucky Sam who turned quite a few heads with the company he had, the very beautiful and hot Kiran and Sneha. As DJs Ugain and Sammy upped the ante with the latest international chartbusters and Bolly hits, it was Hands up in the air for the partygoers all through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16988926", "title": "HC seeks Jamia University's response on student's plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Jamia Millia Islamia has been asked by the Delhi High Court to respond to a plea by a student against denial of admission for Masters degree in Persian language in the current session of the university.A bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw sought the university's response to the student's plea challenging the order of the court's single-judge bench, dismissing his plea earlier against denial of the admission.Issuing notice to Jamia and its vice-chancellor, the division bench sought their replies by November 9 on Hamidur Rahman's plea, filed through counsel Sitab Ali Chaudhary.In his plea, Rahman has alleged he was denied admission as he had sought the high court's direction to the university to hold students union elections, suspended since 2006.Challenging the single-judge bench's order, Rahman said, \"the single judge has failed to appreciate that the action of the university and the vice-chancellor in denying him admission had only one object and tendency i.e. to coerce and pressurise him to withdraw the pending plea for restoration of democracy and teaching him as well as to other students a lesson not to raise their voice against injustice...\"Rahman said he is a meritorious student and more than 10 seats were left vacant as of now.\"The action of the university is illegal, malafide, discriminatory, unjust, unwarranted, uncalled for, tyrant, biased and without jurisdiction and thus liable to be quashed or set aside by this court as the same cannot stand the scrutiny of law,\" Rahman said in his plea.Rahman said he had applied for MA (Persian) for 2012-13 session on May 7 and in July he had appeared for the viva voce but he was denied admission.The single judge had dismissed Rahman's plea on October 5, after accepting Jamia's argument that Rahman was denied admission as \"he had misconducted himself during the interview and complaints were received against him from the directors of the various centres. Based on the complaints, the vice-chancellor was of the view that Rahman was trying to secure admission on the rolls of the University to create disarray, annoyance and to disturb the peace.\"The single judge upheld the vice-chancellor's decision and said, \"In my view, in case the complaints were brought to the notice of the vice-chancellor and the vice-chancellor did not take any action it would amount to not exercising discretion, which is vested in him, as it would lead to indiscipline in the campus.\"The peace, tranquillity and carrier of a large number of students cannot be jeopardised and their lives cannot be paralysed by the act of one individual as serious students would be adversely affected in case the atmosphere of the institution is polluted by even a single student,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16987337", "title": "Cops to ease workload with e-challans", "text": "LUDHIANA: The traffic police is all set to go hi-tech with introduction of the e-challaning system. This would equip police to streamline the process and also identify habitual offenders easily. Ludhiana police commissioner Ishwar Singh said they would start this system on trial basis. A non-government organization is being roped in for the purpose which would provide a tablet and a printer to the cops.He said the tablet would be equipped with wireless Internet that would enable its connection to the server for database access. \"If the testing succeeds, we shall send a proposal to the state government to arrange for more equipment\".Explaining working of the system, Sunil Saini who is assisting police in this regard, said: \"The traffic cop would use a software installed on the tablet to issue the challan. A copy of the online challan would be printed using a Bluetooth printer paired with the tablet.\"Gagan Jain, who lives at Sundar Nagar, said, \"This is definitely a good initiative. It is high time that police use technology in their working. This way, policing would be more organized and efficient.\"A B Sharma, who is a retired banker and a resident of Aman Nagar, said: \"Traffic problems can be addressed in a far better manner using modern technology. The tedious process of paper challans can be replaced with present day technology.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985616", "title": "Wild dog sighted in Pohara jungle", "text": "NAGPUR: Two bird watchers, on Friday morning, reported sighting a wild dog in the Pohara-Malkhed reserve forest near Amravati. Yadav Tarte and Milind Kulkarni claimed that they spotted the animal at around 8.30 in the morning. It is said to be the first sighting of the animal in the area.\"Wild dogs prefer thick forests but this one was seen roaming in the area where the forest is the thinnest. Such sightings are very rare and it is the first in this area,\" said Yadav Tarte.He said that they immediately took photographs of the wild dog and later on showed it to the conservator of forest of Amravati division, Mukesh Ganatra. \"He confirmed that the animal in the photographs was a wild dog and that it has been sighted in the area for the first time,\" said Tarte.Ganatra told TOI that sighting of wild dogs in such forest area was very rare. \"They came to me with photographs and the animal in the photo was a wild dog. I have been here only for a year and I think it is the first sighting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16991489", "title": "Surat gets air connectivity with Chandigarh and Amritsar", "text": "SURAT: With the extension of services to Chandigarh, Amritsar and Srinagar from Mumbai private airline carrier Spice jet has connected Diamond city of Surat with these important business and tourist destination of North India.Spice jet already operates a daily flight connecting Surat with Delhi and Mumbai . Now, the morning flight that comes from Delhi to Surat and goes to Mumbai will fly to Chandigarh on Mondays, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday after a brief halt at Mumbai. Where as for remaining three days it will fly to Amritsar from Mumbai.An official of the private carrier said that in near future they would connect Srinagar with Surat-Mumbai via Amritsar.Business community of Surat has been demanding direct air connectivity to places like Amritsar, Jaipur, Indore, Hyderabad, and other places from last few months. Large number of Textile businessmen who deal with traders in Amritsar and Chandigarh are upbeat about this connectivity and feel that this will serve a purpose of boosting art silk textile trade of the city which is staring down the barrel in terms of share of business in Textile market. \"We have a shift to cotton and Surat Textile is based on art silk. We expect this connectivity will help us in short and long term basis.\"Said a Textile Dying mill owner of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987577", "title": "No, minister", "text": "Ashok Khemka is not the only one. There are many like him in government service who have been penalised for their honesty with frequent transfers. Sunday Times profiles a select few who put their foot down and were promptly shunted out.He may not have hit headlines like Ashok Khemka did recently . But for those who know him, 44-year-old Kerala cadre IAS officer Raju Narayanswamy has a similar penchant for not bow-towing to his political masters . As a result, Swamy has already been transferred 24 times in his 20-year career. The brilliant IIT Chennai graduate who has a history of topping all his exams, could have had his pick of a career but he chose the Civil Services \u2014 and proceeded to secure the All India first rank there too. But soon after joining service, he began to feel the heat especially after taking decisions which had politicians squirming. As the district collector of Kottayam, Swamy conducted massive raids on food grain godowns which revealed the nexus between officials and businessmen. In 2007, he earned the wrath of many politicians by overseeing 'Operation Munnar' which saw the grounding of several unauthorised buildings including a party office. Needless to say, he was promptly transferred. For many months, the officer \u2014 who has written around 25 books \u2014 was in the wilderness having been posted to insignificant departments before getting the civil supplies commissioner's post. At present, he is on shortterm deputation as a central election observer \u2014 a posting,which those close to him say he prefers, since it gives him enough room to work without any political interference. Frequent transfers, though, are not just the bane of the IAS. Jharkhand state administrative service officer, Khurshid Anwar, known for being an upright and fearless officer, holds somewhat of a record \u2014 he's been transferred 56 times in a 36-year long career. Anwar say that many times, his transfer orders came within a span of a few days. Some have come after he spoke out publicly against the rot in the system.Five years ago, as the ADM (law and order) of Palamu, he called his political bosses corrupt at a public meeting in Chainpur adding that \"no block development officer or circle officer can be honest in the present system as they get posted only after paying a bribe.\" The very next day, he got marching orders from the Madhu Kodaled state government. Now approaching retirement (he is due to retire next year), Anwar says he is sceptical whether honest and upright officers can ever get their due in government service. His experiences have also made him bitter: \"I have realized that it is worthless to sell mirrors in a city of blind men.\" However, not everyone shares this scepticism. 1967-batch IAS officer Arun Bhatia who went public with his fight against corruption when in service , says that he is continuing the fight even after retirement, having twice contested the Pune Lok Sabha seat as an independent candidate.The Maharashtra cadre officer who was transferred 26 times in a 26-year tenure, unearthed a series of scams starting from his stint as collector of Mumbai in 1983, when he found that a number of builders had altered records to consume extra Floor Space Index. As district collector in Dhule, he exposed a scam in the employment guarantee scheme and as Pune divisional commissioner in 1999, he initiated an inquiry against 102 officers, mainly talathis and circle officers of the revenue department, for taking bribes while making land mutation entries.The result of most of these exposes , he says, was that he was summarily shunted out. \"Every time I was transferred, I was angry and frustrated,\" he says. \"The transfers were usually punishment postings to positions where there was not much to do. I realised that when you detect corruption and expose it, you are all by yourself. The government does not support you.\"For many officers, the government , far from supporting, has often turned vindictive. In Gujarat, Rahul Sharma , a 1992 batch IPS officer, has been at the receiving end of constant shunt-outs due to what many believe, his pro-active role during the 2002 Gujarat riots.Posted as the district superintendent in Bhavnagar, Sharma saved about 400 Muslim children from an irate mob that had surrounded a madrassa in 2002, but he was transferred out on April 8 \u2014 38 days after taking charge. He was shifted as deputy commissioner in charge of the control room in Ahmedabad and was asked to assist in investigating three of the worst massacres of 2002. Sharma procured cellphone call details of political leaders, bureaucrats and rioters. Less than a week after he procured the CDs, he was shunted out of the probe and sent to the State Reserve Police at Vav near Surat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16985363", "title": "Now, direct flight to Delhi from Indore", "text": "INDORE: High-flying Indoreans have a reason to cheer. Travellers from the state's commercial capital can now fly directly to Delhi.In a decision which could turn out to be a booster to cash in the Kingfisher's loss, Air India has announced direct flight flying on Mumbai-Indore-Delhi route. The services promises better flight schedule, cutting nearly 1 hour 10 minutes flying time and will be easy on pockets as well. A similar and separate flight will operate directly from Bhopal to Delhi.Air India will start the service from November 4. It used to operate on Mumbai-Indore-Bhopal-Delhi route.Frequent flyers from Indore to the metros believe that new flight will save their precious time. Diwakar Shah, a frequent flyer, said, \"There is no traffic from Bhopal to Delhi route. The new flight schedule will attract traffic and suit the purpose of frequent flyers from the city.\" Another flyer, Dr Dev Patodi said, \"After Kingfisher winding its operations, flight cost went up. But with Air India coming with better flight schedule and connectivity, more passengers will fly from the city.\"The company is also introducing airbus 320, a larger version than of airbus 319 operating earlier on the route. The new airbus will be a respite for the passengers who take connecting international flights. The direct flight from the city will also give more number of seats available for the passengers flying from the city. T K Jose of Jose Travallers said, \"Earlier when flight used to stop at Bhopal, only 40-50 seats were available for the Indore passengers but now nearly 158 seats will be available for them. International passengers will get more time to take connecting international flights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985808", "title": "Tughlaq-era bridge found in Nizamuddin", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Tughlaq-era bridge was recently unearthed inside a tiny DDA park within the Nizamuddin basti area. Most of the park, alongside a dingy lane, has been encroached upon by a family of squatters; it was an aborted attempt by one of the occupants to expand his dwelling by digging up large portions of the park that led to the discovery of the arch-shaped structure. Attempts to start construction at the site of excavation were thwarted by the locals, who lodged a police complaint and got the beginnings of a building demolished.The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has now been asked to inspect the bridge, portions of which were damaged before the police intervened. The park is located opposite a municipal school but there were no traces of the bridge earlier as it was below ground level. Only the arch shape of the bridge can be seen above the ground level with typical Tughlaq architecture.Historians claim the bridge is from the same period as Hazrat Nizamuddin Auliya. Several monumental buildings were built in Nizamuddin Basti during this period, such as the Khilji-era Jamat Khana mosque and the Tughlaq-era Nizamuddin Baoli. \"It is possible that this was one of the structures built during the sufi saints' time to allow people to cross the Barapullah nullah, which used to be a big stream in the 14th century,\" said a historian.During the Tughalq-era, a small fortification was also built to enclose the dargah, only small portions of which still remain. The park where the structure has been found is just one of the small neighbourhood parks owned by DDA. There are several such parks at the edge of the basti.Following an MoU between DDA and Aga Khan Trust for Culture (AKTC), three of these parks have been carefully landscaped for community use. AKTC officials have been requesting DDA to remove encroachments from this park, so that it can be landscaped for community use. Residents say the area is populated by squatters and drug peddlers, and in an area like Hazrat Nizamuddin Basti, which is home to over 30,000 people and sees millions of annual pilgrims, open space is at a premium. \"If the DDA is able to reclaim the park, the newly discovered structure can be conserved and the park landscaped. At present, even entering the park occasions a violent response from encroachers, which is unfortunate,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16986185", "title": "New hope for garbage-free Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: The garbage mess on Calangute beach may reduce this season with the tourism department deciding to entrust the village panchayat with the job of collecting and disposing off of garbage on the beach and from beach shacks.Senior officials of the tourism department informed STOI that they have decided to try out a new approach to the problem by involving the village panchayats of Calangute and Candolim.Because of fears that garbage would affect tourism in the belt, the village panchayats had proposed that they be allowed to clear the garbage. The proposal has now been accepted by the tourism department, deputy director Hanumant Parsekar told STOI.Calangute panchayat member Joseph Sequeira said that the panchayat has already acquired and equipped two jeeps which would collect garbage from the shacks and beaches every day. He said that the panchayat, through a contractor, has also employed labourers to clean the beaches daily and ensure that no garbage accumulates anywhere. The jeeps have been sponsored by resorts in Calangute.The garbage problem on the Calangute-Candolim beach-belt had grown in recent times. The problem had come about because the tourism department would insist on appointing their own contractor to clear the garbage from beaches and beach shacks. The contractor was then unable to clear garbage from the beach stretch because there wasno place to dispose off the garbage, with the respective panchayats refusing to allow the contractor to dump garbage in their garbage disposal sites.A member of one of the panchayats alleged that the whole thing was a scam. \"The contractor is paid in full despite the fact that he does not clear the garbage,\" he said. But there does not seem to be any solution in sight for the dirty sand on long stretches of this beach, particularly near the main entrance and at the end of holiday street. Because of the thousands of tourists who walk up and down the beach, the sand is full of broken bottles, broken plastic cups, spoons, forks, torn cigarette packs and other junk.The garbage slowly settles down deeper into the sand. Though the tourism department had purchased a mechanized sand cleaning machine, efforts in that respect were ultimately abandoned, says Parsekar.\"It was finally sold as scrap, because we could not get spare parts, etc,\" he said. Panchayat members of both Calangute and Candolim expressed helplessness over the matter. Interestingly, all panch members of the Calangute panchayat recently visited Dubai to see how a global destination like Dubai manages to keep its streets and tourist attractions clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986899", "title": "Bijapur will host all-India Kannada event in February", "text": "BANGALORE: The 79th Akhila Bharata Kannada Sahitya Sammelana will be held in Bijapur on February 8, 9 and 10 next year. Bijapur is hosting such an event after 90 years. The ninth edition of the event was held here in 1923. Kannada Sahithya Parishath president Pundalika Halambi said, \"It had been decided to conduct the event at Sainik School Grounds in Bijapur. About 79 books and a souvenir will be released to commemorate the occasion.\"Clouds of uncertainly had loomed large over the event in view of unprecedented drought in the state followed by the Cauvery agitation. Artists across the state have been invited to design an emblem depicting the history and culture of Bijapur district. The emblem, to be finalised by a committee on October 29, will be released on November 1, the Kannada Rajyotsava Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16986289", "title": "Bouquet of plays to greet theatre lovers this winter", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If winter comes, can theatre be far behind? Theatre lovers in Bhubaneswar are in for a treat with a number of impressive productions lined up in the city beginning this winter. With the theatre season all set to begin, the city will witness some traditional, modern as well as experimental plays this year.\"The theatre scene is fast changing in the city. Earlier, theatre groups used to stage plays during a particular period of the year, but these days, two plays are staged during the Natya dhara programme every month while theatre organizations also conduct shows at regular intervals. Most importantly, the shows are running houseful,\" said Haren Sahoo of Pancham Veda theatre group. The group will stage 'Bhakta Angada Singh' on October 31 at Rabindra Mandap during Jagannathayan programe. Besides, Pancham Veda will organize its annual state-level drama festival from January 21 to 25.Similarly on November 3, 4 and 5, Uttarayani Club of Jatani will stage a play, 'Mankada', at Bhanjakala Mandap while on November 8 Bhumika group from Balangir will stage 'Charandas Chor' directed by Chittaranjan Dash.\"Theatre lovers eagerly wait for winter every year when a series of theatre festivals are organized in the city. We also try to present something new to the audience every year,\" said Dhirendra Mallik of Satabdira Kalakar. The 14th multi-lingual drama festival organized by Satabdira Kalakar will be held in the city during February 19 to 25, where plays from Jammu and Kashmir , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and West Bengal will be staged alongside three Odia plays, he informed. The state-sponsored National Drama Festival will be held from January 13 to 17. This year, a couple of new groups will also host theatre festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986995", "title": "Bad health triggers suicides", "text": "BANGALORE: Nagging ailments claimed the lives of a 15-year-old student and 26-year oldmother in different incidents in the city. Worse, the mother killed her two daughters, including a two-month-old infant, before ending her life in Ramanagaram late Friday night.Allegedly depressed over her health condition and poor academic performance, a 15-year-old class X student hanged herself at her Benson Town residence late Friday night. The deceased is Shilpa Srinivas, a student of Gulabi High School in Benson Town. According to JC Nagar police, Shilpa was alone at home when she took the extreme step. Shilpa's father Srinivas is a small time contractor while mother is a homemaker.Shilpa is survived by her parents and younger brother. The body was shifted to Bowring hospital for autopsy and later handed over to bereaved family members on Saturday noon. According to Srinivas, his daughter suffered from acute stomach pain which affected her studies. \"Earlier she performed well in exams. She was ill for the past one year and could not study properly,\" Srinivas said. Srinivas and his wife returned home at 10 pm only to find the door locked. \"There was no response and we peeped through the window and found her hanging,\" he said.Woman kills 2 kids, herselfA 26-year-old mother strangled her two daughters, including a two-month-old infant to death, before committing suicide in Somadevanahalli, Magadi, in Ramanagaram. The deceased are Radha Dodda Honnappa, her four-year-old daughter Yamuna and twomonth-old Yashoda. Police investigations revealed that Radha first strangled her daughters using a sari and later hanged herself.Her husband Dodda Honnappa, a private factory employee, was working in night shift and returned home on Saturday morning only to find his entire family dead. Radha's mother Tayamma told the police that her daughter was depressed over her ill-health. \"She was treated at many places but in vain. She thought she may die and began worrying over her children's future of late,\" she said.23-year-old kills herself in PGLatha Panduranga , a 23-year-old Commerce graduate who arrived in the city from Kuwait, allegedly hanged herself at her paying guest accommodation in Yeshwantpur in the wee hours of Saturday.Latha's roommate Shilpa, an employee with TCS, returned to the room around 8am and found her hanging. A suicide note said: \"I didn't become a good daughter for parents. No one is responsible for my death.\" Latha's mother works in Kuwait while her father Panduranga lives in Bommanahalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987172", "title": "Drunk man points gun at wife, arrested", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An intoxicated man was arrested for threatening his wife with a gun at their home in Burail in Sector 45 on Friday night. A country-made weapon and seven live cartridges were recovered from house of the accused Inderjit Singh, 37. Sources said that his wife Sukhwinder Kaur pleaded for mercy to save herself.The incident happened around 10.45pm and medical examination of the accused confirmed presence of large amounts of alcohol in his body. Sources said the couple had strained relations for one and a half years, and had recently been united after a counselling session with the Crime Against Women (CAW) cell.In her complaint to the police, the woman alleged: \"Inderjit was angry with me because my brother had borrowed money from his (Inderjit) close friend but had not returned the amount. Inderjit usually thrashes me under influence of alcohol.\"The woman said that she was not aware of presence of a weapon in the house and came to know only when Inderjit pointed it at her chest. SHO of Sector-34 police station Kirpal Singh said: \"The bullet hit the ground and the empty shell was recovered. The woman has been shifted to her maternal house in Sector 41 and a case has been registered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16990824", "title": "Two bitter critics of Mamata from West Bengal in UPA government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress has sent out a clear signal of taking the ruling Trinamool Congress in West Bengal head on by making three leaders from the state as Union Ministers, two of them bitter critics of Mamata Banerjee .Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury and Deepa Dasmunshi are known detractors of Banerjee, who parted ways with the UPA government two months back after growing acrimony over a host of issues.Both Chowdhury and Dasmunshi, as also Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury, have been elected from constituencies in North Bengal, a bastion of the Congress.The move is significant as it comes ahead of the panchayat elections in the state at a time when Banerjee is making attempts to marginalise the Congress.Banerjee had led a Trinamool Congress-Congress alliance to power one and a half years ago, ousting the Left Front which ruled West Bengal for three decades.While 74-year old Khan Choudhury represents Maldaha Dakshin, the party's stronghold for the last nearly four decades, Adhir Ranjan (56) and Dasmunshi (52) represent Berhampore and Raiganj constituencies.\"I am happy over the induction of all the three leaders into the government. They are most deserving,\" AICC leader Shakeel Ahmed, who is in-charge of party affairs in West Bengal, told PTI.He said that four names were discussed, including that of Pradip Bhattacharya indicating that he would continue as the WBPCC President.Pranab Mukherjee, who has now become the President, was the lone Congress Minister from West Bengal at the Centre till be moved to Rashtrapati Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985575", "title": "Dwarka to get Haj House", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government will build a Haj house, bigger than the one at Mumbai and equipped with all modern facilities, at Dwarka, said parliamentary secretary to chief minister and CLP spokesperson Mukesh Sharma on Saturday.Sharma, addressing a gathering on the occasion of Eid-ul-Zuha at Bindapur, also said the city government has been providing computers in madrassas apart from appointing Urdu teachers in large number.\"Delhi Wakf Board would oversee the construction of Noor Masjid at Bhogal for which 400 metre land has been made available,\" he said, adding a Kabristan at Hastsal would be constructed by Delhi government for which two acre land has been made available. Another Kabristan over a piece of land measuring 3.5 acre would be constructed in Dwarka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985676", "title": "Toddler locks himself in flat, rescued", "text": "PUNE: A two-and-a-half year old boy, who had locked himself in the house, was rescued by the fire brigade on Saturday evening. The incident took place in Pratima Heights, Kasba Peth, near Shaniwarwada.Vedanta Kadu locked the latch of the flat's front door from inside while playing. His parents had gone to meet a neighbour. Vedanta did not respond to his parent's repeated knocks after they returned home at 5 pm. The parents alerted the fire brigade in Kasba Peth.On reaching the spot, fireman Anil Karde found that the door could not be broken as it would injure the boy, who was standing near the door.Karde reached the window of the second-floor flat using a ladder, taking another child with him. He asked the boy to tell Vedanta to move away from the door.\"As soon as Vedanta moved aside, the firemen hit the latch with a bamboo stick and opened the door. We opened the door within 15 minutes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16985454", "title": "X-299 is a 'dispatch order' number: Digvijay Singh", "text": "INDORE: Breaking his silence over secret code 'X-299' in Indore Treasure Island Land scam, being probed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), on the directives of high court, former MP chief minister Digvijay Singh on Saturday revealed that the code was a 'dispatch order' of the file sent to the then chief secretary.Talking to the media, the Congress leader said, \"Had the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) asked what X-299 really meant during the inquiry ordered by the present BJP government, I would have decoded it to the investigating agency,\" he said claiming that even MP minister Babulal Gaur had expressed satisfaction over the inquiry.Coming down heavily on BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , the AICC general secretary said, \"He (Gadkari) must face the media and reply queries pertaining to allegations in fake addresses and names of directors.\" He claimed that even a driver of Gadkari has a flat in the Adarsha Housing Society residential complex in Mumbai.The Congress leader accused Gadkari of having helped his friend and business partner Ajay Sancheti in getting coal blocks in Chhattisgarh at cheaper rates. Referring to CAG report on coal block allotment, he said that Chhattisgarh government had allotted coal blocks to Sancheti at behest of Gadkari for Rs 129 per tonne whereas the neighbouring coal block is fetching Rs 530 per tonne, thus causing huge losses to the exchequer. Criticising the BJP, Singh said there was no mention of prime minister's name in the CAG report and still the BJP has been demanding his resignation. \"Why doesn't it demand resignation from Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh ,\" he said.Digvijay Singh claimed that his predictions on Arvind Kejriwal , Anna Hazare , Ramdev Baba and Sri Sri Ravishankar have come true. \"Why are the anti-graft crusaders not speaking against the BJP national president,\" said Singh adding that it was because they are hand-in-glove.On IAC member Arvind Kejriwal's allegations against Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra, he said that Vadra was not a politician and there has been distribution of unsecured loans by the DLF to many others too. \"I too have been receiving complaints against Gadkari's son, foster son of former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee , son of MP minister Kailash Vijayvargiya and former deputy PM L K Advani's son,\" he said adding that he would not entertain complaints unless they are genuine.Speaking on Madhya Pradesh , Singh said that his party would take up issue of free power supply to farmers in MP. He said that the condition of roads was pathetic in MP and the farmers are being cheated in the name of power supply.Undermining the investors' summit beginning Sunday, Singh said it was nothing but a drive to collect 'chanda' (donation). \"The state government has claimed in the past that 1500 MoUs were singed but ended up getting only 166 MoUs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16985942", "title": "Two booked for digging illegal borewells", "text": "GURGAON: Two persons, who had dug illegal borewells in their land in Bajghera village, were booked by Palam Vihar police. An MCG team has sealed the borewells. After registering the FIR, police are on the lookout for the two accused who are on the run.Acting on a tip-off, a police team raided the village where the accused were getting a borewell dug on their land without getting the requisite permission from the administration. On seeing police, the accused fled the spot. The main accused was identified as Tilu, resident of Bajghera village.\"We have lodged an FIR against the two accused under Section 188 IPC. We are conducting raids to arrest them,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16992574", "title": "Basic amenities is non-existent for most dalit's: Study", "text": "MANGALORE: A study carried out by The Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSEIP), Mangalore University on Dalits in the state reveals that housing of more than 40% of dalit families in select districts of Karnataka is either thatched huts or tiled with mud. However, around 53%houses are constructed with cement wall and tiled, but are constructed and distributed to them under various government schemes and of very poor quality houses.Only 5% of the families have better houses, these are RCC houses. In Kolar, the percentage of RCC houses owned by dalit families is around 17.3% but in the villages of other district is very marginal. In the study area, about 11.7% families do not have any rooms and are living in only one room where this room is used for all purposes. Nearly 34.8% families have one room along with kitchen, around 40.6% families have two rooms and 12.9% families' three room houses.Availability of electricity connection to dalit families in villages is mainly through government schemes, but 79.5% dalit families are having electricity connection. This power connection is for lighting purpose only and quality of lighting is very low with minimum switches or bulbs. Very few dalit families have better lighting, more bulbs and tube lights. Around 20.5% of the families do not have any electricity and are using kerosene fuel for lighting purpose.About 74.8% of dalit families are not having any bathing facilities in their houses, around 8.7% of the families are having this facility in space attached to their houses. Only 9.3% of dalit families in rural areas are having this bathing facility inside their houses. Another 7.2% of families are having this facilities outside the house or separately. Most of the houses are single room or a room with kitchen and space for bathing is not available inside the house.The latrine facility is very important as it plays an important role in hygiene condition and on health of house hold members in the rural area. More than 92.6% of dalit families do not have latrine facilities. The public tap provided by village panchayat is the main source, but this public tap is normally only one tap for all dalit families in most villages as the survey observations. CSEIP carried out this study under a three-year programme sponsored by ICSSR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16985356", "title": "Aditya Patel takes podium in JK Racing Asia", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Aditya Patel emulated his compatriot Akhil Khushlani's effort earlier this year by finishing on the podium in third place after Race One of the JK Racing Asia Series here at the Buddh International Circuit on Saturday.Khushlani, who finished in fourth place in Saturday's race, was the first Indian driver to get a podium in the JK Racing Asia Series race in Silverstone earlier this year. Patel, who was one of the guest drivers in this support race for the Airtel Indian Grand Prix, finished 0.840 seconds behind winner of the race Afiq Ikhwan from Malaysia while Nabil Jeffri came in second.\"Obviously it's a great feeling. It was a really, really tight race. At the end of the day, to finish on the podium was good but it doesn't feel as great to know I could have won the race,\" Patel saidConor Daly dazzles in MRF ChallengeThe most recent addition to the Indian motorsports landscape got off to a good start on Saturday when Conor Daly took a spectacular, lights\u2014to\u2014flag victory in Round 1 of the MRF Challenge at the Buddh International Circuit. The race took place before the Formula One qualifying session and gave the young drivers a chance to show off their moves.The start saw some quick action as Daly charged off the start line from his second place grid position, out-dragging pole-sitter Jordan King to the first corner.Daly, who arrived in India on Friday from a World Series test in Barcelona , had little time to sleep before he pulled out his winning effort. King finished second and reigning FIA Formula 2 champion Luciano Bacheta, who also tested for Williams last week, took third place in the race.Parthiva Sureshwaren and Ashwin Sundar were the only two Indian racers in the field after Parth Ghorpade had an electrical malfunction on his car just minutes before the race started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986775", "title": "Verapoly archdiocese jubilee celebrations to end today", "text": "KOCHI: The 125th anniversary celebrations of the archdiocese of Verapoly will come to a close on Sunday. The valedictory programme of the year-long celebrations will be attended by people from all walks of life.The programme will begin by according a reception to the lighted torch that would be brought from Varappuzha to the venue, St Albert's School ground at 3pm, which would be followed by a mass prayer.Apostolic Nuncio, Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio, will be the chief guest at the event and he will light the jubilee lamp to begin the holy mass. Archbishop Francis Kallarakkal will deliver the welcome speech, and Malankara metropolitan Joshua Mar Ignathios will deliver the ecumenical address. Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio will declare the beginning of the year of faith and Archbishop Francis Kallarakkal will announce the decision of the archdiocese synod.After the holy mass, the public meeting would begin which would be inaugurated by Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan. Chief minister Oommen Chandy will launch 'Snehasparsham', the family empowerment scheme of the archdiocese.Thiruvananthapuram archbishop Soosa Pakiam, Union minister K V Thomas, mayor Tony Chammany and Hibi Eden MLA will also be present to mark the end of the post-centenary silver jubilee celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985987", "title": "DGP can\u2019t transfer inspectors: Tribunal", "text": "MUMBAI: In a setback to the director general of police (DGP, Maharashtra administrative tribunal chairman Justice S Radhakrishnan has held that it was beyond the powers of the DGP to transfer a police inspector, since according to the new rules, only the home minister is empowered to shift PIs.Accordingly, Justice Radhakrishnan has stayed the transfer of police inspectors M M Patil, S G Bothe, Nitin Bhosale, Amrut Deshmukh and Sudhakar Kate. Patil was shifted from Trombay police station to the CID, Bothe from Pune to the CID, Bhosale from Nhava-Sheva to the CID, Deshmukh from Wai to Daund and Kate from Pune to Nagpur city.On August 28, 2006, the home department empowered the DGP to transfer police sub-inspectors, assistant police inspectors and police inspectors, but the order was never notified, as such it had absolutely no legal value. Subsequently, on July 30, 2012, the home department issued a fresh order and withdrew the powers of the DGP to transfer police inspectors, APIs and PSIs. The transfer orders were issued by the then DGP K Subramanian, who retired on July 30.While the state government took the view that according to the August 28, 2006, orders, it was well within the powers of the DGP to transfer PIs, the aggrieved PIs brought to the notice of the tribunal that as per the July 30 order, the DGP's power to shunt out PIs have been clipped. The tribunal accepted the contention of the police inspectors and set aside their transfer orders. However, the tribunal made it clear that if the officers are due for transfers, then the government can shift them provided the order is issued according to the provisions of law. \"We are approaching the high court against the tribunal order,'' a senior home department official said.A senior IPS officer said it was unfortunate the home minister has withdrawn powers of the DGP to shift PSIs, APIs and PIs. \"Now the DGP has become toothless. If R R Patil is serious on strengthening the institution of DGP, he must immediately entrust all the powers to the DGP,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "16985721", "title": "Abduct westerners: Qaida to Muslims", "text": "DUBAI: Al-Qaida leader Ayman al-Zawahri has called on Muslims to abduct westerners, join Syria's rebellion and to ensure Egypt implements sharia, SITE Monitoring reported on Saturday, citing a two-part film posted on Islamist websites.The Egypt-born cleric, who became al-Qaida leader last year after the death of Osama bin Laden , spoke in a message that lasted more than two hours. \"We are seeking, by the help of Allah, to capture others and to incite Muslims to capture the citizens of the countries that are fighting Muslims in order to release our captives,\" he said, praising the kidnapping of Warren Weinstein, a 71-year-old American aid worker in Pakistan last year.Zawahri's message was first released on Wednesday, SITE said, just two weeks after the cleric issued a filmed statement calling for more protests against the US over a California-made film mocking the Prophet Muhammad.In his new message, he called on Muslims to ensure Egypt's revolution continued until sharia law was implemented and urged fellow Muslims to join the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad in Syria.The release of his message had been delayed, he said, because of the \"conditions of the fierce war\" in Afghanistan and Pakistan where he said US-led forces had intensified a bombing campaign.US President Barack Obama , whom Zawahri described as a \"liar\" and \"one of the biggest supporters of Israel\", has stepped up the use of unmanned drones to target militants in both countries as well as in Yemen .In a further attack on western governments and international institutions, Zawahri accused world powers of giving Syrian President Assad \"a licence to kill\" his opponents. \"The UN, (former international negotiator on Syria) Kofi Annan and the Arab League give the al-Assad regime one opportunity after another to end the rising of jihadi, popular resistance against his oppression, injustice, corruption and spoiling,\" Zawahri said.Syria's rebels include Islamist groups that draw on foreign fighters. \"I incite Muslims everywhere, especially in the countries that are contiguous to Syria, to rise up to support their brothers in Syria with all what they can and not to spare anything that they can offer,\" he said.Zawahri, who led the Egyptian Islamic Jihad movement before joining al-Qaida, called on President Mohamed Mursi, the country's new Islamist leader, to explain his policies on Israel, Egyptian Christians and sharia law.Islamist militants want Egypt to introduce sharia and to tear up a 1979 peace treaty with Israel and were dismayed when Mursi said he would appoint a Coptic Christian vice president. reuters", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985763", "title": "'Students untapped forces of social change'", "text": "JAIPUR: 'School children are powerful forces of social change,' was the idea behind organising the two-day District Interact Conference - 'Kaleidoscope, organized by the Interact Committee at an auditorium on JLN Marg.Students from eight schools including one each from Chennai and Sikarand participated in it. The meet exposed them to path-breaking ideas for positive social change and how they can make a contibution to it.A session with Ajit Sharma, a TEDx speaker and moderator, threw light on how students across the globe have drawn attention to some of the most sensitive issues. They offered better suggestions than leaders and experts.\"The session compels us to think beyond the tried and the tested. I would try to make a scientific and intellectual contribution in strengthening the value system of our society,\" said Garima, a student from ChennaiTechnology Entertainment Design (TED) is a global platform which uploads videos of individual/group ideas whch have the potential to bring change in the society.Sharma told TOI, \"Interactions with school kids make us realize that they are a massive force with path- breaking ideas.\"TED has featured a few innovative ideas from Rajasthan including those of social activist, Bunker Roy.Another speaker, Amitabh Shah of Yuva Unstoppable inspired students to teach underprivileged children in their spare time.Speakers unanimously recognized the power of school kids if directed towards social causes.There was also a session on ancient life philosophies conducted by Manish Jain, founder and coordinator of Shikshahantar, Swaraj University. He spoke on societal learning.Jaipur: It's a different class. Here school kids were trained to solve social problems and to ways to create a positive change in the society. Students from eights schools one each from Chennai and Sikar exposed to path breaking ideas for social change at the two day conference 'Kaleidoscope' organized by the Interact committee at a private hall on JLN marg.A session with Ajit Sharma, a TEDx speaker and moderator shared how students across the globe have drawn attentions towards some of the most sensitive issues. Even they had better suggestions than leaders and experts. \"The session has empowered us to think beyond our restricted thinking. I would certainly work towards the needy besides make a scientific and intellectual contribution in strengthening value system of our society,\": said Garima, a student from ChennaiTechnology Entertainment Design (TED) is a global platform which uploads videos of individual/group ideas that has potential to bring change in society. Talking to TOI Sharma, said \"Continuous interaction with school kids make us realized that they are massive force who can come-up with path breaking ideas.\" They have featured few innovative ideas from Rajasthan including those of Social Activist, Bunker Roy.Another speaker, Amitabh Shah of Yuva Unstoppable has also inspired students to spare time and teach children of underprivileged class. Shah told students how they can use the tools of time management to bring a sea change in the lives of others.The main speakers unanimously recognized the power of school kids if directed them towards social causes. Our ancient life philosophies also find a space in the session, Manish Jain, founder and coordinator of Shikshahantar --- Swaraj University spoke on societal learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16985957", "title": "Mall fire exposes chink in Gurgaon's firefighting armour", "text": "GURGAON: The fire that broke out on the ground floor of the MGF Metropolis Mall late on Friday evening not only spread panic among hundreds of people, who were on a festive shopping spree, but also exposed lack of firefighting system and unskilled staff in city malls.Though no casualties or injuries were reported in the incident, which was triggered by a short-circuit, the panic and confusion at the exit points explained how unskilled the mall staff were in handling the exigency.The fire department has now written to all malls and commercial establishments to ensure that the staff are trained in handling a fire. Earlier the police have also issued notices to mall owners to train their staff and arrange necessary equipment for the safety of visitors but nothing much was done in this regard.Chief Fire Officer, Gurgaon, M S Bharadwaj, told TOI the detailed firefighting arrangements would be made before Diwali as there are more chances of fire incidents at the time of sale of crackers. \"But now when festive reason is on and locals are on shopping spree in city malls, we can just keep our systems ready in order to take control over the situation in case of any fire incidents\".Speaking about the Friday evening incident, he said that the firefighting systems were intact, sprinklers, hydrants and other required equipment were functioning properly but there was the issue of untrained staff. \"We are writing to mall owners and other establishments that they should have trained staff, the fire department team will visit the place to physically verify the arrangement,\" he said.On Diwali-related arrangements, Bharadwaj said there are seven points in the city including three fire tenders parked at three points and four fire stations which are ready 24X7 to handle any fire incident. \"Apart from this, there are several private firefighting set-ups installed by Maruti, Honda and DLF which assist us in controlling any untoward incident\" he added.A senior police officer said, \"It is not just the fire and police departments, but the mall owners also play an important role in preventing such incidents by strictly following the norms. Another important issue is crowd management. In such incidents the security staff of the mall should be trained in managing the rush and ensuring safe evacuation, he said and added that Gurgaon police and the Haryana fire service department would conduct mock drills at various places for reality checks of proper fire safety arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16991733", "title": "JPSI gets thumbs up from F1 supremo", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone on Sunday lauded the organisers of the Indian Grand Prix for improving the facilities and also termed the Buddh International Circuit as one of best in the world.\"From what we saw last year, it has been a massive improvement. The good thing is that when there is something wrong they don't run away and hide. They put it right,\" the F1 boss, who celebrated his 82nd birthday said.Last year close to one lakh people had thronged the BIC to watch the inaugural F1 race in the country but this year just over 50,000 people are in attendance.Ecclestone said it was nothing to worry about as it is the case all around the world. However, he said if attendance does not improve in the third year, it will be a concern.\"No. first is always high, second it goes down. Third year is what is important, if it does not go up that is something to worry,\" he said.Asked how India is seen as an F1 host, Ecclestone said, \"The world knows India. It's (circuit) one of the best in the world. We are lucky to have big budgets in Asia.\"Asked what should be the ideal race attendance for a country like India, where the population is close to 1.2 billion.\"It's difficult to answer that since we have competition from what you call that sport, cricket,\" he said.Talking about the much-debated issue of budget cap in the sport, the F1 chief said a cap that covers all the spending of teams is the best way to go forward.\"We are looking at the right way of putting it in. I hate the word cut, it's not the way to go. What we are trying to do is to reduce the money spent, create a sensible budget and not spend a fortune.\"I am talking about the maximum spend including everything (like drivers salary). Once we agree on that in principle then we will take it forward,\" he said.He also said that a decision on a Grand Prix in France will be taken by \"next week\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985783", "title": "Delhi, Pune teams in quarterfinals-finals of NLIU-juris corp national corporate law moot court competition", "text": "BHOPAL: NLIU, Delhi and Symbiosis School of Law, Pune, reached the quarterfinals of the 3rd NLIU-juris corp national corporate law moot court competition on Saturday. In all, 8 teams qualified for the quarterfinals.Displaying strong logic and reasoning, the participating teams of NLIU-Juris Corp National Corporate Law Moot Court Competition contested in the preliminary rounds for the title. The finals will be on Sunday.The judges were impressed by the calibre of the teams. They observed an improvement in the quality and originality of arguments. The teams and the judges were pleased with the change in the competition's format.The teams are initially evaluated on the basis of their memorial marks, known as memorial ceding. After which none of the ceded team faces each other.It follows the dynamic ceding and par sliding method. These methods were adopted by the moot court association of NLIU, Bhopal to ensure that none of the teams having a huge gap in their memorial marks get to wrestle it out against each other in the court room.The competition, which deals with the problem based on the issues relating to corporate and competition law, witnessed participation from 37 teams from across the country.The entire event includes two preliminary rounds from where the best 16 teams battle it out for the last eight. After that, teams will compete for the trophy in the semi-finals and the finals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985813", "title": "Busker Boys hopeful for 'Hindustan Ke Hunarbaz'", "text": "JAIPUR: Seven city lads are trying to dance their way through the finals of a reality show in Mumbai.Dubbed themselves as 'Busker Boys', the seven teens have entered into the finals of the talent show 'Hindustan Ke Hunarbaz', which showcases various talents in the field of music, dance and mono acting. They are now expecting to make city proud by winning the finals.The dance form that fetched them the ticket to the finals is the very famous hip hop dance B-boying which is very rarely practiced in India.\"These boys came to learn various dance forms at our classes in Jaipur. After grueling practice, it was decided that they should represent Jaipur's participants in the talent hunt show 'Hindustan Ke Hunarbaz'. In their performance, the episode of which was aired on October 25, they left the judges, including actor Sonali Bendre , spellbound and entered into the finals,\" said Hemendra Singh Gajawat, director of Busker entertainment where the kids got their training on Saturday.On the B-boying dance form, he said, \"It is an Afro-American dance which showcase stunts on various rhythms and music. It is usually performed on the streets in Afro-American countries.\"\"The judges, including actor Sonali Bendre, were so impressed with our boys that they gave them a ticket to the finals,\" Gajawat said.He said boys are practicing hard to become winners from among 25 other contestants in the finals to earn the Rs 25,000 cash price and gold medals.Showing praises for Ruzan Saxena and Divyam Vijay of the group, Gajawat said, \"Both are fantastic dances as they have earlier experience of participating in TV shows like Dance India Dance and Rock and Roll Family.\"Gajawat said Jaipur is changing in terms of the mentality of the parents who want their kids not just to be confined to the studies.\"When we opened, there were a only few people coming with kids and youngsters for dance classes. With the abundance of TV shows, the youngsters of city are now taking to dancing as a good career option as well,\" Gajawat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16993322", "title": "Health department issues fresh directives regarding medical tests of mentally deficient children", "text": "MUMBAI: The public health department has directed civil surgeons to conduct a proper medical test of mentally deficient children's (MDC). \"The periodical tests of these kids will help indentifying health issues, malnourishment cases and other problems faced by these vulnerable children,\" a senior health department official said.The directives were given by T C Benjamin (additional chief secretary health).Earlier the Bombay High Court had observed that of the total shelter home only 59 per cent of these are registered under the Juvenile Justice Act and a mere 22 per cent homes had even updated medical reports of the children.The health department organized a meeting of civil surgeons and in the meeting the doctors were sensitised about the rules pertaining to the child sexual and physical abuse cases. \"According to the provision of the new act if any individual comes to know about the sexual or physical abuse case, then it will be mandatory for him/her to report about the incident to the police,\" Dr Asha Bajpai, Dean, school of law, said.Meanwhile the department has asked doctors to discontinue old traditional way of testing rape victims and adopt latest forensic science methodology for such tests, if needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16985373", "title": "Man absconding after the murder of his wife, found in a well", "text": "INDORE: The man who allegedly murdered his wife in the intervening night of Thursday and Friday found in a well here on Saturday.Chandan Nagar police in-charge Shivpal Singh Kushwaha said that Sunil Rathore was found in the well at 4.30 pm around when local people noticed a body. He said that his body has been swelled. It means, he jumped in the well after killing his wife, he said adding that police were searching him here and there.In the evening, people informed police about a body in the well. When police brought it out, he was identified as Sunil. He was the resident of Sahyog Nagar. Police sent his body to district hospital for post-mortem.Sunil was absconding after killing his wife Sheetal Rathore over a petty dispute.He was a history-sheeter. He was jailed once for killing one Rishi and released hardly fifteen days back. Police again sent him back under propitiatory orders, said Kushwaha adding that he was again released on Thursday evening only by the effort of his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16991185", "title": "Harbhajan Singh endorses turners for England series", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Senior off-spinner Harbhajan Singh on Sunday joined teammate Virat Kohli in endorsing the idea of preparing turning wickets for the upcoming Test series against England, saying there is nothing wrong in exploiting the home advantage.Harbhajan, who is eyeing a comeback into the Indian Test squad in the upcoming four-Test series, said a complete whitewash would be an ideal revenge for the Indians, who suffered a 0-4 humiliation against England in the away series last year.\"A 4-0 scoreline (in India's favour) would be a good score. We are playing at home, so naturally we will use our experience and conditions. There is no harm in it,\" Harbhajan said on the sidelines of the second Indian Grand Prix at the Buddh International Circuit .Kohli had also recently supported the idea of preparing turning tracks for the England series.Harbhajan, however, feels that Kevin Pietersen's return to the team is a big bonus for England going into the series starting November 9.\"KP's coming back into the team is good for England. His presence will make England stronger,\" said the feisty bowler, who was here with his long-time girlfriend actress Geeta Basra as Ferrari guests.Talking about F1, Harbhajan said he is a big Ferrari and Fernando Alonso fan.\"I have always been a big Ferrari supporter. Alonso is my favourite driver. I have been to Ferrari's garage, met staffs and drivers last year as well,\" he said.He was full of praise for the Indian GP and said the event has only helped in raising India's profile as a sporting nation.\"The Indian GP is a big event. It's a proud moment for India,\" Harbhajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991083", "title": "Kate Moss denies taking heroin and being anorexic", "text": "Kate Moss, who faced a storm of criticism in 1993 when she was labelled as the leader of a new look nicknamed \"heroin chic\", has strenuously denied ever using the drug and claims that she never really cared about what people thought of her.In her new autobiography 'Kate: The Kate Moss Book' , the 38-year-old British fashion icon lifts the lid on how she dealt with the damaging accusations that she said were false.\"If I was anorexic or if I was on heroin, maybe I would have been a bit more 'oh dear!',\" the Daily Mail quoted her as writing in the book serialised by the Daily Mirror.\"But I wasn't any of those things that they were painting me to be,\" she wrote.At the time, even US President Bill Clinton weighed in on the debate and commented on her slim figure and alleged drug use, but Moss never once commented it before now. \"It didn't have anything to do with who I was at all, so I never really thought about it. I just thought, the people who know me know the truth,\" she said.The reason the model never spoke out publicly to defend herself was because she the followed advice by her then boyfriend Johnny Depp , who told her to \"never complain\" and \"never explain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16985268", "title": "Dengue case confirmed in Manipur, alert sounded", "text": "IMPHAL: Health officials of Churachandpur district have sounded a health alert to combat the spread of dengue as a case has been confirmed in the the Kuki-Chin-Mizo-dominated district.Besides spreading awareness on the epidemic, the district's health officials appealed to the people to get their blood tested immediately in case of any suspected symptoms.Having heard the spread of dengue at Chengkhonpang village in the district headquarters a few days back, the district malaria officials went to the village on October 18 and collected blood samples of a 17-year-old girl and woman suspected to be infected of the epidemic, sources said.The two samples were tested positive at the district's rapid diagnostic testing centre and for further confirmation, the same were sent to the state malaria department and later to the microbiology department of the centre-run Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) here, the sources added.However, the two are now out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16986946", "title": "Cops had lathi-charged protest: VTU students", "text": "BELGAUM: Engineering students seeking review of newly introduced critical review system on VTU premises alleged they were lathi-charged by police personnel during their protest.As per this system, students who failed in one subject in the first year will not be allowed to secure admission to the third year. If students failed in one subject in the second year, they won't be allowed to secure admission to the final year. The critical system has detained 30,000 students who won't be permitted to admission to third and four years.Student leader Riteek Raj claimed: \"We got permission from the local police station to stage a five-day hunger strike at the VTU premises from October 25. On October 26 night, all of a sudden police personnel headed by deputy superintendent of police and local sub-inspector scolded us and thrashed us before pushing us away from the premises. Police personnel used filthy language too\".Students demanded that VTU should allow all the 30,000 students to their respective semesters with immediate effect with provision of supplementary exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16985619", "title": "Indian media has no credibility, says Vijay Mallya", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Exactly a week after the government suspended Kingfisher's licence to fly, the airline's near bankrupt chief Vijay Mallya flew in from London on his private jet and headed to the F1 circuit on Saturday and slammed the Indian media.\"You believe that Indian papers have any credibility?\" Mallya said in response to coverage of Kingfisher troubles. \"There is no libel law in India so there is nothing you can do to bring them to book.\"Downplaying the KFA crisis, Mallya in fact blamed the media for \"blowing out of proportion\" the issue that saw an employee's wife committing suicide as the airline had till this week not paid salaries since March.\"My CEO Sanjay Agarwal has said what was to be said. We will recapitalize the airline. We are doing our work (to restart operations) internally and will respond to DGCA. We have infused Rs 1,200 crore into Kingfisher this fiscal since April, 2012. How I do that (recapitalize) is for me to decide and whenever there is something to be conveyed, it will be,\" Mallya said.Mallya walked into the paddock at the Buddh International Circuit , where mediapersons were in a large attendance. If there was speculation about his swagger being muted, he changed that impression the moment he chose to talk.In a tweet ahead of his appearance, Mallya had said, \"At the Buddh International F1 circuit. Sahara Force India qualifying prospects are secondary. Even sports journos focus only on Kingfisher.\" And another said: \"I have learnt the hard way that in India wealth should not be displayed. Better to be a multi billionaire politician dressed in Khadi.\"KFA's licence was suspended last Saturday as the airline had reportedly not paid employees, airports, the tax department and other vendors for months. Its debt-cum-losses topped Rs 15,500 crore.However, Mallya put up a brave front and said he had played a role in reaching a settlement with employees who had threatened protest at the F1 venue as he had been abroad ever since the trouble at Kingfisher took a turn for the worse this month.\"There is no question of any protest or disturbance. First of all you can't get in here and you know that. Outside the track is 15km away and if they wanted to say something to me, they needn't come to Noida, they could have come to my house...I have always been available and if you are trying to say that whatever settlement was reached was without my participation, you are wrong... if I am not at my home grand prix, why should I be anywhere else?\" Mallya said.Reacting to Airports Authority of India looking into legal aspects of seizing his personal Airbus Corporate Jet to recover dues of Rs 293 crore, he said, \"Wonderful. I don't owe anybody money. Why should my plane be at risk. It's so stupid.\"Aviation minister Ajit Singh has spoken of the sick airline and said it is \"very difficult, though not impossible, for it to restart operations\". Accordingly, DGCA chief Arun Mishra has said he will first speak to other stakeholders whom KFA owes money before taking a call on revoking the licence suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16986101", "title": "National Commission for Women head not to attend khap meeting", "text": "ROHTAK: The National Commission for Women (NCW) chairperson Mamata Sharma is unlikely to turn up at the Sunday meeting of Khap panchayats in Rothak even on the invitation of khap leaders to discuss the prevailing situation of Women in Haryana. However, the khap leaders are still hopeful that some representative of NCW would attend their meeting slated for Sunday.The panchayats do not want to let go the opportunity to open a channel of dialogue with the commission and are planning to meet the NCW head in New Delhi on November 5 to discuss the issues. Om Prakash Dhankar, convener of the khap panchayat meeting, on Sunday said that he got message from the NCW chief that she would not be able to participate in the meeting on Sunday.\"I urged her to send some other member to represent her in the meeting and she has given me an assurance. She has also asked us to meet her at her office on November 5,\" he said. Dhankar maintained that it seemed some influential people were not in favour of talking to khap panchayats and want them to be alienated.\"We have been reassuring people that khap panchayats have played constructive role in the past and are still able to work for the betterment of society and to improve the condition of women in Haryana,\" he said, adding that some persons had made uncalled for utterances regarding lowering the marriageable age of girls and khaps were not in agreement of these people on the issue.\"We have even left these persons out of our Sunday meeting to send a message that irrational statements must not be issued on behalf of khap panchayats,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16986148", "title": "Priests' fight delays Lingaraj rituals", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rituals at Lingaraj Temple were affected for around 10 hours on Friday because of a dispute between two groups of servitors, leaving scores of devotees disappointed.The conflict arose because the two groups of priests were claiming their exclusive right over performing puja of dry prasad (dala bhog) in the shrine, temple sources said. They stalled the sacraments from 8.30 am to 6 pm. \"The formal procedure has been restored. We are discussing with various groups to avoid a repeat of a similar situation in future,\" said temple executive officer Abanikant Patnaik.After the state endowment commission, custodian of the temples, permitted the 'Pujapanda' group of priests to deal with the dala bhog some time ago, the 'Badu' priests group had got a stay on the permission from the Orissa high court.Saturday's bickering affecting the Lord's rituals was a repeat of a similar fight on October 8. This was the 11th incidence of the priests squabbling over the issue in recent months.Security shield for places of worshipTo step up security in religious institutions, the state government has identified 42 temples, mosques and churches that will be covered under a Comprehensive Security Plan (CSP). Chief secretary B K Patnaik on Friday asked the police to prepare the CSP within a month in consultation with the concerned temple administrations. Temples that will be included under CSP are Jagannath Temple at Puri, Lingaraj Temple and Iskcon Temple at Bhubaneswar and Sun Temple at Konark, official sources said. Some churches and mosques at Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Ganjam and other districts would also have an enhanced security cordon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990042", "title": "MJ's will is fake, says pal David Gest", "text": "Michael Jackson's oldest pal David Gest has waded into the bitter family feud over his will - by branding it as fake.Reality TV veteran Gest is seething about the way the King of Pop's estimated 1-billion-pound legacy is being handled by powerful lawyers.He spoke as the Jackson clan tore themselves apart over his fortune - and his siblings were left nothing.\"There's a lot of questions about the will,\" the Sun quoted him as saying.\"One of the things people are wondering is how Michael was supposed to have signed that will in LA - when supposedly he was in New York that day.\"If he was in New York, how could he have signed it in LA?\" he said.Gest's accusation echoes claims by some of the late singer's furious brothers and sisters , who say there is evidence he was with family friend Al Sharpton in New York on June 7, 2002.That is the day he is meant to have put his signature on his will.Some family members also claim the initial copy of the will they saw did not have a signature page on it.The terms of the document leave sole control of his estate, growing by millions every day from posthumous record sales, to two lawyers.One is flashy John Branca, the other John McLain, a music chief at Interscope Records.\"I know the family weren't happy,\" Gest said.\"They probably thought they would be running the estate. But it was left to John Branca, who Michael had just gotten back with,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991947", "title": "Ronnie Wood's most treasured possessions up for auction", "text": "Ronnie Wood's most treasured possessions are up for sale as the Rolling Stones guitarist's former wife is auctioning off the contents of their former marital home.As Wood celebrated the Rolling Stones' 50th anniversary with a surprise concert in Paris, his ex-wife marked the collapse of their 24-year marriage in Los Angeles with a sale of some of his most personal belongings.A year on from their divorce, prompted by the guitarist's affair with Ekaterina Ivanova , a 20-year-old Russian waitress, his former wife Jo is selling an estimated 400,000-pounds worth of possessions from Holmwood, the marital home they once shared in Surrey, at an auction in Los Angeles, the Telegraph reported.The sale goes further than just disposing of the odd piece of memorabilia - it represents every aspect of their life together as a couple, and of Wood's years as a musician, including many items from before their marriage.The scale of it had already upset Wood, whose spokesman described him as \"staggered\" that his personal belongings were under offer - but that did not deter Jo from taking her revenge for the end of their marriage.Among the items up for sale were Wood's 1955 Fender Stratocaster guitar, valued at 37,000 pounds and a Steingraeber and Sohne piano, expected to sell for 3,000 pounds, which came with the note: \"Everyone has played this, from Ronnie to Mick Hucknall, Ian McLagan [of Wood's former band the Faces], Mick Jagger [to] Keith Richards.\"Handwritten letters from Jagger, stage outfits worn by Wood on tour and cartoons drawn by John Lennon were among the lots, alongside jeans, jewellery and riding boots worn by him.The sale has angered Wood, who claims that many of the items are not his former wife's to sell.Ahead of the sale, his spokesman said: \"Ronnie is shocked this auction is being misrepresented as a joint sale. This is not the case.\"\"He is staggered that some of the items being offered at the auction are clearly his personal belongings, which did not pass to Jo as part of the divorce proceedings.\"The tour clothes belong to the Rolling Stones and are not hers to sell. Ronnie feels saddened that Jo has taken this course of action and wants the public to know he has not teamed up with Jo on this outrageous sale,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985815", "title": "Gulmohar, neem good for Delhi\u2019s air", "text": "NEW DELHI: Plants' ability to detoxify the air is one of the arguments for saving trees. Now, Delhi University's environmental studies department has fine-tuned that demand by pinpointing the trees most tolerant to pollutants in the capital.The team's analysis of trees at ITO and ISBT, the two major traffic intersections and probably the most polluted, found that kassod (Cassia siemea) had the maximum capacity to absorb pollutants followed by gulmohar. The several other species planted there were sensitive to pollutants.In a similar study published in the Fresenius environment bulletin, researchers studied the plant varieties at Jagatpur Gaon, the precincts of Sangam Vihar, Gandhi Vihar and traffic intersections at Vasant Vihar.Biochemical analysis of the plants showed that castor oil plant and vilayati babul (Prospis juliflora) act as air purifiers. In hilly areas adjacent to Vasant Vihar, neem trees were found to be very tolerant.\"We want to create a database of tolerant and sensitive plants that the Delhi government can plant at intersections and green belts. Ozone, for instance, was not a huge problem earlier, but has now emerged as a serious health hazard in the city. Harmful particulates and other gaseous pollutants, such as volatile compounds, carbon monoxide and oxides of nitrogen, are peaking due to increase in traffic. We need to come up with solutions that can be easily implemented to check the growing pollution. This database can give a direction to the government's plantation drives,\" said senior assistant professor Chirashree Ghosh, who is heading the study. She feels it's time the government starts selecting species that will act as a buffer against pollution.Plants are also indicators of pollution levels in an area. Air pollution can impact plants through visible leaf injury or indirectly affect growth and reproduction. Exposure to chlorine, nitrogen dioxide, hydrochloric acid and ammonia leads to leaf chlorosis and necrosis (cell death). Plants are also considered absorbers noise.The DU team has used the Air Pollution Tolerance Index (APTI) to classify the various plants. Leaves were collected from different sites, including residential/ institutional and vegetative areas, ridge areas from riverine and hilly eco-zones, and roadside or traffic intersections.To evaluate the susceptibility of the plants to air pollutants, four biochemical parameters, consisting of ascorbic acid, total cholorophyll content, relative water content and leaf extract Ph, were examined. Through these, the APTI value was obtained.The APTI method has been used by many scientific institutions in the country to identify tolerant species, but this is one of the few studies have done in Delhi. In the West, many governments have already started using these inputs while planting trees at polluted urban areas.Though vilayati babul has been listed as a tolerant plant, it is infamous in India for being invasive, and its aggressive growth leads to monoculture. But, the DU team provides many alternative fruit and flower bearing plants that also have high tolerance.The team recommends that these tolerant species be planted in abundance in polluted patches during plantation drives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandernagore", "code": "16986517", "title": "Realtor gunned down in Howrah", "text": "CHANDERNAGORE: When Pinku Sarkar, a businessman involved in real estate dealings, went to fetch his car from the garage on Saturday morning, he had no idea that he was stepping out of his house for the last time. Around 9.30am, when Sarkar was returning home, goons on bikes drove up to him and pumped bullets into his chest and stomach at Court More, killing him on the spot.Witnesses alleged that though some traffic personnel and a police vehicle were present at the spot, they did not bother to give the killers a chase. Police suspect that the murder might be a fallout of business rivalry or messy dealings. Sources said that Sarkar was involved in realty development.After preliminary probe, cops suspect that the goons were known to the victim. The superintendent of Hooghly, Tanmay Ray Chowdhuri, said, \"We suspect that old rivalry led to the murder.\" Additional SP Tathagata Basu inspected the spot later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16987436", "title": "Ready to probe PM in 2G: Delhi ACB", "text": "NEW DELHI: The anti-corruption branch (ACB) of the Delhi government, which has been headless for the last two months, has all but admitted that there was a prima facie case against no less than Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the 2G scam.In its status report on October 19 before a Delhi court on a complaint filed by advocate Vivek Garg seeking registration of a fresh case in the 2G scam, the ACB said it was awaiting word from the CBI so that there was no duplication in the \"investigation\".\"Reply from CBI is very important to avoid investigation on the same grounds by the two different agencies,\" the ACB said as it sought more time to report to the court on what it proposed to do with the complaint naming Singh and former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran. Accordingly, sessions judge Sangita Dhingra Sehgal granted the ACB time till December 7.Although it is not legally barred from probing any corruption alleged to have taken place in the territorial jurisdiction of Delhi, it normally abides by the administrative arrangement of limiting its jurisdiction to public servants of the Delhi government and other departments under the lieutenant governor.While the CBI is trying former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran's successor A Raja for the manner in which he had allegedly abused the first-come-first-served policy for 2G spectrum allocation, advocate Vivek Garg's complaint alleged that the scam had its roots in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's approval in 2006 of Maran's proposal to dilute the terms of reference of a group of ministers keeping the pricing issue out of its ambit.After Garg first filed his complaint on July 19, ACB referred it to CBI within a week for \"taking necessary action and direct disposal at their end\". Since nothing came of that, he sought judicial intervention on August 14, which was when the judge directed ACB to report the status of the complaint by October 19. The ACB was by then left in the care of an assistant commissioner of police, although it is meant to be headed by a joint commissioner of police, besides having the services of two deputy commissioners of police.The October 19 status report signed by ACB's inspector Pankaj Sharma said he had met CBI's SP Vivek Predarshi thrice in October in this regard. \"He verbally told me that the above said matter is in the notice of senior officers of CBI and as soon as any communication is received from senior officers, the same will be communicated to the court,\" Sharma said in the two-page status report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16994123", "title": "Dads must support girls till marriage: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: An adult,unmarried daughter is entitled to maintenance from her father,the Bombay High Court has said,coming to the rescue of a 20-year-old who was abandoned by her Bahrain-based dad who had remarried.A father of three,he had agreed to pay maintenance to his two minor children but refused his eldest daughter,saying she was a major.The girls mother had challenged the family courts order rejecting maintenance for their eldest daughter who was then 19. Justice K U Chandiwal of the HC recently ruled that a father was liable to pay maintenance to daughters till they marry.The girls mother challenged the family courts order last year upholding the no-maintenance claim.Her petition said the couple,who married in 1987,had three children,two daughters and a son.The man worked in Bahrain and would visit his wife and family in Mumbai every two years.After the death of her father-in-law,the woman went to Mahad in August 2008 to stay with her motherin-law.On returning to Mumbai two years later,she learned he had allegedly divorced her through talaq and remarried.On May 23,2011,the wife moved the family court for maintenance under Section 125 of the Code of Criminal Procedure.She claimed her husband,who has been working in the finance department of the Bahrain government for over 25 years,easily earned over Rs 90,000 per month.The man said he got only Rs 30,000 per month.The family court,taking into consideration his statement,directed him to pay Rs 5,000 to his wife and Rs 2,500 each to the two minor children as interim maintenance.In his October 16 order,Justice Chandiwal noted that family court principal judge U S Iyer did not assign reasons for rejecting maintenance for the couples eldest daughter as she had come of age and said the order requires interference.He ordered the man to pay his eldest daughter Rs 1,500 as an interim measure from the date of the petition till the application for maintenance is finally heard.He also directed that an additional Rs 5,000 be paid to the wife.The HC also asked the family court to dispose of the main petition for maintenance within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16986557", "title": "Should exhibitions-cum-sales be banned in towns and cities?", "text": "I do not think they need to be banned. Yes , they do cause a lot of traffic congestion, especially in areas like Panaji where they cause a lot of inconvenience to road users. It is best to keep these exhibitions-cum-sales outside the city limits and reduce the frequency. Provisions for parking also need to be arranged when organizing these events. Cleanliness needs to be ensured after the exhibition concludes as these spaces need to be used for other purposes.Vaishnavi Shankhwalkarstudent, TaleigaoThe government should permit only exhibitions of articles and not sales of articles in towns and cities. As a result of sales of articles such as readymade garments etc, which are available in our markets, we are the biggest sufferers as our business comes down. Just exhibition of articles or goods by self-help groups gives us an opportunity to improve our business as we can place orders in bulk from such groups and sell their products in our markets.Devidas Borkarshopkeeper, MargaoNo citizen can be prevented from carrying on trade or business under the Constitution of India. Of course reasonable restrictions in the interests of general public can be imposed. While giving permissions, issues like parking and garbage collection after the exhibition should be taken care of so as not to inconvenience the public. Also, department of consumer affairs and department of weights and measures should ensure that there is no dumping of fake, duplicate and spurious products at such exhibitions. Otherwise, such exhibitions provide a large variety of goods under one roof , which are not available in Goa and it is good for consumers to have a choice. Free trade is the hallmark of a democracy.Caroline Collassolawyer, MapusaThese exhibitions-cum-sales are needed as they offer good prices and brands to the consumers. The authorities giving permission to these events need to take responsibility to dispose the waste generated or charge the organizers a fee. Parking arrangements have to be made. They should avoid organizing these within city limits.Kevin D'SilvaLecturer, Vasco", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985852", "title": "Extra motor coach may cut CST-Panvel travel time", "text": "MUMBAI: If an innovative plan of Central Railway (CR) goes through, then the commuting time from CST to Panvel is likely to be reduced by nearly 10 minutes.According to officials, plans are afoot to attach an additional motor coach to the existing 9-car trains to increase the speed on this route. Currently, the travel time between the two destinations is 77 minutes. \"Compared to the CST-Panvel route, the distance between CST and Kalyan is more but the travel time is only 65 minutes,\" said CR general manager Subodh Jain.\"If the trial to increase the speed (on the CST-Panvel route) is successful and the level crossing at Chunnabhati is closed during peak hours, then it is possible to reduce travel time between CST and Panvel to 67 minutes,\" he added. During the two trials, a motor coach will be attached to old and new rakes. \"An old rake may achieve a speed of 80 kmph, while the new ones may clock in 100 kmph. The trial run is necessary to record the savings in time that can be achieved due to higher speed,\" said a CR official.\"The trial run will only be conducted after the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation awards contract for the extension of platforms, which is estimated to cost not more than Rs 10 crore,\" he added. The trials are likely to be conducted in January 2013. \"The tracks will have to be strengthened and motor coaches will have to be sourced. The civil work will be undertaken by the MRVC and CR will home in on the motor coach prototype,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "16986733", "title": "One killed, six hurt in Nawada firing", "text": "NAWADA: The unprecedented violence at Akbarpur on Friday evening, 20 km from Nawada town, which resulted in the death of a person and bullet injuries to six persons in police firing besides causing grievous injury to Nawada SP and four other policemen in stone throwing \"is the outcome of a plan not a spontaneous outburst\" said Zonal IG B Srinivasan, Magadh range DIG N H Khan and Nawada DM Dwivesh Sehra on Saturday afternoon on Akbarpur police station campus. They are camping there since Friday night. Even the minority community members endorsed the assessment of officials.The use of petrol bombs by the mob point to a conspiracy, said the DM. IG Srinivasan said the largescale collection of bricks and stones which the mob used as missiles to target the administration also points out to a pre-medidated exercise.However, Nawada BJP MP Bhola Singh squarely blamed the district administration for the violence. He said that unnecessary creation of barriers in the route of the procession added fuel to fire. The MP went on to add that the administration was a \"cobra\" and overreacted in its zeal to please political masters in the presence of Nawada Civil SDPO Dewan Zafar Hussain Khan and the SDPO Sahriyar Akhtar at the Sadar Hospital on Saturday noon.Hisua BJP MLA and party deputy chief whip in the state assembly Anil Singh also said that the entire episode was a well engineered strategy to defame him by his political rival. Singh assisted the family members of the police firing victim, Gauri Shankar Singh, of Pirauta village in carrying his body to the village after postmortem. Gauri Shankar was cremated around 4 pm by his villagers.Hundreds of policemen have been deployed to prevent any untoward incident. Traffic remains paralyzed on Akbarpur-Fatehpur route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986780", "title": "Mithra to open more outlets soon", "text": "KOCHI: There would be a new Mithra Mega Mart in your neighbourhood soon. Amidst reports of it downing shutters, officials of this retail supermarket chain owned by Mithra Agricultural Producer Company Ltd, said they are in the process of revamping the whole business and starting new outlets.The Mithra brand had gained public attention when it was launched in 2005 as the state's first retail venture, backed by the co-operative sector.It focused on organic products and sourced directly from farmers and self-help groups, bringing in social, co-operative and eco-friendly elements to business.However, owing to financial difficulties, it was forced to cut down the number of outlets from 17 to five. It presently has outlets at Edapally, Njarakkal, Puthencruz, Kizhakkambalam and near Durbar Hall.\"The venture was supported by Ernakulam District Co-operative Bank initially. Funding is very important for the success of these retail chains. The bank's decision to withdraw its support hit us badly,\" said former MLA M M Monayee, under whose initiative the retail outlet was started.Except for the Puthencruz outlet, all others are operating profitably after initiating plans to revamp business, he said. \"Absence of technology and network also went against us,\" said Monayee, admitting that the supermarket chain has incurred loss over the years. However, he refused to divulge the extent of loss.As part of the revamp, the Edapally, Puthencruz and Kizhakkambalam outlets are now being operated by franchises, while the company has partnered with some firms for the operation of the other two outlets.\"As per the franchise business model, franchises are operating outlets for us by paying a fee. Under the partnership model, we are selling products of the partners in the outlets,\" said Mithra Mega Mart CEO Hari Kumar A K.\"Our outlets are running profitably and can recover from the loss in a period of five years,\" said Monayee. He said the supermarket chain has presently an average monthly turnover of Rs 1.5 to 2 crore from its five outlets. There are also plans to open more outlets on franchise basis, said Monayee.However, he added that the first priority would be to stabilize functioning of the outlets.The supermarket chain has presently an average monthly turnover of Rs 1.5 to 2 crore from its five outlets, said former MLA M M Monayee. At present, it is in the process of revamping the whole business", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985752", "title": "Cultural program at Navratna PSU Power Grid Corporation", "text": "BHOPAL: Navratna PSU Power Grid Corporation of India Limited conducted a colourful intra-regional cultural programme and handicrafts exhibition at Gyan Vigyan Bhavan, Barkatullah University on Saturday. The programme was for western region II.Teams consisting of Power Grid employees and their family members from different substations of Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat states have presented cultural programmes on the themes like anti-corruption, unity in diversity, safety and environment among others.Chief guest M S Gabrayal, additional PCCF Bhopal , O P Khare, CCF S S Rajput, CCF K M Singh and R K Singh, executive director (ED) western region II Power Grid and other senior officials were present on the occasion. They inaugurated the programme by lighting the lamp.Handicrafts, fine arts and crafts exhibition was inaugurated by Renu Singh, chief patron, Mahila Samithi, Power Grid western region-II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986953", "title": "10 tonnes of garbage sent to Mandur landfill", "text": "BANGALORE: In less than two years, 60 crore Indians will be given multi-purpose Aadhaar cards, Nandan Nilekani , chairman of Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), said here on Saturday.\"We have distributed 21 crore cards so far. By next year, it will reach 40 crore and within a year of that, every other Indian will have these cards. It is a unique way to include everyone. It means recognition of each individual,\" he said.On internet usage, Nilekani said application of technology is a profound idea.Sudheendra Kulkarni, media adviser to former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , said that everyone should become internet satyagrahis. \"We are Indian citizens and most of us are now netizens of the world. The time has come for us to be internet satyagrahis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992725", "title": "Celina gets hubby's name inked on finger", "text": "Celina Jaitley, who was recently in the news as she and her hubby Peter Haag are reportedly shifting base from Dubai to Singapore , professed her love for her hubby on the Internet Sunday.Celina took to a micro blogging site to show her followers and fans just how much she loves her husband. She showed off the special gift she gave Peter on his birthday.She tweeted saying, \"Did something special for hubby on his birthday. Tattooed his name on my ring finger.\" The cursive tattoo is a mark of her everlasting love for him. We're sure Peter must be only too thrilled to have such a doting wife!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986696", "title": "Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh wants probe against Robert Vadra, BJP president", "text": "PATNA: Amidst mounting pressure on Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national president Nitin Gadkari to resign in the wake of alleged charges of irregularities levelled against him, the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) on Saturday gave a leeway to both BJP top leadership and Gadkari, as it clubbed together his cases with that of Robert Vadra and also demanded a high-level inquiry into all the allegations made against them.In this regard, RSS Sarkaryavah Suresh Joshi alias Bhaiyyaji said that only a high-level inquiry into their affairs would bring out the truth. \"A high-level independent and impartial inquiry should be conducted into the charges levelled against them,\" Joshi said, adding: \"The RSS is opposed to corruption.\"He, in the same vein, also appealed to all the political parties to come together to weed out corruption. \"Until all the political parties come together on the issue of corruption, it will not be easy to eradicate it from society,\" he said.The statement of Joshi on the matter has gained significance in view of the fact that Gadkari, who reached Delhi from Nagpur on Friday, later apprised BJP senior leader LK Advani of his version. Earlier, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, during his Vijayadashmi address, had distanced himself from the affairs of Gadkari, maintaining that whatever thing had to be done with respect to him was the sole prerogative of the BJP leadership. This, naturally, led to speculation that the party leadership might decide to ease out Gadakri by blocking his stint as BJP chief for the second term, or Gadkari might opt to resign from the post of party president on his own.However, on Friday late night, the top BJP leaders went into a huddle, whereby it was decided that Gadkari would go to Himachal Pradesh to oversee the party's campaign there. The state is having elections for its state assembly in November, and Gujarat assembly polls would follow in December. Seen in this perspective, Joshi's statement has come as a huge relief for both, the BJP leadership and Gadkari.Joshi also clarified that the RSS and BJP were separate entities, and accordingly, it was the BJP alone which could take any decision with respect to Gadkari. \"Nitin Gadkari is not an issue with the RSS. It is the issue of the BJP. The inquiry has been going on. Nothing can be done in his matter, unless the inquiry is completed,\" Joshi said.Joshi was here on Saturday to inaugurate the all-India delegate session of Arogya Bharti, an RSS outfit. Among the Bihar BJP leaders who also called on him were deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and the party's state chief Dr CP Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985683", "title": "Infantry Day celebration at National War Memorial", "text": "PUNE: A wreath-laying ceremony was organized at the National War Memorial, Ghorpadi, as part of the Infantry Day events organized by the Headquarters, Southern Command in the Pune Cantonment area on Saturday.General officer commanding-in-chief of Southern Command Lt Gen A K Singh laid the wreath as a mark of respect and to honour those who have laid their lives in the line of their duty for the country. Seniormost army veteran Lt Gen (Retd) H M Khanna and other officers and men also laid wreaths.Infantry Day is celebrated on October 27. It was on this day in 1947 that the first contingent of infantry landed by air at the Srinagar airfield and resolutely defended Srinagar from Pakistani invaders.The gallant infantrymen fought a courageous action and retained Kashmir as a part of Independent India.Infantry is the oldest, most battle-hardened and combat-tested arm of the Indian Army. Perseverance in the face of heavy odds, selfless devotion of Infantrymen and their supreme sacrifice towards the call of the duty, goes to make Infantry the most indispensable arm of the Indian Army.Both pre and post independence history of India is replete with examples of patriotism, courage and fortitude of the Infantrymen. The Indian infantry not only proved its mettle in the two World Wars, but has made outstanding contributions in the four wars since independence. The sterling performance in Siachen, along the line of control, and fighting militancy in the mountains of Kashmir and jungles of the northeast have won accolades from one and all. The infantry has also been in the forefront in rendering aid to civil authorities in various parts of the nation and peace-keeping operations abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16987292", "title": "Seat belts can save lives", "text": "LUDHIANA: The accidental death of city-based journalist Amrita Chaudhry and renowned satirist Jaspal Bhatti has highlighted how precious lives could have been saved by taking small precautions like avoiding late night driving and using a seat belt. Details from the police department have revealed that most accidents take place on the national highways and during the night hours.Lakhwinder Singh, who heads a car service station near Ferozpur Road, said: \"Passengers sitting on the rear seats of the vehicles often do not wear seat belts. The car manufacturers install these belts after much research, and must not be ignored, especially when driving on highways.\"During the night, travelers use the rear seats to relax and in case some accident takes place, they are thrown forward with a great force since the muscles are completely inactive, which can cause deep injuries. Seat belts help absorb the shock and prevent fatal wounds.Experts have advised that night travel should be minimized if possible and it is necessary to use safety features provided in a vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16986844", "title": "Demand for Moyinkutty chair in Malayalam University", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Demand is being raised from various quarters for a chair in the name of mahakavi Moyinkutty Vaidyar at the proposed Malayalam University, which will be inaugurated at Thunjanparamba in Tirur on November 1.Mahakavi Moyinkutty Vaidyar Memorial Committee (MMVMC) has approached education minister P K Abdu Rabb with the proposal.K Jayakumar, who would be the first vice-chancellor of the university, has already announced the five chairs will be established in the university. In the beginning, the university will have chairs in the name of Raja Ravi Varma, Swathi Thirunal, C V Raman Pillai, Kumaranasan and Herman Gundert.The decision attracted the ire from the Moyinkutty Vaidyar Memorial committee members, who decided to approach Jayakumar also for a favourable decision regarding the Vaidyar chair in the university. The committee had made several efforts in vain in the past to start Vaidyar Chair in Calicut University.Badar Padappattu and Malappuram Padappattu are the most popular works of the poet, which belongs to the war songs genre. The Badar Padappattu narrates the tale of the 'Battle of Badar' by prophet Muhammed and his companion. Malappuram Padappattu, which is also known as the Madhinidhi Mala, describes the life of peasant community in Malappuram during 18th and 19th centuries.The secretary of the committee Azad Vandoor said it is unfortunate that the authorities are neglecting the contributions made by the great poet to Malayalam literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985703", "title": "University Grants Commission for a flexible learning system in higher education", "text": "PUNE: A major thrust of the academic and administrative (A&A;) reforms proposed by the University Grants Commission (UGC) remains on securing a flexible and student-friendly learning system at the institutes of higher education in the country.The reforms were first discussed at a national conference of vice-chancellors that was organised by the UGC in October 2007. Subsequently, the then UGC chairman Sukhadeo Thorat had written to all universities in January 2008 detailing the key areas requiring urgent attention.An expert committee under former National Assessment and Accreditation Council chief A Gnanam was set up to recommend A&A; reforms and based on the panel's report, the UGC had circulated an action plan in March 2009 for the universities to implement over a period of two years. The whole idea was to bring in student-centric changes that are in tune with the university system in western Europe and North America.For instance, the semester system, which divides an academic year into two terms called semesters, is known to engage the faculty and the students in academic activity throughout the year. Unlike in the annual system where a student, after entering the college of his/her choice, tends to study only during the exam time, the semester system involves the student throughout the year and reduces the examination burden.Similarly, the choice-based credit system (CBCS) offers a flexible approach to study as it enables a student, enrolled with a particular course, to opt for and earn elective credits in other subjects of choice. The CBCS enables part-completion of an academic course in the institution of enrolment and part-completion in a specialised institution.The semester and credit systems go hand-in-hand considering the emphasis on continuous internal assessment of students throughout the year. Issues related to development of curriculum suited for credit-based courses, credit accumulation and credit transfer, inter-institutional mobility and teachers, who are adequately trained to adapt to these changes, are critical in this context.\"The annual system with emphasis on external written examination needs to be reformed. We can make a beginning by gradually moving to the semester system which emphasises on continuous internal assessment and reduces the written examination component to a reasonable level,\" Thorat had said in his letter to the vice-chancellors of universities. \"Duration of the semester, number of student-teacher contact hour per paper and per semester, relative weightage of continuous internal assessment and end of semester exam needs to be prescribed unambiguously,\" the letter said.Bringing the evaluation system at par with the global best practices, the UGC had suggested a shift from marks and division system to the grading system that is based on a nine-point scale and cumulative grade point score. As part of curricular flexibility and students' mobility, the UGC had suggested credit-based courses and credit accumulation wherein the authorities need to provide course duration in terms of credit hours and also a minimum and maximum permissible span of time for completion of a course by a student.Finally, the UGC had suggested that each individual university must ensure that the curricula development exercise leading to a major revision in course contents and curricular is taken up every three years and the universities need to adopt a uniform academic calendar by streamlining their examination process in a way that results are declared in a time-bound manner.The University of Pune must accelerate academic and administrative reforms since the two-year time span given by the University Grants Commission to implement them lapsed some time ago. The university has made some progress by introducing reforms in parts in post-graduate departments on campus. But it faces a bigger challenge in taking the reforms to its vast network of affiliated colleges outside. Reforms like semester and choice-based credit systems are aimed at providing flexible learning for students, but there are issues related to training of teachers to adapt to these changes. An end-to-end automation of the examination processes needs to be resolved upfront.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "yangon", "code": "16987434", "title": "Aung San Suu Kyi to kick off India visit from Nov 13", "text": "YANGON: A photograph of Aung San Suu Kyi during her visit to the world's oldest democracy captures the resolve and rise of the Burmese heroine of democracy. It shows her receiving the US Congressional Gold Medal, which had been awarded to her in 2008. Suu Kyi could not collect it then as she was under a 15-year house arrest for her peaceful struggle against military rule.The Nobel prize winner's next mission is a visit to the world's largest democracy and she is tentatively scheduled to arrive in Delhi on November 13. This would be Suu Kyi's first trip in 40 years to the country where her mother served as ambassador in the 1960s. But seeing the delicate relationship between India and Myanmar, she is unlikely to officially discuss inter-governmental matters with Indian leadership.A diplomat said: \"If there were any issues between the Indian and Myanmar government, she might have been asked to take these up. But there are no issues.\"A great admirer of the leaders of the Indian independence movement freedom struggle, Suu Kyi will deliver the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Lecture on November 14. The Burmese leader, who studied at the Convent of Jesus and Mary and Lady Shri Ram College, has also expressed a desire to meet old friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16986043", "title": "Vijayakanth downplays DMDK MLAs\u2019 meet with Jayalalithaa", "text": "MADURAI: DMDK leader Vijayakant sought to downplay the revolting gesture of four of his party MLAs meeting chief minister J Jayalalithaa indicating that it will not affect his party or his functioning.Instead he trained his guns on the AIADMK supremo alleging that she was scared of his growth. \"She is scared of me. That is why these things are happening. Our party has grown to a stature where other political parties are trying to poach our MLAs,'' he told the party cadres at Goripalayam in Madurai on Saturday after participating in the Bakrid celebrations.Vijayakanth said that the meeting of four party MLAs with Jayalalithaa on the pretext of seeking welfare measures for their assembly segments was a drama. \"It was a drama. They (DMDK MLAs) are staging a drama by maintaining that they only sought welfare measures for their constituencies,'' Vijayakanth said hinting that the four MLAs had made up their mind to switch loyalties and the meeting not about the welfare of the people.\"But I know how to bring curtains down on the drama that they have started. Let everyone wait and see how I complete the drama,\" he said. I have been told that many are leaving. Let them go. I am not worried by these people. I shall fear of god and people alone,'' he said.He also attempted to justify his unruly behaviour with journalists at Chennai airport earlier in the day. \"A person came to me and asked questions saying he was a journalist. How do I know who is he?'' Besides there were a number of issues like power shortage, dengue outbreak and bad roads. But they repeatedly asked me about Jayalalithaa,'' he said.The most vociferous attack was from Vijayakanth's wife Premalatha. She termed the MLAs who met Jayalalithaa as \"culprits.\"\"Those who say they met Jayalalithaa for the sake of their constituency are culprits. Did they realise the problems in their constituency only today?'' she asked.\"Those wishing to leave the party are selfish and their move is aimed at amassing wealth and to protect their interests. Cadres are captain's strength, not MLAs or MPs. No one can hope to shake DMDK,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16986625", "title": "Super storm brewing: Sandy fear has Obama urging for early voting", "text": "WASHINGTON: A monster hurricane, dubbed 'Frankenstorm', is hurtling towards Washington DC even as President Barack Obama and his Republican rival Mitt Romney are racing around the country's battleground states in a final frenzied week of campaigning to ensure they don't end up with a damp squib of an election on Tuesday, November 6.So massive is the storm system, a hybrid of at least two large hurricanes, and so widespread is the expected impact all of next week, especially on the East Coast, that Obama is urging voters to go in for early voting, among other things to escape any weather-related disruptions.The storm, which experts say could be the worst in 100 years to hit the Washington DC area, is expected to bring high winds, heavy rain, flooding, and power outages in the area. Both camps have cancelled rallies and events in Virginia and nearby areas which are expected to be battered by the storm.Already voters have headed to the polls in droves, and Saturday (both this one and the next) is expected to be a busy day at polling centers, in part because Election Day (which by law is the Tuesday after the first Monday of November) is not a holiday in the US. Citizens have to squeeze in voting between work.As a result, early voting has becoming an increasingly attractive proposition. More than 7.7 million people nationwide have cast their ballot already, and about 40% of the electorate is expected to have exercised its franchise before Election Day, according to poll experts.Obama himself was one of the early voters; he will need every vote to forestall the growing possibility that he could end up losing the popular vote even if he wins the electoral college, the way it happened during the infamous George Bush-Al Gore election of 2000.To win the presidency, a candidate has to win a majority of 540 electoral votes allotted state-wise on the basis of population. A state's entire electoral college (say the 55 in case of California) is won by the candidate who wins the state's popular vote.So it is possible for a candidate to get the 270-plus electoral votes across 50 states needed to win the White House , even if he loses the nationwide popular vote, which is what happened to Bush in 2000 when he won 271 electoral votes (to Gore's 266), but got only 50.45 million popular votes as opposed to Gore's 50.99 million.Some experts are projecting this could happen again because popular support for Obama is shrinking in states like California which is still Democratic. So although Obama will take the state's 55 electoral votes, his popular vote percentage could be down sharply.In 2008, Obama won 61% of the state's popular vote to McCain's 37% (8.2 million vs 5 million). Nationwide, Obama won nearly 70 million votes to McCain's 60 million, and the electoral college margin was 365-173. Democrats feel early voting could be an advantage to them, but poll samplings show Republican are doing as good a job as mobilizing early voters in this election, unlike in 2008 when the McCain campaign allowed Obama to get a head start.Both sides will hope that hurricane Sandy and its associates will remain storms in a teacup next week as they bear down on voters in finale before November 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16987401", "title": "Traffic signal at Uppidamoodu Junction soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The traffic woes the commuters face at the Uppidamoodu Junction will soon be resolved with the junction here giving way to a traffic signal system. The signal junction is being set up as part of city road improvement (CRIP) project and the current roundabout at the junction is being demolished.An official of Thiruvananthapuram road development company limited (TRDCL), the implementing agency of CRIP, said the signals will ease the traffic at the circular intersection. \"During peak hours, the junction experiences heavy traffic since three major stretches intersect here. Introduction of signals will certainly relax the traffic around this junction,\" said the official.The road via the Uppidamoodu Junction is a short cut to the airport via Enchakkal. Also, many people prefer taking this route while going to the court and the Sreekanteswaram temple, a famous temple in the city which attracts a lot of devotees.The location of a hospital, the passport office, a bank and a BSNL office near the junction also cause heavy traffic congestion here throughout the day. There are also plans to widen the roads that lead up to the junction as part of the project.TRDCL officials said that in addition to the installation of the signal system, the work on the Uppidamoodu-Sreekanteswaram road, which falls under corridor V of the CRIP, will also be completed on a war footing.\"Almost all the hurdles that have hindered the project have been cleared. We hope to complete the work on the signal junction and that of the Uppidamoodu-Sreekanteswaram road in not less than three months provided the rains stay off,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16985578", "title": "Luis Figo to don Goa colours in friendly", "text": "MARGAO: The Lusofonia Games can wait. Portugal's greatest emissary from football's point of view, Luis Figo, will don a Goa jersey on November 1.For the state's impassioned football fans, watching the Portuguese midfielder display the magic that made him a legend in both Real Madrid and FC Barcelona colours, would be a dream come true. And that he'd be recreating some of it in a Goa shirt is like a fairy tale.Figo, 40, who at his prime possessed a lethal free-kick and an unflinching penchant to take on defenders, has agreed to not just take the field but also captain the Goa XI squad against India XI in a friendly at the Nehru stadium in Fatorda next week.India XI will be captained by Churchill Brothers Sports Club's Brazilian striker Roberto Mendes da Silva.\"We have tentatively decided to name the home team as Figo Goa XI. He will play for a minimum of 20 minutes, although the exact duration of the match is still being worked out,\" said a spokesperson from the Mumbai-based Red9 Events, the company getting the former World Player of the Year to Goa.The Goa squad will comprise youngsters selected from the 2,500 players participating in the Youth Champions League. Should the selected players be \"too young\", a handful of players from Goa's I-League teams have been requested to lend a helping hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987581", "title": "Trucks with cash intercepted, let off after check", "text": "A static surveillance team ( SST) of the Election Commission intercepted three trucks and found Rs 10 lakh on the passengers. The interception was made near Gadvav village in Manavadar taluka of Junagadh district. However, the passengers were let off with the cash when they produced relevant documents showing that the money had come from the sale of cotton.Following representations on hardships being caused to small time traders, farmers and citizens due to checking and seizure of cash by poll officials, the Election Commission has modified the operating procedures on election expenditure monitoring. Now, the receipts and vouchers regarding sale proceeds of agricultural produce with proper date are being considered as proof enough for farmers carrying cash there will be no seizure made irrespective of the amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990101", "title": "New age Marathi cinemas garner good response", "text": "Today, more meaningful Marathi movies are stepping out of Bollywood's shadow and is going places. Marathi films are now nominated for the Oscars and Marathi artistes are winning national awards. New generation filmmakers with newfound confidence and better budgets are looking at fresh themes turning into a symptomatic boom in the Marathi film industry.This Dussehra, the industry will witness a new company Kohinoor Cine Vision. The company was set up in Pune by Shashank Joshi, Devendra Paranjape and Pravin Bhise to provide quality entertainment to the audience. Coming from different background, all three co-producers started their company with media photograph and shooting in various corporate/ cultural events.The company Kohinoor Cine Vision announced its first movie under the banner named 'Mi - Ayushyachya Palikadhe'. The evening witnessed the presence of the entire cast and crew of the newly announced movie. The team of professionals has come together with their expertise to make this movie a success. The film story, screenplay and direction is done by Sreedhar S Parigi, produced by Shashank Joshi, co-produced by Devendra Paranjape &amp; Pravin Bhise while Director of Photography (DOP) is Jai Krishna Gummadi, dialogues by Ashutosh Parandkar &amp; Sreedhar S Parigi and music is manned by Mahi Sreedhar with the excellent lyrics by Hrishikesh Paranjape.The evening was honoured with the presence of Sindhutai Sapkal (Mai) and she inaugurated the production house banner. The movie launch event was a great success in the presence of the entire team, Srikant Puranik, Satish Kenjale, Lokesh Gupte, Jyoti Chandekar, Sunil Godbole, Mrunmayee Deshpande, Siddharth Chandekar, Prasanna Ketkar, Siddheshwar Zadbuke, Atharva Karve, Sreedhar S Parigi, Jai Krishna Gummadi, Sunil Chandurkar, Ankita Joshi, Nupur Joshi, to mention few.\"Till date I've worked on several regional movies but now for the first time I'm venturing into one of the most prestigious movie industry which was the vision of Dadasaheb Phalke . I'm really excited about this movie and with the support of such a great team I'm certain that this movie will turn to be a huge success\", said director Sreedhar S Parigi.Producer Shashank Joshi added, \"With an idea in mind to offer quality Marathi cinema, Devendra, Pravin and myself we started Kohinoor Cine Vision. I'm glad that we could gather a team with common interest for this movie. We are looking forward with a confident to offer the quality cinema to the industry and audience.\"Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986771", "title": "Mayor\u2019s online effort a big hit with netizens", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi mayor's move to garner support for Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) through the website www.supportkochimetro.in has turned out to be a hit with netizens.With public support pouring in favour of DMRC and its principal adviser E Sreedharan, mayor Tony Chammany hopes that it could influence the Centre.Declaring his support for DMRC, Jinsen Karedath, a citizen wrote that Sreedharan had completed all projects committed by him on time. He stated that he failed to understand why Tom Jose asked for the credentials of Sreedharan.Citing the progress of reconstruction work of North railway overbridge (ROB) undertaken by DMRC, people want the government to let the metro authority to take up Kochi Metro project.\"We have started these discussions before Bangalore Metro and we are still arguing and Bangalore Metro started running six months back,\" wrote Cyriac Mathew, another metro enthusiast.Nayib who posted the first comment have asked three questions to the chief minister, Oommen Chandy. He wanted to know why the chief minister refrained from taking action against Tom Jose and why was he sent to Singapore to hold discussions with a company which had interest in the project.\"Why did they showcase Kochi metro in Emerging Kerala?\", he asked.On the first day itself the website received more than 100 responses. The corporation aims to reach out to at least 10 lakh people and get their comments.Meanwhile, there were also comments which expressed displeasure over the involvement of DMRC.A person who assumed the name Metabolism wrote, \"DMRC is not the only entity in the world that can handle such a project. If DMRC is the best and the greatest with the latest technology, then they will win the tender. Why are they afraid of competition? Are they not competitive enough to compete with international companies? DMRC should compete with other companies, and we should have the right to select a technically feasible and superior option.\"With public support pouring in favour of DMRC and its principal adviser E Sreedharan, mayor Tony Chammany hopes that it could influence the Centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985430", "title": "'Ganguly paid Rs 1cr for One Nation One Card promotion'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prime accused in the AP State Minorities Finance Corporation (APSMFC) scam, Ch V K Sai Kumar, confessed that he paid Rs 1 crore to former Indian cricketer Sourov Ganguly for promotion of his 'One Nation One Card' (ONOC) programme. He also claimed he had collected Rs 510 crore worth deposits from several government agencies and public sector undertakings (PSUs) across the country.In his confession to Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths, Sai Kumar, who is accused of siphoning off Rs 55.47 crore fixed deposits pertaining to APSMFC, revealed that with the help of agents across the country he collected Rs 510 crore worth deposits from various government bodies in several states over the past few years.With the help of B Keshav Rao, an agent from Hyderabad, Sai Kumar collected about Rs 90 crore deposits from APSMFC. He also confessed that using the services of agents Bhola of Kolkata, Patil, Kulkarni of Karnataka, J Babu of Vijayawada, Jain and A V Rao of Secunderabad he collected about Rs 420 crore, including Rs 30 crore from Coal India, Rs 140 crores from Karnataka Industrial Development Board, Rs 140 crore from Karnataka State Irrigation Board, Rs 70 crore from APMDC, Rs 20 crore from Vijayawada Urban Development Authority (Vuda), Rs 10 crore each from Intermediate Board (Retired Employees' Cooperative Society) and Kurnool Government Junior Colleges' Association.Sai Kumar reportedly managed to execute the APSMFC fraud with the help of Vijaya Bank's employee Naveen Sagar by opening a current account in the name of APSMFC with his associate Venkata Ramana as an authorized signatory at Vijaya Bank , Koti branch. He then diverted the APSMFC FDs into this account and from there channelled the money into accounts of 16 bogus firms.\"I spent Rs 9.5 crore for implementation of ONOC scheme and out of this I paid Rs 1 crore to Ganguly,\" Sai Kumar said in his confession.He also said he invested Rs eight crore in ABC TV channel, which operates from Vijayawada. Sai Kumar told CID sleuths that he began the fraudulent journey after incurring huge loss in his venture, Swal Computers. Using the ill-gotten money, Sai Kumar cleared Rs 9.05 crore debts and purchased assets at Kottur, Musheerabad, Vissannapet and Mylavaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16986622", "title": "Khan\u2019t help it: Imran says US bumped him off plane", "text": "WASHINGTON: Maybe US airport authorities just \"khan't\" help it. Or, maybe the Khans just can't take it. But yet another airport flap fluttered briefly in the news cycle after Pakistan's cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan was reportedly bumped off a US-bound flight in Toronto and grilled about his views on drone strikes in Pakistan. Khan has been vocal opponent of US drone attacks.\"My stance is known. Drone attacks must stop,\" added, for the benefit of anyone who didn't know his stand.In a second tweet, Khan, nicknamed \"Im the Dim\" in some quarters, also revealed the reason for his trip to the US., saying, \"Missed flight and sad to miss the Fundraising lunch in NY but nothing will change my stance. Still looking forward to meet PTI family there.\"He eventually did get to New York City and addressed the fundraiser where he reportedly asked why US authorities in Islamabad had issued him a visa when they knew he was opposed to drone strikes. \"My stand on drones is very clear. I did not say sorry to them,\" he was quoted as telling a local news channel.US authorities did not comment on the matter but Khan's supporters and critics had a field day, duking it out on social media. His cohorts demanded an unconditional apology from the US government and wondered why the Pakistan Embassy in Washington had not intervened, while his detractors asked why he was visiting the US and raising money here.Pakistan's ambassador to the US, Sherry Rehman , joined the fray, tweeting that \"for the record, the Pakistan Embassy DC was immediately in touch with State Dept over the holding of Imran Khan at US immigration.\" Khan was reportedly detained for half an hour.The whole episode appeared to have been overblown. For flights originating from Canada, US authorities typically conduct customs and immigration formalities before the flights take off from Canada, and not on arrival in US, where planes land in the domestic terminal gates.But such is the sensitivity of celebrity travelers that even short delays and extended screening or questioning is magnified, US authorities have said in the past. They also suspect that some of them do it for career-enhancement or political point-scoring, ignoring the compulsions and limitations of airport staff.The Khan episode took place even as Richard Olson, the new US ambassador to Pakistan, arrived in Islamabad to take charge of what is widely seen as one of the most difficult assignments in the State Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986563", "title": "Snag in AC rake disrupts Metro services", "text": "KOLKATA: After a fabulous show during the Pujas, Metro Railway services stumbled yet again on Saturday afternoon, affecting services between the Girish Park and Maidan stations for nearly 40 minutes.Had it not been a public holiday due to Eid, thousands of commuters may have suffered due to the technical glitch in an air-conditioned rake at the Central station.The affected Dum Dum-bound train reached the Central station at 2.28pm but could not start for Mahatma Gandhi Road. Technical staff noted that the parking brake had somehow got engaged and could not be released in spite of all efforts. The parking brake is normally used when rakes are stopped at an incline to prevent them from rolling down the tracks.\"As it was taking a lot of time to rectify the defect, we asked commuters to get off the train. The trouble was finally sorted out at 3.05pm and the rake was sent to the Noapara carshed for checks. Normal services resumed at 3.07 pm. We ran truncated services from Dum Dum to Girish Park and between Kavi Subhas and Maidan during this time,\" a Metro spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16986314", "title": "Keep walking to keep obesity at bay, study says", "text": "NEW DELHI: More and more Indians are using cars to travel distances which are short enough to walk. A survey of 13 countries have found that 13% Indian men and 15% women use vehicles for trips that could be covered by foot.In countries like the UK , Australia, New Zealand and Saudi Arabia , this figure, however, rises to around one-in-five. Globally, the number of people walking is in decline.The study says that rising car ownership in India is discouraging walking, while in China the reduction in walking has seen an increase in obesity levels among drivers.The proportion of children walking or cycling to school fell from 48% to 13% between 1969 and 2009 in the US, and from 62% to 50% between 1989 and 2004 among primary-school children in the UK.Doctors say walking just an extra 15 minutes a day can extend human life by up to three years. A recent study of 400,000 people found that every additional 15 minutes of daily exercise such as brisk walking reduced premature death rates by a further 4%.Even slow walking burns around 114 calories per mile for someone weighing 91kg. Researchers in US have found that each extra km walked per day was associated with a 4.8% reduction in an individual's probability of becoming obese, whereas each hour spent driving was linked to a 6% increase in an individual's probability of becoming obese.The study by Max Bupa says, \"Cars are often used for very short journeys that could be walked. In the US, cars are used for 55% of trips of one-third of a mile (half a km) in length and 85% of trips that are two-thirds of a mile (1 km) in length. A car journey of one mile (1.6 km) emits around 574g of carbon dioxide - twice as much as the average emission of 287g of carbon dioxide per mile on longer journeys.\"Reducing motor vehicle use decreases air pollution levels, which can have significant benefits for health. The study says that pollution can be particularly harmful to the health of children and older adults, and a strong relationship has been shown between levels of airborne particles, sulphur dioxide and other fossil-fuel emissions, and risk of early death from heart disease and respiratory illnesses such as allergies, asthma and lung cancer. Adults usually walk between 4,000 and 18,000 steps per day. Children aged between the ages of six and 12 typically average between 10,000 and 16,000 steps per day, while adolescents only average 8,000-9,000 steps per day. Moderate-intensity walking is at least 100 steps per minute, equivalent to approximately 3,000 steps per half hour. The health benefits of physical activity begin to be seen at levels well below that of 30 minutes a day or 10,000 steps a day. A person walking at 3 mph (5kph) uses around 30% of their maximum energy consumption when they are 25, but this increases by 10% a decade, so that someone aged 75 walking at 3mph uses up 60% of their maximum energy. Lack of walking also explains the obesity epidemic gripping India.Data shows that the burden of overweight citizens increased by 20% in India between 1998 and 2005. Currently, almost one in five men and over one in six women are overweight. In some urban areas, the rates are as high as 40%, according to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ). Obesity is the root for several non-communicable diseases (NCDs). By 2030, nearly 70% of all global deaths will be from NCDs.A number of studies have shown that using pedometers - and counting steps - can help to encourage greater walking. The majority of pedometer-based projects result in an increase of 2,000-2,500 steps per day; while among older adults and individuals suffering from chronic conditions and disabilities they have shown an average increase of 775 and 2,215 steps per day, respectively.Cardiology society of India president Dr Ashok Seth says brisk walking of 5-6 km per hour is healthiest.\"Physical activity is the single most important determinant of energy expenditure. Around 40 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity five days a week, including five minutes of warm up and five minutes of cool down is a must. All risk factors of diabetes, cholesterol, obesity, stress and hypertension are controlled by a single activity, exercise,\" Dr Seth said.He added, \"If one can just about speak a single sentence, he is walking at the right pace. If he is able to talk comfortably, he is walking slowly. And if he cannot speak a single sentence, he is walking too fast.\"Indians aren't sweating it out enough.The Planning Commission says a quarter of men (24%) and one-third of women (34%) of women report inadequate physical activity (defined as 1-149 minutes of activity in seven days). The proportion with inadequate physical activity is 39% and 27% in urban and rural areas, respectively. High income group is by and large more physically inactive (28.6% vs. 24.7%) as compared to low-income group.The Indian Council for Medical Research says work-related sedentary pattern is high in urban (64.1%) and peri-urban areas (44.8%) as compared to rural areas (39.0%). Leisure time physical inactivity was as high as 84.3% in urban, 87.9% in peri-urban/slum and 86% in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16985660", "title": "RSS chief renews Ram temple call", "text": "AMRAVATI: Exhorting Hindus to continue their struggle till a majestic Ram temple is built at Ayodhya, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat on Saturday warned that attempts were being made to acquire a large plot of land adjacent to Ram Janmabhoomi to hand it over to the Muslim community.Speaking at a Sant Chintan Sammelan at Ambadevi temple here, Bhagwat said the Hindu community will have to continue its struggle to realize the dream of building the Ram temple in Ayodhya, indicating that the RSS was reviving the temple issue in a big way. In his Vijayadashami speech on Wednesday at the annual function of the Sangh in Nagpur, he had raised the matter demanding that any structure for minority community should be allowed outside Ayodhya.Bhagwat was in the city to participate in the meet of religious heads as part of the three-day congregation underway here. The event marked the culmination of 2,500 crore 'Jap yagya' in which thousands of devotees participated to recite the mantra 'On Namo Bhagwate Wasudevaya.' The 'jap' was started a year ago under the stewardship of Jitendranath Maharaj of Devnath Peeth, Anjangaon Surji.The RSS chief said the world over there is a struggle going on between \"dharma and adharma\". Referring to the UPA government's latest economic policies, he said it here is colluding with multinational companies to hand over our land, water and forest and this was no less than treading the path of \"adharma\".Highlighting the plight of Hindus in the country, Bhagwat showered praise on Jitendranath Maharaj of Devnath Peeth for undertaking this massive initiative.On Friday, a 'Matru Shakti' convention was organized in which over 5,000 women participated. Rastra Sevika Sangh chief Shantakka stressed on the need for Indian women to regain their divine role symbolizing dedication, devotion and sacrifice to society without falling prey to western models of market materialism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980764", "title": "Sonakshi gets a taste of Ajay\u2019s pranks", "text": "That Ajay Devgn is a prankster is a well-known fact in Bollywood. And now, Sonakshi Sinha got a first-hand experience of his antics while shooting for Son Of Sardaar.Recalling one such incident, the actress says, \"I love gajar ka halwa and Ajay knew about my weakness. Once on the sets, he offered me some yummy gajar ka halwa and, without suspecting anything, I took a spoonful of it. But the minute I tasted it, my mouth was on fire. He had actually fed me chilly paste instead of halwa. For 30 minutes after that, I was jumping up and down. Also, Ajay pulls a straight face while playing pranks. So no one really suspects him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986193", "title": "I-T operations against realty firm continue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The income-tax (I-T) operation against city-based Amrapali Group continued on Saturday. I-T officials have attached 17 bank lockers belonging to the group promoters and their associates.I-T officials had cracked down on the realty and bullion trading company on Friday. Around 150 officials searched and surveyed 30 premises of the group and its associates in Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Delhi, Silvassa , Hyderabad and Mumbai.The company has business interests spread across realty, bullion, capital market , finance and commodity trading.The officials said that the company has also bagged contracts from Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) for projects at Kankaria Lakefront and Sabarmati Riverfront.I-T officials said that documents pointing towards unaccounted income have been recovered during the operation. They have found details about two city-based developers who are likely to be surveyed during the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985766", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan lays foundation stone for Sherpur engine factory", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan laid the foundation stone for railway engine manufacturing plant at Sherpur in Sehore district on Saturday. The first private sector railway engine plant is coming up at a cost of Rs 300 crore.Chouhan said that every possibility of industrial development and investment which can accelerate pace of the state's development and generate maximum job opportunities, are being explored in the state. As a result of this thinking and efforts of the state government, MP has touched new dimensions of economic and social development.Chouhan said that the Cabinet has sanctioned new industrial areas in MP. Funds have been sanctioned to upgrade existing 11 industrial areas. He said that in the years to come, non-conventional and employment-oriented sectors will be promoted through GIS.Industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya said that industrial houses have lauded the conducive atmosphere for industries in the state. The new factory will provide direct employment to 1,800 people and provide livelihood to 10,000 families, he said adding that industrialists from the US are investing funds in Sehore.Daulatram Industries managing director C P Sharma and chairman of NREC, USA, Steven Lauren Bell gave information about the plant. An MoU was signed by the company at Khajuraho Summit-2 on October 23, 2010 for manufacturing diesel and electrical locomotives and spare parts at Sherpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16987674", "title": "Police: IM men involved in three bank robberies", "text": "INDORE: Police claimed on Saturday that two Indian Mujahiddin (IM) members were involved in three bank robberies that took place in Indore in the past four years. Barring the alleged two IM members, who are currently lodged in Navi Mumbai jail, six other accused have been identified. Of the six accused, only two have been arrested so far.Talking to media here on Saturday, Inspector General of Police (Indore range) Anuradha Shankar said name of the accused Mobin alias Irfan alias Faiyaz and Ameen alias Anees alias Raja are residents of Khajrana. They are believed to be involved in Ahmedabad serial blast that occurred in 2008. They are already in Navi Mumbai jail along with other 17 accused charged under the MACOCA. Anuradha Shankar said Mobin is the kingpin in robberies that took place in Indore. She named other accused, including Jaspal Singh, Ilias, Siddqui and his three accomplices (all from Bareli in Uttar Pradesh), Vikki alias Mahendra Singh from Rudrapur of Uttarakhand, and one from Indore. However, the IG did not reveal the names of three accomplices of Siddiqui and an Indore-based accused for security reasons.She said the police released and uploaded CCTV footage on social networking website recently. One of informers told the police that two men, who had been shown in the footage, are currently lodged in Mumbai jail. After verifying the facts, the police began looking for their accomplices.Following the clue, the police arrested Jaspal from Bareli and Vikki from Rudrapur and they spilled the beans on robbery cases. Earlier, a gang of some unidentified miscreants had looted Rs 58,60,000 from Bank of Maharashtra (Kanaria Road branch) in a broad daylight on December 12, 2008. Another robbery of Rs 15,28,000 from Oriental Bank of Commerce (Sapna-Sangeeta branch) was reported on January 4 in 2010 and the third robbery of Rs 5,31,000 from Bank of Baroda (Goyal Nagar branch) in September 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985999", "title": "Distribute sweets, Bhavesh is being released, jailer said", "text": "MUMBAI: Advocates in the UK and Pakistan who worked months and years to lobby for the freedom of Vile Parle resident Bhavesh Parmar are happy their efforts bore fruit. Bhavesh returned to India from Kot Lakhpat jail in Lahore on Thursday.The Parmars' neighbour of 30 years, Devendra Shah, recalled that UK-based lawyer-activist Jas Uppal was the first to approach the family to offer help. She forged a sustained campaign by persistently writing letters to the United Nations , Human Rights Watch and the foreign ministries and embassies of both countries. Afterwards she procured copies of Bhavesh's identification documents from us and distributed them across international fora to prove he was an Indian national. This expedited his release,\" said Shah, asking his son Sachin to show her emails on the computer.Like local activist Jatin Desai, Jas Uppal feels that the Indian government is not proactive in seeking freedom for its nationals. She told TOI she would write one email every day to outgoing foreign minister S M Krishna. \"There are too many Indians unlawfully detained in Pakistani prisons. The Indian authorities do next to nothing to help these people. There are no provisions for access to consular and legal advice, which is in breach of international law and convention. India was granted a seat on the UN Human Rights Council in May 2011, yet it fails to protect its nationals.\"Bhavesh Parmar's Pakistani advocate Awais Sheikh faced cynicism over the promised release date of October 25 given that his earlier commitment of September 28 had come to nought. \"I filed a petition in the Lahore high court and was happy to see it was fixed before Justice Manzoor Ahmad Malik, the same judge who had released my client Surjeet Singh. He issued a notice to the state,\" Sheikh said.On October 23, he received a call from a jail staffer who accompanies prisoners to Wagah once they are freed. \"Mithai khilao, aap ka banda release ho raha hai (Feed me sweets, your man is being released),\" the jailer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986276", "title": "Comprehensive plan to renovate Dona Paula jetty: Panaji city corporation", "text": "PANAJI: If municipal authorities are to be believed, the Dona Paula jetty is likely to see some renovation work soon. The jetty is in need of urgent repair in certain parts. The railings of the jetty have corroded and fallen off and have been replaced by temporary bamboo poles tied to the parapet. The poles are tied irregularly and are a cause for concern for the safety of visitors.Mayor of Panaji Vaidehi Naik while acknowledging that the railings were a concern said that \"work on the jetty will begin soon.\"Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues told STOI \"we will get the repairs done. We are on the job and are working a comprehensive plan for the jetty.\"He said railings, electricity poles, lighting fixtures, public amenities including toilets and parking will be a part of this plan.Although the jetty had been renovated a few years ago, the railings used were metallic and have corroded due to the highly saline air surrounding the jetty, which is a popular tourist spot. The renovation work had been planned for the first Iffi in the state in 2004 but was completed late.Rodrigues said a consultant will look into what material can be used for the railings as this material has to be anti-corrosive.He said it will take a couple of months to get the estimates of the work on the jetty.The CCP is currently engaged in various pre-Iffi work of sprucing up the city in time for the film festival that begins on November 20 in Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16987016", "title": "Sahay quits, Balmuchu to get Cabinet berth", "text": "RANCHI: Rajya Sabha MP Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu is likely to take oath as member of the Union cabinet on Sunday. He will be replacing Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay who is tipped to be the new president of Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) in place of Balmuchu.Sahay resigned from the cabinet on Saturday paving the way for the induction of a new face from Jharkhand after eight years. He was the only minister in the Manmohan Singh cabinet from Jharkhand in UPA II.Sources in Congress party said that Balmuchu has been asked to be present at the swearing-in ceremony in New Delhi. Balmuchu, however, declined to comment . \"I have not received any formal information,\" said Balmuchu who got elected to the Upper House early this year. Since then, speculations were rife about his replacing Sahay.A senior Congress leader said that since Sahay's name cropped up in the coal scam, the party wanted to get rid of him and induct a new face from Jharkhand. Being a tribal, Balmuchu emerged as the first choice.On the other hand, by appointing Sahay as JPCC chief, the party will try to consolidate its position in the state. He will be given responsibility of strengthening the party before the next general election by consolidating the non-tribal voters, which constitute around 75% of the electorate. Till now all the JPCC chiefs in the state were tribals.\"Poor organization in the state and disenchantment of non-tribals with Congress was made clear to AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi during his visit. We feel that Rahul has taken the matter seriously and decided to make a non-tribal JPCC chief. Since Sahay is a non tribal, who also needs to be respectfully rehabilitated in the organization after ouster from the Union cabinet, his appointment as JPCC chief will serve both the purposes,\" said a source.A section of Congress leaders are not happy with the idea of Sahay being appointed as JPCC chief as he lacks dynamism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985596", "title": "PM's 'Hyderabad Pledge' for bio fund has no takers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The much-hyped `Hyderabad Pledge' announced by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at the recently concluded biodiversity conference (CoP-11) has failed to attract even a single signatory. The official website of the convention on biological diversity (CBD) shows that India alone is party to this pledge that calls for monetary assistance from member countries to successfully achieve the `Aichi Targets' on biodiversity conservation.The Prime Minister had promised a $50 million fund for `green' projects in the country at CoP and also assured support to developing nations for similar work. But, while Manmohan Singh as president of the meet would have imagined that his plea to other nations to come on board the pledge would result in accumulation of more funds, it has clearly not been the case.The blame for the poor support to this initiative should be borne by India alone, feel environmentalists. They rue how the host nation made no effort in the last two years, since it was handed over responsibility to organise the 11th CoP, to formalize the pledge and convince some countries to sign it by the end of the summit. \"Had it spoken to other members in advance and garnered their support, the pledge would have seemed more serious. Now, it only appears like a rushed decision of the government used as a desperate measure to prove something to the world. But unfortunately, India has failed miserably,\" said Ashish Kothari, founder member of the Indian NGO `Kalpavriksh'. Criticising the size of the fund, Kothari added, \"If it failed to get any more signatories, India should have pledged larger funds. This money is going to do no good.\"'Promises mere lip service'In fact, activists and observers who have closely followed all the 11 conventions, note that these \"farcical announcements\" have come to become a part of all Conference of Parties.Be it the one held in Germany (LifeWeb initiative for protected areas) or the more recent meet in Japan (Satayoma initiative for sustainable use of biodiversity), each concluded with the host nation launching an initiative that failed to find any support among other members of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD).\"Both these pledges called for members to pool in money to assist documentation work in their respective areas. But, as it turns out, only the host nations are party to such initiatives.\"Such announcements have become a norm at every convention, but they are conveniently forgotten once the meet draws to an end,\" said Ramya Rajagopalan, member of the International Collective in Support of Fish-workers.Predictably, the activist is not surprised that India, too, joined the bandwagon when it got a chance to host the conference and pronounced the 'Hyderabad Pledge'.\"It only goes on to show how serious countries across the globe really are about protecting their environment,\" said a participant at the international summit.Lashing out at the host nation, notwithstanding the ambitious pledge formulated by it, the environmentalist added that the measly sum announced by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was nothing but tokenism.\"As chair of the convention, India had to talk big to make people believe that it was a loyal CBD nation. In reality, however, it is doing all it can to destroy its biodiversity,\" the participant added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16985235", "title": "5-day tourism fest begins in Tawang", "text": "ITANAGAR: Governor J J Singh inaugurated the first edition of the Tawang tourism festival on Friday here in the presence of chief minister Nabam Tuki, tourism minister Pema Khandu, WRD minister Newlai Tingkhatra, UD minister Rajesh Tacho and parliamentary secretaries TN Thongdok, PD Sona, Jambey Tashi, Tsewang Dhondup, Phurpa Tsering and RT Khunjuju.The governor hoped that the five-day tourism festival will take Tawang a notch higher in the tourism map of the world. Congratulating the people of Tawang, he expressed happiness that Tawang had become the face of Arunachal Pradesh in the last couple of years. The governor was, however, skeptical about the condition of roads that lead to Tawang. He urged the Border Road Organization (BRO) authorities to take the matter seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16986855", "title": "\u2018Use modern methods for TB diagnosis\u2019", "text": "KANNUR: Though science and technology have made leaps and bounds in the country, when it comes to the treatment of tuberculosis, there are still many challenges to overcome, said director of health services .\"Even now we follow the 125-year-old sputum smear microscopy test to detect TB and it is high time we use modern methods for the diagnosis of the disease, especially multidrug-resistant (MDR) tuberculosis. Kerala should become a model for the country in treating TB,\" she said while delivering the presidential address at the inauguration of the state conference of the TB Association of Kerala (TB Con-2012) at the Chamber Hall here on Saturday.In India nearly one lakh new people go for TB treatment every month, whereas over 10 lakh are reported to be getting the infection in a month, she said underscoring the importance of an awareness campaign.She also said we should have a healthy lifestyle to prevent non-communicable diseases like diabetes to wipe away the ill-reputation that Kerala is the world's capital of diabetes.District panchayat president K A Sarala, who inaugurated the conference, said people's participation is of utmost importance to ensure the success of the government programmes in preventing TB.District medical officer Dr R Ramesh welcomed the gathering. Dr M Sunilkumar, honorary secretary, TB Association of Kerala, presented the report.As scientific programme was also organized in which experts in the field presented papers on various aspects of tuberculosis.Even now we follow the 125-year-old sputum smear microscopy test to detect TB and it is high time we use modern methods for the diagnosis of the disease, especially multidrug-resistant (MDR) tuberculosisDr P K Jameela | director, health services", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "honda", "code": "16986446", "title": "Not everyone's observing the ban", "text": "HONDA: Despite the Supreme Court ban on all mining activities in the state, including on extraction and transportation of ore, illegal transportation of ore was reported in some parts of Sattari and Bicholim talukas recently.Locals told STOI that till a few days ago some truck owners were found to be transporting iron ore from Harvalem and surrounding areas to the Pissurlem industrial estate. The activity was carried out late at night and was restricted to Saturdays, Sundays and holidays, they said.Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar told STOI, \"In Vaghus, a few days ago, we found trucks carrying iron ore after 6pm. We took the drivers into custody and have referred the matter to the directorate of mines and geology.\"Valpoi PI Ramesh Gaonkar, when contacted, said, \"As soon as we received information about iron ore transportation at night, we ordered our police teams to carry out patrolling during late night hours. Steps will be taken to stop the repetition of such incidents. We will also investigate if any iron ore transportation has taken place between Harvalem and Pissurlem.\"Hanumant Parab, a social activist from Pissurlem, said, \"Some trucks were seen late at night carrying iron ore. People noticed them only because they were disturbing the silence of the village.\" He said he immediately informed police personnel at the Honda outpost.Bicholim-based activist Ramesh Gauns said, \"Besides Honda, some truck owners were involved in ore transportation in Bicholim areas.\" He alleged the truck owners were hand-in-glove with government officials.\"There is an urgent need to deal with illegal ore transportation strictly. In Karnataka, despite the SC ban ore transportation was on in Bellary. In Goa the illegalities have the backing of politicians with vested interests,\" Gauns alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985724", "title": "Another final, another win for Jeevan", "text": "MUMBAI: Perseverance, they say, is the mother of all success and Jeevan Neduncheziyan took just 65 minutes to prove it.The sixth-seeded Indian kept his perfect 4-0 record in the finals after dismissing Mate Pavic of Croatia 6-1, 6-1 to clinch the CCI-ITF Futures title, here on Saturday.Jeevan's previous three wins came against compatriots Vishnu Vardhan , N Sriram Balaji and Marc Giner of Spain. It was a morale-boosting win for Jeevan, who pocketed 27 ATP ranking points and $1,950 in prize money, having sustained a twisted ankle at the Gandhinagar Futures in early August and a subsequent muscle tear in Iran just a week later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16987191", "title": "Police more popular than Red jan adalats", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The frequency of Maoist jan adalats has gone down here in the past few months. Now, Maoists are hosting them once in three to four months.A resident of Chainpur block, Ram Prasad (name changed as he had once attended an adalat) told TOI that villagers are disenchanted with the rebels and hence turning to the police. \"This is the reason why even petty cases are being reported to the police and not the rebels,\" said an officer.The Chainpur police station officer-in-charge, Manoj Thakur, said they receive about 30 cases everyday. \"Most of the cases are of petty nature, like someone's cattle grazing on someone else's field, chicken flying into someone's kitchen, a tiff with a neighbour and so on,\" he said.The officer said that the complaints are addressed by them directly. \"We do not encourage filing of FIRs because then we would have a mountain of FIRs. The problems are sorted out by us,\" said Thakur.He narrated a case where two neighbours were at war with each other for believing that one had cast an evil spell on the other's family whereby a woman member of the family was taken ill. A lot of money was spent on her treatment but she was not cured. \"Earlier, these cases would be taken to jan adalats but of late they are coming to us. The Maoists have lost much ground in the past five-six years. They have also lost the confidence of villagers,\" said the officer.The Chainpur block in Palamu has two police stations, Chainpur and Ramgarh because of the high incidence of Maoist activities. Consequently, the people have come more close to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992703", "title": "Nominations, provocation rules the Bigg Boss house", "text": "Sayantani Ghosh gets evicted and bids adieu to all the housemates. Being the third eviction, the housemates start feeling the heat. Delnaaz &amp; Sapna are the most upset about Sayantani's exit.The housemates hug each other and move back into the house. Sapna is furious with Salman Khan post her interaction with him. Sapna vent out her frustration with the superstar to Delnaaz &amp; Aseem. She stresses on the fact that just because he is the host, he has no right to demean and make fun of everyone's feelings and emotions. Aseem being her best friend takes her for a walk and tries to calm her down. An upset Sapna goes on explaining her stand until all the housemates calm her down. After a while, Sapna is seen upset and worried about changing as a person inside the Bigg Boss house.Niketan is seen talking to Karishma in the garden area. Niketan explains that Bigg Boss is a reality show where in everyone signs their contracts and agrees to do whatever they are supposing to. People cannot change the rules/format of the entire show just to please their personal interests. Karishma intervenes and says that she agrees to both their perspectives partially. The nominations take place and a few housemates are nominated for next week's eviction. The housemates go to sleep after a tough day. The next morning, the housemates wake up to the song - \"Khalbali\". The housemates dance and wake up to a day full of surprises. Vrajesh is seen near the kitchen sink with Aseem. Vrajesh burst out his anger and shouts as he is upset with those housemates who use their coffee mugs, plates and leave it near the sink like it is a hotel. The 'taken for granted' attitude of such housemates is the sole reason for his outburst.A while later Bigg Boss sent in some goodies for the housemates to celebrate 'Bakreid'. Sana Khan got the most excited about the gifts and the rest of the housemates celebrate the joy of some delicious food and dessert. Sana &amp; Aashka are seen reading the Namaz in their room. Delnaaz is then called into the confession room by Bigg Boss and given a special power to save someone from nominations. Sidhu is seen talking to Delnaaz about Sapna and her viewpoints. Aseem is seen with Urvashi, Karishma, Niketan etc in the floral room. Aseem starts teasing Karishma about her looks and reason to be in Bigg Boss. All the housemates share a laugh, until an offended Karishma gets up and walks out of the room.The housemates are seen in the garden area. Aseem is seen with Rajev and an angry Karishma is talking about. Aseem tries to apologize to her but Karishma fades away. Soon Niketan, Rajev etc go and console Karishma who seems to be upset with the others for laughing at her. Niketan adds fuel to the fire by saying he stopped once he saw Aseem cross his limits. Sapna &amp; Karishma are seen together and Sapna helps Aseem to apologize to Karishma. Sapna asks Sampat to move from the garden chairs to leave Aseem &amp; Karishma alone. After the duo patch up Sampat vents her anger in Sapna for making her get up for no reason. Sapna justifies her point to the rest of the housemates. After yet another strenuous day, the housemates go to sleep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986759", "title": "Will sugar industries' golden days return in Bihar?", "text": "PATNA: With the state government set to hold an Udyami Panchayat here on October 29, which will, among other things, focus on the problems concerning the sugar industry, industrial circles are keenly watching if the state government would come out with a fresh initiative to give a big push to the industry in the state.Though the state's sugar industry has shown signs of revival in recent years - sugar production went up from 3.86 lakh tonnes in 2010-11 to 4.51 lakh tonnes in 2011-12 - it is far from its heydays in 1950s. At one time, Bihar had 33 sugar mills, but the number of running sugar mills had come down to 28 by 1980. Later, most of the sugar mills became sick and many of them were taken over by the state government and put under the control of Bihar State Sugar Corporation, which could not revive them by 2005. Under the NDA regime, the revival of sugarcane industry was planned with auction of many sick sugar mills.The government's efforts have begun to show results. The sugarcane crushing capacity of the state's sugar mills has increased from 32,000 tonnes crushed per day (TCD) in 2004-2005 to 55,000 TCD in 2012-13. Harinagar sugar mill in West Champaran has hiked its capacity to 10,000 TCD (earlier 8,500 TCD), Narkatiaganj sugar mill in the same district to 7,500 TCD (from 5,000 TCD), Sidhwalia mill in Gopalganj district to 5,000 TCD (3,500 TCD), Sasamusa mill in the same district to 3,500 TCD (2,450 TCD) and MP Chini Udyog in West Champaran district to 4,500 TCD (3,500 TCD) during the last one year, according to sugarcane department sources.At present, the state has nine privately-run sugar mills and two sugar mills being run in public sector by the Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited at Lauria and Sugauli. The nine privately-run sugar mills under operation are located at Bagaha, Riga, Hasanpur, Harinagar, Narkatiaganj, Majhaulia, Gopalganj, Sidhwalia and Sasamusa. Three more sugar mills are under revival mode at Motipur, Raiyyam and Lohat after their auction. Motipur mill is being revived by the public sector company, Indian Potash Limited, while the Raiyyam and Lohat sugar mills are being revived under private sector, according to the department sources. The sick sugar mills at Bihta, Sakri and Madhubani are making way for other industries. While Bihta mill is being developed as a logistic park, the one at Sakri is to be developed into a food park in private sector, the sugarcane official said.The sugarcane department will soon initiate the process to invite fifth tender for the auction of seven sick sugar mills of the Bihar State Sugar Corporation, the official said, adding that bids from both private and public sector companies would be invited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ankleshwar", "code": "16986495", "title": "NCP demands 22 seats from Congress", "text": "ANKLESHWAR: Congress' ally NCP has demanded that it be allowed to field candidates on 22 seats for the forthcoming Gujarat assembly polls.Sources said NCP state president Jayanti Boski met senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel at his residence at Piraman village near Ankleshwar on Saturday and put forward his demand.Boski said, \"It was a formal pre-election meeting with Ahmedbhai. We have put forward our demand. However, the crucial decision would be taken at Delhi in the first week of November.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990272", "title": "A mane makeover", "text": "Want to look smarter, leaner and sexier? Get a shorter haircut. Follow the stars who went from boys to men.What do you do when you want to let the world know that you've transitioned from a boy to a man? Our suggestion is simple \u2014 shorten your mane. Teen pop sensation Justin Bieber has done it to change his image in a bid to appeal to a new demographic. Bieber has trimmed his signature mop top, now known as the \"Bieber bob\", that was literally his crowning glory. \"He knows that as he grows older, it will be harder to appeal to his fan base of young girls,\" his spokesperson told an American daily. While tweens mourned the lessening of his locks, the spiky new look has earned him new admirers among older girls. A decade ago, Justin Timberlake had also successfully used the same strategy to shed his boy band image. So, shall we say 'snip, snip'?Justin Bieber has left his mop top days behind for an image overhaul with a spiky new do. \"I'm just trying to be like [footballer David] Beckham,\" he said in an interview. Bieber reportedly got the haircut to look grown-up and appeal to a wider fan base.When you don't want to crop too much of your locks, slick them to one side, like Hrithik Roshan does when he wants to look dapper. His other trick to looking sexier: a stubble. Stubbly men offer women the best worlds \u2014 not too macho, but mature enough.When Ashton Kutcher arrived in Hollywood, he always had a baseball cap glued to his long, ruffled hair. But after meeting former wife Demi Moore , he revamped his look to a shorter, neater hairdo with just a little bit of scruff. For his current look, keep the length two inches in the front and an inch on either side.Actor Ryan Gosling has come a long way from his goofy Notebook days. The short top with cropped sides, that he now sports , is ideal for achieving versatility, since you can wear it tousled or neat and achieve both hairstyles with the simple use of styling products.In his 20-year career, Shah Rukh Khan has experimented with a variety of looks, both on and off the screen. He is not one for cropped hair, so when SRK wants to switch from looking funny-cute to serious-sexy (like in Jab Tak Hai Jaan above), he changes his mane from silky and floppy to gelled and edgy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986271", "title": "Mahindra company bids 260crore for Guindy plot", "text": "CHENNAI: Mahindra Life Spaces, part of the $15 billion Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Group , has emerged the highest bidder for a 4.85-acre plot of the Madras Race Club in Guindy with a bid in excess of 260 crore. This values the land at nearly 3 crore per ground.The Madras Race Club had mandated international real estate consultant CB Richard Ellis to find buyers for a small portion of the large swathes of land it holds in Guindy. While three bidders were in the fray , the Mahindra company emerged the highest bidder when the bids were opened on Friday evening. The other bidders were Arihant of Chennai and RMZ from Bangalore.\"The final announcement is expected in the next couple of days. We know the winning bid is upwards of 260 crore, making it the biggest in the residential space in recent times,\" sources said. turns from hereWhile officials at CB Richard Ellis were not reachable, a spokesperson of Mahindra Life Spaces said, \"We keep evaluating various land parcels and participating in bids based on growth plans. It would be premature and speculative to comment on any such deals until the set out process by a seller is completed and due diligence done.\"Under normal circumstances, in such transactions the losing bidders are given an opportunity to match or better the bid. In this case, it is learnt they may not be keen to get into a bidding war. It is also learnt that Mahindra plans to build a massive residential project in the property with upmarket specs. \"It is a very good deal for the buyer. The land parcel is prime property for residential development as it is in close proximity to suburban railway lines, the upcoming metro rail route, five star hotels and the airport. Additionally, the promise of a race course view is a huge plus,\" sources said.In August, Tractors &amp; Farm Equipments (Tafe) had acquired a 6 ground plot (one ground equals 2,400 square feet) at nearly 6.5 crore per ground in Nungambakkam. \"That was a smaller land deal in value terms and it was for commercial development, while this is residential ,\" sources said.Among other large transactions that are waiting to be concluded are the sale of Safire theatre property by the ruling AIADMK. This is a potential 150 crore deal. Also, the process to identify buyers for a 10.16 acre plot, owned by Hindustan Teleprinters in Guindy and potentially valued at 350 crore, is currently underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16987759", "title": "Cops transferred following clashes", "text": "HUBLI: The police commissioner has transferred two police inspectors and suspended a constable following Friday's incident in which eight cops allegedly assaulted four activists of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad.Sources said on Saturday that Sachin Chalawadi from old Hubli police station and Mohan Prasad from Kasba Pet police station have been transferred to the CoP office. Constable Abbas Sunkad has been suspended.Earlier in the day, VHP regional head Chandrashekar Gokak threatened to launch a stir if all the eight policemen were not suspended by Sunday. Speaking to reporters, Chandrashekar Gokak said action should be taken against CPI Mohan Prasad, Sachin Chalawadi, constables Abbas Sunkad, Kattimani, Ibrahim Dharwad, Dhanigond, Dhavale and Jamadaar.Gokak said, \"On Friday, our activists informed police regarding shifting of cattle to the slaughterhouse. However, instead of taking action against those responsible for shifting the cattle, police assaulted our activists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16987527", "title": "Saina sinks Schenk again, rolls into final", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Saina Nehwal juggernaut rolls on. The Indian ace stormed into the final of the Yonex French Open Super Series with a straight-game victory 21-19, 21-8 over Juliane Schenk of Germany and is only a step away from achieving a monumental feat of clinching back-to-back titles for the third time in her career.She had achieved a hat-trick of titles in June 2010, won two in a row in June 2012 and is closing in on another second successive triumph on Sunday after claiming the Denmark Open on October 21.Incidentally, this is the 10th straight victory for the world No.3, who last lost to Wang Yihan of China at the London Olympics semifinals.Saina was slow off the blocks in the first game as Juliane, who lost to the Indian at the Denmark final, began with a bristling pace. She was off to a 3-0 start and though the Indian pushed hard to reduce the lead, the German managed to extend the lead to 15-10 and then looked all set to clinch the first game as she led 19-16 .It was here that Saina changed gears as she came back brilliantly reeling off five consecutive points. Involving the athletic German in energy sapping rallies, Saina went for the kill with some calculated risks. The German, slipped on the court and looked dumbstruck after an immaculately judged shot rolled over the net giving her no chance. Stung by Saina's sudden revival and tired after the long and testing rallies, Juliane lost momentum and was not able to regain her rhythm.Saina will now meet Minatsu Mitani of Japan, who defeated compatriot Eriko Hirose 21-19, 21-10 in the other semifinal.Saina had defeated Minatsu in the second round of the Denmark Open and enjoys a 3-0 career record over her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16986513", "title": "Three youths killed in road accident in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Three youths were killed in a road accident on Bhesan highway on the outskirts of the city on Saturday.The victims, who were friends, were from Dandi village of Surat district. They were on a motorcycle and were crushed by a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction.The deceased have been identified as Rasik Khalasi (23), Vimal Khalasi (25) and Amit Khalasi (26). The victims were on their way to Hazira where they worked. None of the victim was wearing a helmet.Police said the victims were trying to overtake a truck when they were hit by another one coming from the opposite side at about 7.30 am. Amit was married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986464", "title": "Students show solidarity with Pak girl who took on Taliban", "text": "CHENNAI: \"I am Malala\" -- around 100 children claimed, as they crowded around the Gandhi statue on the Marina Beach on Saturday morning. Students of several schools in and around the city pledged support to Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai, who was shot in the head by Taliban earlier this month for campaigning for education for girls.It was the hope of creating positive vibes that made the students wake up early on a weekend to travel, some as far as 50km, to the Marina. \"I admire her courage. It takes a lot of guts to stand up to people with guns, knowing fully well that they can hurt you very badly. I wanted to join the mass prayer and hope that it will make Malala well,\" said M Hamritha Kokila Kripa, a Class 11 student of Shree Niketan Matriculation School.The students walked up to tourists out to watch the sun rise on the beach and walkers on their fitness routine and asked them whether they knew Malala, the cause she worked for, and how she was now fighting for her life because of that. Pamphlets on Malala's life, and supporting the cause of the right to education of the girl child were handed out. \"I wanted as many people to join the prayer so when some people said they had to go to work or said they weren't interested I begged them to join,\" said a student. The children managed to gather around 30 members of the public to join them in an all-faith prayer.It all started with the news section of the morning assembly earlier this month. \"When the students heard about the attack on Malala they were shocked. It was a learning experience for them. They became more aware of the ways in which boys and girls are treated differently,\" said R J Bhuvanesh, CEO of the Kaligi Ranganathan Montfort Group of Schools.Hamritha said he saw gender discrimination in subtler ways around her. She talked of the time when the parents of some of her friends refused to let them go on a five-day educational tour. \"We know that they are worried, but they are missing out on so much. We noticed that parents have no such issues with boys,\" Hamritha said. G Eveline Craned, one of the teachers accompanying the children, said that gender discrimination is a universal problem. \"I'm glad that the children have a positive role model from among their peers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16990782", "title": "Mughal treasures to be exhibited in UK", "text": "LONDON: Treasures from the Mughal-era, including the gem-set crown worn by Bahadur Shah II, last emperor of the dynasty which ruled India for about 200 years, will be displayed in a major exhibition in the UK.Jewels, rare ornaments, paintings and intricately illustrated manuscripts exploring the extravagant lives of the Mughal emperors will feature in the British Library's exhibition, The Telegraph reported.The empire ruled in the South Asian subcontinent for more than 400 years and at its peak, the empire encompassed most of present-day India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.Among the exhibition's highlights will be the gold and gem-set crown worn by Bahadur Shah II, the last Mughal emperor who ruled from 1837 to 1858, who was deposed and exiled to Burma.Set with rubies, emeralds, diamonds, pearls and turquoise, the crown was acquired by Queen Victoria in 1861 and will be on loan from the Royal Collection.At an auction of imperial jewels and valuables from his court in Delhi, Bahadur's crown and two throne chairs were bought by Major Robert Tytler of the 38th Regiment of Native Infantry.On his return to England in 1860, he offered the items to Queen Victoria, who bought them for 500 pounds the following year.A rare jade and gem-studded \"fly-whisk\", dating from the mid-17th century, will also be on loan from a private collection.It is thought to have been used by an attendant to Shah Jahan, who built the Taj Mahal.The exhibition, which opens next month, will also include treasures from the reign of Jahan's father, Jahangir Shah, who ruled from 1605 to 1627 and was renowned for his love of jade and natural history.They include a jade terrapin, modelled on a \"three-striped roofed turtle\", a species native to the Ganges River in India.Among more than 200 exhibits from the British Library's collection that will go on display is an ivory sculpture of Akbar Shah II, the emperor from 1806 to 1837.\"These stunning jewelled objects, manuscripts and paintings from Mughal India, some never before exhibited, open a window into a long-diminished world,\" Dr Malini Roy, the curator of visual arts at the British Library, said.\"They reveal how the Mughals were determined to leave behind legacies of huge wealth and power and capture the true flavour of what Mughal court life must have been like - extravagant and colourful,\" Roy said.The exhibition will also feature drawings, paintings and photographs of majestic Mughal buildings, including the Taj Mahal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986791", "title": "AIADMK councillor\u2019s son arrested for bigamy", "text": "CHENNAI: An AIADMK woman councillor's son was arrested in Triplicane on Friday on charges of bigamy. Dhanasekar, himself a member of the AIADMK, married a woman named Malar two years ago and the couple have an 18-month-old son. Malar, now pregnant with the couple's second child, found out recently that Dhanasekar had married Usha, a relative, a month ago.She tried to reach Dhanasekar but he refused to meet her. Malar lodged a complaint with the Triplicane all-women police. A case was registered and Dhanasekar arrested. His mother Nagamani is a councillor of ward 59 in the city corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989776", "title": "Raxstar presents Teri Maut", "text": "How many UK Asian songs, whether Punjabi or Urban, can you recall that discuss the issue of death? How many producers would break boundaries on their debut release by fusing the emotive strings of the Sarangi with hard-hitting military-esque cinematic music? On Halloween you will find 'Teri Maut' discuss all that and much more.This is a sinister piece of creativity that has combined lyrics with the vocals of 3 globally based heavy-duty rappers. The trio give a fierce and unique representation of the concept through their lyrics, sound and flow. An idea that was the brain child of Cryptic Stanza back in 2009, has been given life by newcomer Gurvinder Singh, both of whom are based in Leicester, England. This is one intense single that strikes at the heart of how people forget that death is inevitably around the corner!The track features Raxstar, commonly seen as the standout UK Asian Rapper for many years, with something slightly different from his box of magic tricks. He unites with Toronto extraordinaire Genuine Soundz who has gained a vast online following over the past couple of years. Finally, we have Young Soorma with his raw Punjabi feel, providing the piece de resistance to the track. Each artist brings their own style, yet together these jigsaw pieces fit together like a masterpiece, the colours of death as painted by Gurvinder Singh.This is a stepping stone for the young producer who is currently working on his debut album 'The Cure' which features a real fusion of music with vocals from dance anthems like 'Aar Nachle' to the conveying of folk legends such as 'Sassi' and 'Sucha Soorma'.Teri Maut has been combined with a visually thought provoking video, thanks to the hard work and creativity of MadTatterFilms, who has given us the perfect visual aid to accompany the track. The video will also be released on Halloween.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986119", "title": "Sesa Goa Limited given nod for coke plant operation", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) on Saturday granted permission to Sesa Goa Limited to begin operating its coke oven plant on a trial basis for three months at Navelim in Bicholim taluka.The plant was ordered to be shut August-end this year following complaints of air pollution caused by soot emerging from it.Speaking to STOI, member secretary of the GSPCB Levinson Martins said, \"Permission has been given for a trial operation of three months under the strict supervision of the inspectorate of factories and boilers.\"The board, after the incident, had directed the chief inspector of the inspectorate of factories and boilers to conduct a comprehensive investigation of the incident and to submit a report to the GSPCB with its findings and recommendations. Martins said the inspectorate submitted the report with a recommendation, and after Sesa Goa complied with the recommendation, it was allowed to operate.\"There are technical recommendations and Sesa Goa has been asked to adhere to them,\" said Martins.On August 28, Sesa Goa was directed to stop all activities at its coke oven plant by the GSPCB. The directions had been issued under Section 31(A) of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and Section 33(A) of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974.This was a few days after black dust powder entered people's houses triggering protests from the locals in the following week. A bandh was observed by the residentsfor a day. Sesa Goa had said that the high-capacity diesel burners had misfired during pre-heating, releasing black smoke in the air on August 17 and August 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985542", "title": "TV actress, other accused get bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Chandanagar police arrested four accused in the TV serial accident case and produced them before a magistrate on Saturday. However, later in the evening, the four were granted bail by the magistrate.On Friday morning, five-year-old E Satvik Reddy died and an eight-year-old girl from his neighbourhood, Satvika, suffered injuries when TV actress Archana alias Aparna lost control of the Indica car which she was driving as part of the shoot of 'Indrani', a sop aired on Gemini TV, at VR Udyan Colony in Chandanagar and crashed it into the victims.Police booked cases against actress Archana, director Sarath Babu, manager Venkat Rao and car driver Raju under sections 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act), 338 (Causing grievous hurt due to rash or negligent act) and 201 (Causing disappearance of evidence or giving false information to screen the offender) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).According to police, the production crew fled from the spot immediately after the incident. \"Even the prime accused, Archana, also tried to escape from the spot, but locals caught her and handed her over to the police,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Madhapur, K Govardhan Reddy said.Police said the crew had not obtained permission to carry out the shoot at VR Udyan Colony, where the mishap occurred. The four were produced before the IX metropolitan magistrate in Miyapur. Later, in the evening, the four were granted bail after submitting Rs one lakh surety each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16985685", "title": "Urdu class attracts many students", "text": "The thought of acquiring a language skill occurs to many. But few select Urdu for this purpose. So it's a bit surprising that Qamar Hayat, a teacher of Urdu, is on to his 100th batch in the city.The Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh hall at Jhansi Rani Square fills up with a motley crowd every evening. The students as young as 12 and as old as 80 gather here to master the art of reading and writing Urdu, that too in just three months. The reasons are many. Some want to get a better grip of Bollywood songs and dialogues. Others want to write and understand ghazals and couplets and also want to be able to speak this culturally enriched language.Then there also those who feel that by learning the language they will acquire a bit of tehzeeb associated with it. Software professional Abhishek Varma says he has gained a lot by undertaking this course. \"Knowledge of Urdu gives a certain edge to a personality as it is an extremely sweet and sophisticated language. This rubs on those who speak it,\" he says and adds that he has learnt quite a bit and is expanding on it now.\"I have been running these classes since 1979 when I was working as Urdu teacher in an NMC school,\" says the soft-spoken Hayat who is now 62. People would tell him that they want to learn the language so that they can enjoy reading and listening to ghazals and shayari, he says. \"My approach as a teacher is fun filled and simple. By way of starting, I tell them that you all have learnt to write from left to right now it is time to move from right to left,\" says the gentle teacher who in his first batch had the likes of Anil Deshmukh and Bhau Samarth as students.Swapnil Jatkar who is employed with a local school, says his love for films and music compelled him to learn the language. \"I took this course to be able to comprehend songs and ghazals better. But once I began learning I fell in love with this language,\" he says and adds that after completing the course he even reads the Urdu paper on the Net now.There are some very intriguing reasons for learning this language too. Avinash Palkar, a government employee, learnt it so that he could maintain some privacy. \"I write a diary and I don't want anyone else to read it. So I enrolled for this class. But once I began learning it I realized how sweet and rich it was,\" he says.\"There were 180 enrolments in the first batch but the number has continued to decrease subsequently,\" says Hayat whose lessons come for free. \"I have never charged a penny for this and get my reward when my students are able to read and write Urdu by the end of third month.\" This is also a way to keep in touch with people and with his much cherished profession of teaching post-retirement.\"There is a misconception that Urdu is a Pakistani language. The fact is that it was born in Deccan and then spread to Uttar Pradesh and Delhi. Urdu even has some Sanskrit words in it that's why it is such a sweet language,\" informs Hayat and adds that it is a lashkari bhasha, a language used in the army.Manish Khanorkar, a bank employee and a Sanskrit scholar, says he did face such queries when he joined the class. \"People would ask me if I was converting to Islam. But I joined this class as I live in a Muslim-dominated area in Yashodhara Nagar and there are many signboards here written in Urdu,\" he says. It was his curiosity to know what's written on them that brought him to the class. \"I have learnt a bit of Urdu and am studying books to further my knowledge,\" he says and admits that the boards are simple, just Hindi words written in Urdu script.The syllabus is set by Hayat in coordination with Hindi and Marathi teachers. \"This has made comprehension much easy. Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh also gives a certificate to the students who complete three-month course,\" he informs.(Qamar Hayat can be contacted on his cell at 9890326223)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16986340", "title": "RoC may seek info from Gadkari over 'dubious' funding of his firms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trouble may come knocking at the door of beleaguered BJP chief Nitin Gadkari as the Registrar of Companies (RoC) may directly seek answers from him over the dubious funding of his companies by a clutch of entities.RoC Mumbai, which is carrying out an elaborate investigation of the flow of funds into Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL) by around 16 companies, is likely to seek information from the BJP leader as he is a former director on the company's board.\"The RoC will be seeking information from the companies as well as their directors. In this exercise, it may also seek details from former directors, and these include Gadkari,\" a senior official in the ministry of corporate affairs told TOI.While RoC does not have the power to summon, it has the authority to call for any information from any company or its official, including current or former directors, the source said.The BJP chief, one of the seven promoters of PPSL, currently holds only 310 shares worth Rs 3,100 in the company and is no more a director on its board.RoC, which will be filing its report with the ministry over the next two weeks, has started a \"threadbare\" investigation into the affairs of PPSL and its money transactions with around 16 companies that includes construction firm, Ideal Road Builders (IRB) Group, which had won contracts between 1995 and 1999, when Gadkari was the PWD minister in Maharashtra.It is actively seeking information from the companies over the financial transactions between them, also trying to corroborate that with the statutory filings made by them.Sources said the RoC's final view on the matter will determine whether an inspector should be appointed to probe the matter.\"This would happen if it finds serious lapses and irregularities in its final report,\" sources said.A top source in the ministry has already hinted that a probe by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) may be ordered into the matter as an initial investigation has found several \"mysterious transactions\", mainly resulting in \"circulation of money by various entities without any activity\".\"However, the future course of direction will depend on the final report that the RoC submits,\" the source said.Investments in Kolkata have emerged as a \"major angle\" in the investigation and the government has now zeroed in on the 16 entities that have been asked to \"mandatorily explain\" their activities and funding to Gadkari's company.The dealings of the companies, however, already look very suspicious, as per the initial report of the RoC. \"There have been serious irregularities and violations that have been noticed so far.\"The source said that the \"mysterious\" movement of money is the only major activity that had been noticed in the transactions between the entities. \"Broadly, there were no other activities other than the circulation of money. This is being look into now.\"TOI had reported earlier this week about the source of funding in PPSL by various companies, many of whom gave registered addresses that were unverifiable. Five such companies \u2014 Nivita Trades, Swiftsol, Rigma Fintrade, Ashwami Sales and Marketing and Earnwell Traders \u2014 are shown as registered at Dube Chawl, a slum in Mumbai's Andheri East. Interestingly, many of these firms were controlled by close aides of Gadkari, including his driver, his 'diwan' (accountant), his astrologer and two employees of PPSL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16987122", "title": "Garhwa water supply schemes get govt nod", "text": "GARHWA: The much-awaited urban water supply schemes of the district have got the chief minister's nod. Residents can now heave a sigh of relief as their long cherished dream of getting potable water will soon be fulfilled.Anita Dutt, Garhwa civic body chairperson, said that Arjun Munda has extended administrative approval to urban water supply schemes. The total cost of the project is around Rs 37.9 crore. She added, \"The detailed project report (DPR) of the schemes had already been prepared by Pune-based Samarth Engineering Company and was sent to the government for approval two and a half years ago. The DPR aimed to end water woes in Garhwa for the next 30 years.\"According to the DPR, water will be fetched through pipelines from the Koel river at Belchampa village, around 8 km from Garhwa town. An intake well will be constructed. Five water towers will also be constructed in the urban areas through which drinking water will be supplied to various wards. The urban water supply plan also includes a Rs 16 lakh-worth scheme for laying pipelines. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16990609", "title": "Auto, taxi unions hold awareness camps on tariff cards", "text": "MUMBAI: The auto and taxi unions are holding camps to create awareness among drivers on the high court directive on tariff cards.\"We are instructing all drivers to abide by the directives of the court and paste tariff cards prominently inside vehicles,'' said taxi union leader D A Salian. He held a camp for drivers on Saturday when they were asked to paste the tariff cards.Said union leader A L Quadros, \"I was among the first to meet all drivers and urge them to paste the tariff cards. Many passengers argue in the absence of a genuine tariff card in the vehicle. The drivers can now show the MMRTA-approved card, which bears the signatures of the MMRTA chairman and secretary. There should be no more confusion about paying the exact fares.\"Auto union leader Thampy Kurian too organised a meeting of drivers on Sunday and appealed to them to paste the tariff cards either behind the seat or on the windscreen. \"The card will benefit passengers, especially in autos fitted with mechanical meters. In e-meters, commuters can easily calculate the fares based on distance travelled (it is distance multiplied by Rs 9.87, plus the waiting time),'' he stated. The waiting charge in autos is Rs 1 per minute while it is Rs 1.20 per minute in taxis.Regional transport officer M B Jadhav said that the RTO has ordered 30,000 additional cards for distribution among drivers and traffic cops. \"We are ensuring that all drivers in Mumbai island city and suburbs have an original colour copy of the tariff card,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16986291", "title": "Road to investment revolution", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city's fast expanding real estate, education and IT sectors are often cited as shining examples of Bhubaneswar emerging as a preferred investment destination. However, authorities must address the state capital's saturated industrial space, high land price and poor infrastructure issues to sustain its growth, feel industry insiders.Besides Infocity I and II for the software industry, the city has two industrial estates of Mancheswar and Rasulgarh. \"The Industrial areas are over exploited. The government should create new industrial corridors within 30 to 40 km radius of the city so that more industries can come up outside the living core area,\" said Utkal Chamber of Commerce and Industry president Ramesh Mahapatra. Making available industrial area outside the city will reduce land cost for the entrepreneurs, which is a big part of the investment here, he said.An acre of land costs anything between Rs 8 crore and Rs 10 crore in the city. \"Land is a major problem. To overcome the shortage the government should create infrastructure in virgin localities away from the city and develop land parcels for industries and also for residential purposes,\" said Jayant K Parida, a professor of commerce in Utkal University. Consistency and transparency in policies should be in place for continued growth of the city to boost investors' confidence. Too many policies are changed too frequently, he pointed out.Though the government is vying for a single window clearance, investors still have to do lots of running around. For example, in case of a real estate project, one has to approach at least five agencies including Bhubaneswar Development Authority, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation, fire department, public health engineering department, and environment department for clearance. \"There is no time period fixed for any agency for action. As a result, projects have to wait for six months to over a year to get all the approvals in place. The processes should be simpler and time-bound, said D S Tripathy, state president of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India.Sources said though the city boasts of a vibrant IT sector, several big ticket investments promised in IT of late have not been materializing. K Raheja Corporation had signed a deal with the state government to establish an IT park under 'Mindspace' brand on over 25 acres of land in Mancheswar industrial estate area in 2008. Four years later, the non-starter project worth Rs 1000 crore has been 'almost' shelved, sources said.\"I can't comment on any specific case. However, the infrastructure in industrial estates is very poor to attract investments. The roads are non-commutable,\" said Debu Patnaik, convener of Invest Bhubaneswar, a forum working to attract investors to the city. The government should also create incubation centres to encourage new ventures to grow. This would help local entrepreneurs, he added.Along with the service industry, government should encourage creation of more service apartments and recreation facilities. Besides, the government should expedite the process for improving international air connectivity, Patnaik said.The city boasts of over 50 engineering colleges and 20 management colleges. The professional colleges, however, complain of lack of government support to sustain the sector. \"Every year thousands of engineering seats are lying vacant because of faulty government policies. Students from other states are willing to study here but the government has put a cap of admitting a maximum of eight per cent non-Odia students. Many institutions will be forced to close down if the present trend continues,\" said Binod Dash, secretary of Odisha Private Engineering Colleges Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990225", "title": "Ramya and Shivanna to pair up for Babu's next", "text": "Century Star Shivaraj Kumar will be teamed up with Sandalwood queen Ramya in a new film to be produced by Kamar and directed by Veteran director D. Rajendra Babu. Kamar has already produced small budget films like 'Rame Gowda Vs Krishna Reddy','Vighna' and other films.Ramya has also tweeted that she has signed a new film with Shivaraj Kumar. Ramya tweets: yes, I've signed a film with shivrajkumar..I'm soooo looking forward to working with him. he is one of my most fav people in the industry :)Incidentally, the film's director D.Rajendra Babu said that they had zeroed on Ramya for a role, but they waited for an approval from Shivaraj Kumar. Rajendra Babu said that the Shivaraj Kumar and Ramya combination is perfectly suitable for the film.Shivaraj Kumar plays the role of a sports coach in the film, while Ramya plays the role of his love interest. \"But both the hero and heroines have sequences to show case their talents. \"I had worked with Ramya in Bombaat where I was able to judge her intensity in performances. About Shivanna nothing can be said against, as he is already regarded as one of the best performers on Kannada screen,\" said Babu.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16986290", "title": "Free training for migrant labourers kids at Balangir institute", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Institute of Hotel Management in Balangir has decided to train children of migrant labourers of the district in food production and food and beverage services to check further migration. After training, they would be employed in the local hospitality industry. Those, who have studied at least up to Class VIII, and have attained the age of 18, will be eligible for the free-of-cost training.\"The programme is being started keeping in mind the large-scale migration that Balangir district witnesses every year. We will go to the migration-prone areas to identify eligible candidates from among the children of migrant labourers,\" said Chandrakanta Mohapatra, principal of the institute.While the food production training will be of two-month duration, food and beverage services training will continue for one and a half months. The training programme will be free of cost with the Centre sponsoring it under its 'Hunar Se Rojgar' scheme.\"We have the capacity to train 350 students, all of whom will be from the migration-prone belt. However, others who fit in the eligibility criteria can also join the training. Out of Rs 27 lakhs funded by the Centre, Rs 13 lakh will be spent on the training, said the principal. He also said more children would be gradually incorporated into the programme under the state government's Nijukti mission. A total of 375 students might be accommodated by the end of March, said the principal.'After the training programme is over, we will ask hoteliers to recruit the trained youths. Since urban Balangir has many good hotels, there won't be any problem in placement,\" said Suresh Kumar , a trainer. He said free uniform, tools, food and accommodation will be provided to the trainees. After completing the training, students will have the option to be self employed as well.The food craft institute was up-graded into a hotel management institute in Balangir to boost up tourism and hospitality industry in the region and generate local employment. Earlier, the institute has set a record in giving training to roadside dhaba owners across the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985742", "title": "2-day bonsai expo begins", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-day grand bonsai exhibition of Bonsai Club, Bhopal , began at Park No. 1, Link Road on Saturday.The exhibition was inaugurated by Lina Parshuram, president, IAS officers' wives' association (IASOWA). Usha Dube was the guest of honour.Hemant Kumar, CMD, AG8 Ventures Ltd, presided over the function.Club president Harshika Vithaldas welcomed all guests and members. Secretary Smita Patel presented the club's annual report.A competition was held between the junior members of the club. Twelve prizes were given under various categories.The exhibition housed a collection of around 400 bonsai plants in all different kinds of shapes, sizes and forms prepared and displayed by members.Founded in 1990 by Jyoti Pandya, the club's current strength is 45 members. Her masterpiece a Ficus Viren is the centre of attraction at the show.Well-maintained plants of Purnima Mahesh and Harshika Vithaldas, adeniums of Reva Jain, classic bonsais of Mamta Mishra, beautiful and seasoned bonsais of Saroj Lalwani, Jyoti Mitna, Vinita Gupta and Suhag Patel and landscapes by Sandhya Varshney were o display among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16986146", "title": "Auto-rickshaw driver drowns in Kuakhai river", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An auto-rickshaw driver drowned in river Kuakhai while bathing on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar on Saturday. Locals fished out the body. The deceased is Amitabh Lenka (34), a resident of Sahid Nagar. Sources said there were injury marks on his eyes and nose. His auto-rickshaw was found parked on the banks with his garments beside it. Mancheswar Police have lodged a case of unnatural death. His body was handed over to his relatives after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985318", "title": "Many Congress leaders call development plan substandard, set to agitate", "text": "PUNE: City Congress stands divided on the development plan (DP) for the old city area as a section of corporators and a party MLC have taken an open stand against the party leadership.The City Improvement Committee (CIC) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday approved the new DP spanning 2007-2027. The DP is applicable to the old city area comprising 17 peths and surrounding areas spanning over 147.85 sq km. The DP proposes 921 reservations, covering 1,080.79 hectares for amenities such as health, education, recreation, etc.The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Congress have unanimously approved the DP in the CIC. However, Congress MLC Mohan Joshi, corporators Sanjay Balgude and Mukari Algude have come down heavily on the party leadership for supporting the NCP and approving a \"substandard\" DP.\"The DP is nothing but a futile document. There was no need to approve it in a hurry. The DP is supposed to have long term plans for the city's development. But the DP approved by the CIC is nothing but a compromised plan to benefit a selected few,\" said MLC Mohan Joshi.\"We are going to raise strong objections to the plan and also approach the state government and state Congress leadership. If needed, we will launch an agitation to press for its withdrawal,\" said Joshi.Congress corporator Sanjay Balgude said party corporators were not consulted by the city Congress leaders. \"We were kept in the dark. We came to know about the DP after the CIC approved it. The approved DP is shocking and it will not help the city to develop. We will take the matter to the government and common citizens,\" said Balgude.Another party corporator Mukari Algude said, \"The approved DP is a document to deceive common citizens. City's poor will not benefit as the DP is planned for specific class. We will oppose the DP\".BOX ( MUST)Cong to start consultations: ChhajedCity Congress unit chief Abhay Chhajed said the party will start consultation process and then take final stand on the DP. \"The DP has been approved by the CIC. Now it will be available to all corporators. Congress will consult all party leaders, corporators and hold meetings to discuss the DP. We will consider all views before taking a stand,\" said Chhajed, adding that, \"The stand taken by the party in the General Body will be the final stand\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16993176", "title": "China plans to send second woman astronaut into space in 2013", "text": "BEIJING: China on Sunday said it plans to send its second woman astronaut into space on the country's fifth manned mission in 2013 to fine tune the docking technologies of its space station being built to rival Russia's Mir.\"It is possible that female astronauts will be on board,\" Yang Liwei , China's first astronaut and deputy director of the country's manned space programme said.The exact date of the launch of next year's mission will be decided after a full assessment of previous missions by spacecrafts Shenzhou-8 and Shenzhou-9 which docked with the module of the space station currently orbiting the earth.Yang said the Shenzhou-10 manned spacecraft will carry three astronauts into space, and that the crew will include veterans and women.The candidates will be decided early next year. China sent its first woman, an air force pilot Liu Yang to space early this year.Together with Jing Haipeng and Liu Wang, she went into space aboard Shenzhou-9 on June 16 and conducted a series of scientific tests during the 13-day mission that was hailed as a great success.Next year's space mission mainly aims to consolidate and improve docking techniques, conduct more scientific experiments and solve problems discovered in the previous missions, Yang said.\"One success doesn't mean success every time. We would like to have more practice and improve the quality,\" Yang added.Yang also said Shenzhou-10 mission will adjust the working schedule and routine of astronauts laying the foundation for building its first space station by 2020.\"Once established, the space station will provide a national-level platform for scientific research in outer space. So the next mission will also focus on technical breakthroughs in environmental control and life support systems,\" he said.After the Shenzhou-10 space mission, China is scheduled to launch the Tiangong-2 space lab module to research supply transport by cargo spaceships, another milestone for China's space programme.\"Space travel won't be a problem for China in the future,\" Yang said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985687", "title": "37 new dengue cases reported", "text": "NEW DELHI: With 37 new dengue cases being reported on Saturday, the toll has risen to 872. The municipal corporations have intensified the fogging drive in various parts of the city, especially in residential colonies. \"We are carrying out a special sanitation drive,\" said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman standing committee, South corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16986434", "title": "3 schoolchildren sustain burns", "text": "VADODARA: Three students of a district panchayat school on the outskirts of the city were injured when pressurized canisters burst in garbage they were burning near the school.Even as the parents claimed that they had been asked to collect the waste paper and other material from the school and burn them, the school authorities denied the claim.The incident took place at the district panchayat school located on Tarsali-Vadadala Road at around 9 am during the recess time. Some children were burning waste paper and other items when flames erupted suddenly leaving three of them badly injured.The injured children include Ajay Chavda and Rajendra Chauhan - both standard VIII students - as well as Daxesh Parmar, a standard IV student. The children and their parents alleged that the kids were asked to collect the waste from a room in the school and burn it.The waste included some bottles as well as pressurized canisters. The police believe that these could be the cause of the flames in the garbage rising suddenly. The Makarpura police have made a station diary entry regarding the incident and are conducting further inquiries. Headmistress of the school Sharmishtha Gohil said the allegations that the students were asked to dispose of the garbage were wrong. \"I am gathering information on the incident and speaking to the staff members. I do not know how did children moved out of the school compound,\" she said.District development officer (DDO) Rakesh Shankar has ordered an inquiry in the matter. Shankar said notices had also been issued to four teachers. \"We have made arrangements for the treatment of the children. The injuries are superficial. We have also asked our health department staff to monitor the treatment of the children,\" he said. The DDO will also issue a list of do's and don'ts for the schools in the district. \"We want to ensure that such incidents are not repeated in the future,\" he said.Sources, meanwhile, added that a couple of teachers may even face suspension in the wake of the incidents. The procedure for this has already been initiated, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16986287", "title": "Knives out before morcha rally today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day before Sunday's much-trumpeted rally here by dissident BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra, supporters of Naveen Patnaik took out counter processions and burnt his effigies at different places across the state. Miscreants also attacked Pyari's house at Sahidnagar in the city with stones and damaged his car.The day marked hectic activities in both the feuding camps with Naveen loyalists doing everything to stop party people from attending Pyari's meeting in Bhubaneswar. Ministers and MLAs rushed to their constituencies to keep their flocks together, while the administration went into an overdrive hinting at possibility of imposing fines on passenger buses and other vehicles if they were found ferrying people to Pyari's rally.Naveen loyalists took out an anti-Pyari women's rally in Bhubaneswar, which went to the Odisha Jana Morcha office at Sahidnagar and held a demonstration there. Protestors also demanded Pyari's resignation from Rajya Sabha membership.The state capital has been covered with an unprecedented security blanket with an estimated 40 platoons of police personnel roped in to keep a watch over the rally. They would be monitored by nearly 50 officers. The police also put up three check points at Uttara, Phulnakhara and Ganganagar to inspect almost every vehicle that enters Bhubaneswar on Sunday. The earmarked venue at the Mahatma Gandhi Marg was also sealed on Saturday, while water cannons and teargas shells were kept ready. Security around chief minister's residence was beefed up. Senior police officials took stock of the situation at a high-level meeting, where it was decided to press into service a number of video cameras to record the movement of Pyari supporters. \"Tension between the rival groups in the ruling BJD is already out in the open. Anything may happen,\" said a senior police official. \"The increased security arrangement is to ensure that there is no law and order problem during the rally,\" said Bhubaneswar deputy commissioner of police (DCP) Nitinjeet Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16986816", "title": "Boy killed in lift accident in Salem", "text": "SALEM: A 16-year-old salesperson died after he got stuck in a moving elevator at a supermarket here on Saturday morning. According to police, the boy's skull was crushed as he got trapped between the side wall and the grill of the open elevator as it moved up.M Sathyan, son of M Mohan of Manakkadu near Hasthampatty in Salem town, was working as a salesman at Bharathi Super Market for the past few months.The shop didn't have the licence to install the open elevator (a lift without a proper door) and police have arrested the shop owner, D Rajasekhar, under sections 287 and 304(2) of the Indian Penal Code. He faces charges of negligence. Bharathi, one of the largest shopping spaces in the city, has three branches. The branch, where the death occurred, has been in existence for over 15 years.According to a saleswoman at the supermarket, the shop was crowded as it was the weekend. \"Suddenly, we heard Sathyan's scream from the elevator. When we rushed to the lift, we saw his head trapped between the side wall and the elevator grill. There was blood everywhere. Immediately, we stopped the elevator and rushed him to a private hospital. The doctors said he was already dead,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "16986080", "title": "Devotee pays obeisance to temple elephant, crushed", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: A visit to the temple turned a tragedy for a man in Thiruvidaimarudhur. The 55-year-old devotee was killed as the temple elephant in Sri Mahalingaswamy temple crushed him with its trunk when he worshipped the elephant here on Saturday.Sekar, 55, was working as a school teacher in Ambalavana Desigar middle school run by 'Thiruvaduthurai Adheenam' in Thiruvidaimaruthur. On Saturday around 11 am, he went to the Sri Mahalingaswamy temple in Thiruvidaimaruthur as Saturday was a holiday. When Sekar entered the temple, the mahout Vijayakumar was leading the temple elephant 'Gomathi' to its shed outside the temple. On seeing the elephant, Sekar wanted to worship it. He went close to the elephant and bowed to it, but the animal unexpectedly turned aggressive and grasped him with its trunk. The scene created panic among people who witnessed the event. In no time, the elephant put him between its two front legs and crushed him with its trunk and dashed him against the wall. Finally, the elephant freed him. Sekar sustained severe injuries. People brought him immediately to Kumabakonam government hospital, but he was declared brought dead. Sekar is survived by wife Geetha and two daughters.The temple administration is governed by the Thiruvaduthurai Adheenam. Several attempts to contact the administration went in vain.However, Thiruvaduthurai police said they registered a case of accidental death.According to sources, Gomathi was aged 55 and had been serving the temple for many years. It was also said that the elephant had already attacked a few men who were under the influence of alcohol. Later in the evening on Saturday, a veterinary doctor examined the elephant and certified that it was physically and mentally fit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986810", "title": "Stress on documentation of banks audit", "text": "PATNA: Chartered accountants of Bihar and Jharkhand discussed the essentials to be kept in mind for quality improvement in concurrent audit of banks at the inaugural session of the six-day certificate course on Concurrent Audit of Banks organized by the Patna branch of Central India Regional Council (CIRC) of The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) on Saturday.Resource person Ketan Saiya said, \"For an auditor, proper documentation of audits and its regular updating is very important in case of any conflict when auditors need to defend their case.\"Saiya said the bank customers should complain about any irregularity at ATMs. \"As far as ATMs are concerned, we can take action only on customer's complaints. Otherwise, we just check for CCTVs, guards, cash verification or perform physical surprise verification,\" he said.Saiya advised the participants to make daily, weekly and monthly checklists to cover all the auditing areas and modify them according to the branch needs. \"While high value transactions, clearing entries or setting accounts with head office, opening of new accounts, filling of KYC forms etc should be monitored on a daily basis, debit in inoperative accounts or cash transaction without PAN number etc should be monitored at regular intervals.\"Saiya said auditors should thoroughly check the rising cases of fraud in housing and education loan sector.Zonal manager, Central Bank of India (CBI), Subhash Chandra Singh inaugurated the programme in the presence of Pradeep Salvatore, deputy GM, CBI.B L Raju, chairman, ICAI Patna branch, said the course would help CA members deliver better services in concurrent audit to the banks.The certificate course is designed in three phases of two days each and will continue on November 3 and 4. It will conclude after the session on November 9 and 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986577", "title": "Tax collection begins again in Salt Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: After a gap of more than seven months, the Bidhannagar municipality has started sending property tax bills to Salt Lake residents again. The tax rate has been calculated based on the old valuation of 2005.\"The new tax bills have been prepared and dispatched. The last date of paying the bills has been fixed on December 31,\" said a civic official. For those who have already paid their tax earlier this year, the amount will be adjusted in the bills that are being dispatched, the official added. The civic authorities are expecting to rake in about Rs 12 crore from tax collection.In February this year, the municipality had started collecting property tax bills from residents, after a long gap, for the fiscal years of 2010-11, 2011-12 and arrears from 2007 to 2010. But the collection drive was put on hold following complaints from a section of residents that there was confusion over the bills.Civic officials had said that the tax amount was based on the pre-2005 rates. There was hence a mad rush to pay tax once the bills were dispatched. However, though based on the old valuation, many residents started complaining that the tax bills they had received were not matching the pre-2005 rates and that the rates were much higher than it should have been. The civic authorities then took up the issue with urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim following which the minister ordered that tax collection be stopped over allegations of miscalculation.Civic officials said that they collected a total of Rs 6.57 crore from the few weeks of tax collection in March, before it was withheld.For neighbouring Rajarhat New Town, tax collection is yet to take shape. A proposal has been mooted according to which the New Town Kolkata Development Authority (NKDA) may soon be entrusted to assess, levy and collect property tax from the residents of the township.At present, residents of Rajarhat-New Town do not pay property tax to the government. The state urban development department had earlier mooted the proposal in the state cabinet for approval. The department was then asked to make some amendments to the New Town Kolkata Development Act so that the authority could be entrusted with the responsibility of assuming the role of a municipality or corporation to collect tax.The tax rate has been calculated based on the old valuation of 2005. The civic authorities are expecting to rake in about Rs 12 crore from tax collection. Officials said the amount will be adjusted for those who have already paid the tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16986382", "title": "Ponda LPG consumers to get know your customer forms at panchayats", "text": "PONDA: In a bid to avoid long queues for filling know your customer (KYC) forms, the marketing federation outlet at Ponda has decided to make the forms available through village panchayats across Ponda taluka from Monday.The Bharat petroleum corporation ltd. (BPCL) has decided to allot 6 liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) cylinders per year on subsidized rates to consumers across the nation and has made the filling of the KYC forms mandatory to each consumer.Narayan Naik, chairman of Goa marketing federation, that deals with the supply of BPCL LPGs in the state, said that the federation has 26,000 consumers in Ponda, some of them are from the village panchayat jurisdiction.\"We have seen long queues consisting of people waiting just to get the forms. After getting forms, they have to again wait in queues to submit forms. This is a tedious task for most people,\" Naik said.Ramesh Naik, the federation's Ponda outlet manager said that consumers would get only 3 LPG cylinders at subsidized rates between September 13, 2012 and March 31, 2013. Naik added that the additional cylinder will be charged 911 as non-subsidized.\"Henceforth the booking of cylinders would be done strictly by SMS or call on 9420024587,\" the manager added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16987397", "title": "100 screened for obesity, BMI at camp", "text": "LUDHIANA: Obesity check and body mass index (BMI) screening camp was organized at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital on Saturday.Bariatric surgeons Dr Ashish Ahuja and Dr P S Nain, told the gathering that obesity has emerged as a silent lifestyle disease over the years.\"Overall, 2.5 million deaths are attributed to overweight or obesity worldwide,\" they said, pointing out that more than 60% young obese patients suffer from diabetes mellitus Type 2 along with blood pressure and heart disease, which is increasing day by day in younger population.During the camp, around 100 people were screened by Dr Amit Berry, assistant professor of medicine. Dietician Shweta Batta guided the audience about managing weight loss with simple techniques.\"Initially I was shy, but then I decided to come. I realized there are many like me who were grappling with the same problem of weight loss. I got to know a lot of tips for loosing weight and an understanding of surgical options available for treating the same.I also spoke to some people who got rid of their weight and diseases like diabetes,\" said Sudhir, a student and resident of Maya Nagar.\"I came to know about bariatric surgery, its advantages and how it works. I also got my screening done,\" said Sunil of Rishi Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16992428", "title": "Bollywood and sporting celebrities rub shoulder at Indian Grand Prix", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The second edition of the Indian Grand Prix received a huge response from tinsel town and sporting fraternity as a host of Bollywood and cricketing stars and India's Olympic heroes graced the event at the Buddh International Circuit on Sunday.Adding glamour to the event were actors Anil Kapoor , Neha Dhupia , Gul Panag , Dino Morea , Sonali Bendre with her husband Goldie Behl, Mandira Bedi, Ajay Devgan, Sonakshi Singh, singer Shaan and music composer Vishal and Shekhar, who performed at the F1 village area before the start of the race.The lead actors of the upcoming movie 'Son of the Sardaar', Sonakshi Sinha and Ajay Devgan opened the race by singing the national anthem with Shaan.Among the sporting stars who were spotted at the BIC were India's medallists at the London Olympics, wrestler Sushil Kumar, shooter Vijay Kumar and Gagan Narang, who waved the chequered flag at the end of the race. Other Indian athletes who made it to the event were archer Deepika Kumari and chess player Tania Sachdev.The cricketing fraternity was led by Yuvraj Singh and Harbhajan Singh , who came along with his long-time girlfriend Geeta Basra. Former India captain Mohammad Azharuddin and IPL chairman Rajiv Shukla also made an appearance at the BIC this afternoon.Narang, who has been roped in at the last minute to wave the chequered flag in place of actor Hrithik Roshan , was seemingly overwhelmed with the honour.\"It's a wonderful opportunity for me to be a part of the F1 race. I'm honoured to chequer the flag at the end of the race. It is indeed great to watch other sports gaining importance in India,\" said Narang, who won a bronze medal in 10m air rifle event at London Olympics earlier this year.\"It is going to be for the first time that I will watch the Indian GP and I want to enjoy each and every moment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16986268", "title": "Seven ministers quit to make way for today's Cabinet rejig", "text": "NEW DELHI: The resignation of seven ministers ahead of Sunday's ministerial rejig could be the biggest instance of a mass exodus in anticipation of changes in the government in recent years but even the previous reshuffle saw half a dozen ministers quit in July, 2011.In the changes effected by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last year in the wake of the Commonwealth Games and 2G scams, then sports ministers M S Gill was advised to put in his papers. Senior leader Murli Deora also quit the oil ministry, but his son Milind was inducted as minister of state.Deora found the rigors of the job too testing and another minister, B K Handique, too quit on health grounds. Tribal leader Kantilal Bhuria also made an exit from the ministry.Ministers resigning after being nudged by their high commands was not unknown in the NDA regime. In June, 2002, Bihar leader C P Thakur was asked to quit in the light of allegations leveled against him.Senior BJP leaders M Venkaiah Naidu and Arun Jaitley had also resigned as rural development and law ministers to take up party positions. Naidu became BJP president, and Jaitley was party general secretary and spokesperson.This time, changes in the Manmohan Singh government have gained considerable media attention as foreign minister S M Krishna quit on Friday, ostensibly to make way for younger leaders. He is likely to be given an overall charge of the party unit in Karnataka.Saturday began with tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay quitting in the wake of allegations that he had pitched for a coal block for a firm associated with his brother.Social justice and empowerment minister Mukul Wasnik quit and is likely to put in charge of the Rajasthan assembly campaign. Information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni will be given what is expected to be an important party assignment.Minister of state Agatha Sangma will make way for NCP leader Tariq Anwar. Mahadev Khandela, MoS tribal affairs and Vincent Pala, MoS water resources, have also quit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986267", "title": "2 more MLAs ditch Captain, call on Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Trouble looms for DMDK leader Vijayakanth with two more of his party MLAs meeting chief minister J Jayalalithaa at the secretariat on Saturday. Producer S Michael Rayappan and actor-producer Arun Pandian also met the CM, taking the total number of DMDK legislators switching camps so far to four. On Friday, R Sundararajan and K Tamil Azhagan had met Jayalalithaa and praised her governance.Rayappan and Pandian told reporters that they had apprised the CM about the problems in their constituencies, and expressed their appreciation for her government's achievements.There are apprehensions within the DMDK that more MLAs are likely to be approached by the AIADMK to switch camps. Speaking about the rebellion at a meeting in Madurai, Vijayakanth said, \"I am told many are leaving. Let them go. I am not worried by these people. I fear only God and the people.\" The DMDK leader sought to downplay the revolt, saying it would not affect his party.\"She is scared of me. That is why these things are happening. Our party has grown to a stature where other political parties are trying to poach our MLAs,\" he told cadres after participating in an Eid-ul-Zuha event.Earlier, there was an unpleasant interlude between Vijayakanth and reporters at the Chennai airport before he boarded a flight to Madurai. A journalist later filed a police complaint, accusing him of being abusive.There was tension in parts of the state, particularly in the constituencies of the MLAs who met Jayalalithaa. Angry DMDK cadres resorted to attacks and protested in the Radhapuram, Tittadui and Peravurani constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16986973", "title": "Jawahar Municipal Stadium in shambles", "text": "KANNUR: When football legend Diego Maradona made a public appearance at Jawahar Municipal Stadium in Kannur earlier this week, half of the venue was lying vacant; not because the Argentinian soccer magician failed to attract fans but the organizers blocked off some areas because it was not safe to allow spectators there. The condition of some parts of the stadium is so bad that they could collapse anytime.\"Though the issue was brought to the notice of the authorities on many occasions, they never paid attention,\" said sports development trust secretary T Giridharan.\"There are no changing rooms or toilet facilities here,\" he pointed out. \"The three rooms which were intended to be changing rooms have been converted into a shop now,\" he said. \"The municipality is only concerned about the rent from the shops and ignore the stadium,\" added Giridharan.He also pointed out that the tracks were constructed in an unscientific manner. \"The government should take initiatives to reconstruct the stadium in a scientific manner if they are serious about promotion of sports.\"\"It seems that the authorities have a negative approach towards sports. They have not set aside any fund for the renovation of the stadium though it is in a ruined condition,\" said the leader of the opposition in the municipal council, U Pushparaj.However, the governing body members claimed lack of funding was the major constraint. \"We are not against sports and we are planning to repair the damaged portions,\" said municipal councillor Adv T O Mohanan, who is a member of the ruling Congress party.He also said the repairing would be done in such a manner that it need not be demolished in case the stadium was to be reconstructed in the near future. But, he could not commit a timeframe for the same. \"The problem is that we don't get the desired crowd even for major football tournaments. So the stadium fails to generate any significant revenue,\" he lamented.Meanwhile, district football association secretary Mohanan M V said, \"Unlike the past, people have no time to watch any matches during the day. So the stadium should have floodlights to conduct matches in the evening hours, apart from other facilities like proper seating arrangement and scientific design and well maintained ground, which would naturally pull the crowd,\" he said.He also said they would approach the municipal authorities in this connection. \"Kannur has a great tradition in football, and we don't want to destroy that for the lack of a good stadium,\" said Mohanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "16986749", "title": "Cop faces mob fury in Saharsa", "text": "SAHARSA: A sub-inspector was made to bear the brunt of the fury of the people when he was manhandled and held captive for some hours for allegedly bashing up the women members of a family at Sihaul village under Bihra police station in Saharsa district on Friday. Seething with fury at the alleged misdemeanor of the policeman, the mob roughed him up and held him captive for some hours at the village demanding stern action against him, police said.A petty village money lender, Bamshanker Jha, had loaned a small sum to a co-villager, Gaurishanker Poddar. Poddar, however, failed on several occasions to return the borrowed money, police said after which Jha approached the SI. They both reached Poddar's house. Poddar shelled out part of the borrowed money. But when Jha insisted on the complete refund of the money, Poddar went out to borrow it from other sources.The SI and money lender in the meantime became restive as Poddar was taking very long to return with the money. Infuriated at the delay, the SI allegedly misbehaved with Poddar's family members including women. At the hullabaloo created by the women, villagers collected there and pleaded with the SI to stop humiliating and bashing up the women and wait for a while before Poddar came back. But, the SI did not heed them, police said. The mob, venting their anger, roughed up and held the cop captive.On hearing of this, Saharsa SDO Rajesh Kumar and SDPO A K Das rushed to the village. Doling out assurance of stern action against the errant policeman, they managed to secure his release, SDPO Das said on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16985215", "title": "Core panel for refugee issue in Arunachal soon", "text": "ITANAGAR: A core committee will be constituted to carry out a joint survey verification of Chakma and Hajong families settled in Arunachal Pradesh between 1964 and 1969 to prepare a census report, which will be submitted to the Union ministry of home affairs by February 28 next year.The committee will be headed by Arunachal Pradesh political secretary Indira Mallo Jain and will comprise three members each from the Committee for Citizenship Rights of Chakma and Hajong of Arunachal Pradesh (CCRCHAP) and the All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU).The decision was arrived at during the second meeting of the joint high power committee (HPC), constituted by the ministry of home affairs (MHA) under the chairmanship of MHA NE-II joint secretary Shambhu Singh on the Chakma and Hajong refugees of Arunachal Pradesh, here on Friday.The representation, on behalf of the CCRCHAP, was submitted by its general secretary Santosh Kumar Chakma, while the AAPSU's standpoint was highlighted by its legal advisor TT Tara. The fund for the census exercise will be provided by the MHA.Mallo Jain said the survey will begin with its first meeting on November 3. She urged the CCRCHAP to prevail upon the Chakmas to retract from the land they have encroached on in reserved forests of Diyun, Bordumsa and M'Pen to create a positive atmosphere.AAPSU president Takam Tatung, DCs of Lohit and Changlang districts and representatives from the police and the PCCF were among those who participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16991220", "title": "New list of Union ministers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh effected a major Cabinet reshuffle on Sunday. Several ministers were elevated to the Cabinet rank, with many new faces being included at the MoS level, even as portfolios of several ministers were changed.List of portfolios of new minister and changes in portfolios of existing ministers.NEW CABINET MINISTERS:K. Rahman Khan : Minority affairsDinsha J. Patel : MinesAjay Maken : Housing and urban poverty alleviationM.M. Pallam Raju : Human resource developmentAshwani Kumar : Law and justiceHarish Rawat : Water resourcesChandresh Kumari Katoch : CultureCHANGES IN PORTFOLIOS OF CABINET MINISTERSM. Veerappa Moily : Petroleum and natural gasS. Jaipal Reddy : Science and technology and earth sciencesKamal Nath : Urban development and parliamentary affairsVayalar Ravi : Overseas Indian affairsKapil Sibal : Communications and information technologyCP Joshi : Road transport and highwaysKumari Selja : Social justice and empowermentPawan Kumar Bansal : RailwaysSalman Khurshid : External affairsJairam Ramesh : Rural developmentNEW MINISTERS OF STATE (INDEPENDENT CHARGE)Manish Tewari : Information and broadcastingK. Chiranjeevi : TourismCHANGES IN PORTFOLIOS OF MINISTERS OF STATE (INDEPENDENT CHARGE)Jyotiraditya Scindia :PowerK.H. Muniappa : Micro, small and medium enterprisesBharatsinh Madhavsinh Solanki : Drinking water and sanitationSachin Pilot : Corporate affairsJitendra Singh : Youth affairs and sportsNEW MINISTERS OF STATEShashi Tharoor : Human resources developmentKodikunnil Suresh : Labour and employmentTariq Anwar : Agriculture and food processing industriesK.J. Surya Prakash Reddy : RailwaysRanee Narah : Tribal affairsAdhir Ranjan Chowdhury : RailwaysA.H. Khan Choudhury : Health and family welfareSarve Sathyanarayana : Road transport and highwaysNinong Ering : Minority affairsDeepa Dasmunsi : Urban developmentPorika Balram Naik :Social justice and empowermentKilli Kruparani : Communications and information technologyLalchand Kataria : DefenceCHANGES IN PORTFOLIOS OF MINISTERS OF STATEE. Ahmed : External affairsD. Purandeswari : Commerce and industryJitin Prasada : Defence and human resource developmentS. Jagatharakshakan : New and renewable energyRPN. Singh :HomeKC Venugopal : Civil aviationRajeev Shukla : Parliamentary affairs and planning", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16987133", "title": "110 Hazaribag families face jumbo menace", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A herd of wild elephants, nearly 20, have created havoc in Turkdiha and Paharpusr Panchayats of Barkatha police station. Nearly 110 families, mostly tribals, have fled for their safety and shelter to Belkappi village.Forest officials said the herd, which had entered the nearby forest from Giridih about a week ago, has caused severe damage to properties. They first destroyed standing paddy crops, harvesting of which was to begin in a fortnight's time. The elephants also destroyed 16 houses. On entering the houses, the elephants finished all food grains stocked there. Mukhia Rajkumar Nayak provided the villagers, who took shelter at Belkappi village, with food and water.Divisional forest officer (Hazaribag West), T Thanga Pandiyan, said: \"The elephants have caused severe damages to crops and huts. So far no casualty has been reported.\" He also said victims, who lost their homes, will be compensated. Another herd also entered the Ambu Tola locality under the Khaira jungles of the Ichak police station of the district and severely damaged standing paddy crops. The herd also razed three houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16986837", "title": "Chavakkad court offers \u2018vilakku puja\u2019", "text": "THRISSUR: On Saturday, Guruvayur witnessed the special 'ekadasi vilakku puja' offered by the Chavakkad court at the famous Sree Krishna Temple. The court has been offering the puja for nearly 100 years in a secular way, assuring participation of judges, advocates and court staff belonging to different religions.\"It was Munsif Keyi, a Muslim, who instituted the 'court vilakku' at the temple nearly a century ago. In those days, both the munsif court and magistrate court of Chavakkad used to offer the puja. For some reason, the magistrate court stopped participating in it decades ago,\" said advocate R Murali, convener of the registered trust Sree Guruvayurappan Ekadasi Court Vilakku Committee, that coordinates with advocates and judges to carry out the puja.The committee had started a fund about three decades ago to meet the puja expenses. \"However we haven't ever had to use the corpus fund. Every year members from all communities contribute wholeheartedly. At least a dozen judges and scores of people from the law fraternity participate in the ceremony,\" he added. \"It's a century-old custom followed by the court. Many famous Chief Justices, Supreme Court and high court judges, magistrates, munsif and advocates from various parts of the country also participate in the day-long cultural programmes organized by the court,\" said a senior officer from the Guruvayur Devaswom.\"It doesn't matter that non-Hindus are not allowed to enter the temple premises to witness the ceremony. We are always part of the puja,\" said advocate Abdul Samad K H, one of the advocates practicing at Chavakkad court.The court has been offering the puja for nearly 100 years, assuring participation of judges and court staff belonging to all religions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985594", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy govt nixes Knowledge Park project", "text": "HYDERABAD: In yet another reversal of the decisions taken by the Y S Rajasekhara Reddy regime, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Saturday cancelled the Lepakshi Knowledge Park project planned in 8848 acres in the SEZ at Gorantla and Chilamattur mandals of Anantapur district. The knowledge park, floated by Lepakshi Knowledge Hub Pvt Ltd (LKHP), a Bangalore-based company, is dubbed as the biggest 'land loot' that took place during the YSR regime.LKHP, which got the land allotted, claimed that it would set up an aerospace &amp; defence cluster, education &amp; innovation hub, logistics &amp; free trade warehousing zone, agro food science &amp; technology park, a heritage wellness village, health &amp; wellness cluster, media &amp; entertainment city and a global village along with a health R&D; facility and universities. What surprised many is that LKHP fraudulently shifted the ownership of the land to another company, which is not even an associate, which later pledged the land with various banks and raised huge funds.Both the then chief minister YSR and the promoter offered everything under the sun to induce the farmers and DKT patta holders to part with their land. The company promised more than a lakh direct jobs and another half lakh indirect jobs. A MoA was signed on December 22, 2008, between APIIC and LKHP to establish a global knowledge hub. Even though four years had elapsed, there has been no progress in the project implementation except the local realtors making a quick buck by touting the Lepakshi project as a great landmark that would change the economy of the region. An official who was associated with the project told STOI that the promoter violated the norms by mortgaging the land and diverted the money to other purposes.\"As per the MoA, the promoter can mortgage the land and raise funds to invest in the project for which the land was allotted. But, in this case, the promoter delegated the rights of the land to another company which is illegal,\" he said. According to sources in the industries department, the APIIC, some time back, had investigated the activities of the promoter and found massive irregularities.Lepakshi land pledged with banks by YSR aideLKHP had delegated the rights over the land to a company owned by a close associate of YSR who in turn pledged the land with banks to raise funds. The third company reportedly mortgaged 4,397 acres of the land allotted to Lepakshi and raised Rs 790 crore from various banks. \"About Rs 300 crore was raised from Canara Bank by pledging 1,054 acres and Rs 250 crore from Punjab National Bank by mortgaging 756.65 acres. Similarly funds were raised from IL &amp; FS, IDBI Bank , Bank of India, State Bank of Hyderabad and Tata Capital ,\" the sources said.Even the CAG also found fault with the land allotment and listed the Lepakshi knowledge Park as one of the major land irregularities committed by the YSR government. This is the fourth cancellation of YSR's dream projects by Kiran Kumar Reddy, the other three being Brahamani Steels, Bayyaram mines and RAK Economic City.Streamlining the land allocation to the various ventures, the state government last month announced its land allotment policy. One of the clauses in the policy empowers the government to review the progress of the project and take back the land if the land was not used for the intended purpose. According to the sources, the chief minister invoked this provision to cancel the Lepakshi Knowledge Park project. APIIC, which signed the MoA with LKHP, has been instructed by the CM to initiate the process to recover the entire land from the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16986516", "title": "OBC, Patidar to fight it out in Karanj, Katargam", "text": "SURAT: Selection of candidates is going to be crucial for parties in the newly constituted assembly constituencies of Karanj and Katargam. These seats have been created out of Choryasi, the second biggest assembly segment of Gujarat. Voters in Choryasi predominantly belonged to OBC and Saurashtrian Patidar communities. Thus, a mistake in selection of the candidates by the political parties could become a matter of regret for them. \"These areas are traditionally BJP strongholds. Despite caste equations, party affiliation as a factor cannot be ignored here completely,\" said a political observer.Former chief minister Keshubhai Patel's Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) will attract some Patidar votes, said BJP's Niranjan Janjmera, a local councillor.\"We have a good chance to win in these two seats. Don't forget that in parliamentary elections, BJP's Darshana Jardosh had trailed in the Saurashtrian-dominated areas,\" said city unit Congress president Ashok Jirawala.\"The fact remains that caste and economic influences had always held their sway over the 20 lakh voters of Choryasi. However, what will be the voters' decision under a new arrangement (delimitation of the constituencies) is yet to be seen,\" said a former MP of the city.A large number of sitting councillors of BJP have put in their hat in the ring. Among them are standing committee chairman Bhimji Patel from Karanj, Niranjan Janjmera, Dr Jagdish Patel and Vinu Morvadia from Katargam, Dinesh Jodhani and Janak Bagdanawala along with Asmita Shiroya from Karanj.Congress' probable candidates are Mohan Dhanji Patel from Karanj along with Jaysukh Jalawadia and Mukesh Jiyani. For Katragam seat, Gopal Chamardi, Raghawji Gaikwad and Mukesh Savani have been shortlisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986343", "title": "Haldia freeze: Port trust in HC against cargo firm", "text": "KOLKATA: The crisis-ridden Haldia port sunk further into a quagmire over the weekend as Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) moved the high court for permission to terminate its agreement with the cargo-handling company that has stopped work at berths 2 and 8.The company, Haldia Bulk Terminals Pvt Ltd (HBT), has already moved the high court saying it is unable to resume operations due to a law-and-order crisis.In its application on Friday, KoPT requested the Calcutta high court to set a deadline for HBT to resume work at the Haldia Dock Complex and permission to end the pact with HBT's parent company ABG-LDA if the deadline wasn't met.KoPT told the court it was incurring huge losses due to the suspension of work at the two berths for over a month now. The port has also come under a lot of pressure from trade and industry bodies as a large amount of cargo has been lying unattended at the berths, raising concerns among traders.Earlier this month, after HBT suspended operations, KoPT's board of trustees decided to engage another agency through an emergency tendering process to clear the cargo from the berths. The port management also directed HBT to resume operations at the berths by October 19, failing which, it said, it would be presumed that the company did want to handle cargo at the Haldia Dock Complex any longer.Unions not ready to let HBT resume workHBT subsequently moved high court, which directed the district administration to provide security to the company for a fee. Nearly a week passed before HBT finally deposited the requisite sum with the police administration of East Midnapore on Friday. Police pickets were set up outside the port premises on Saturday to prevent any untoward incident that may arise once HBT resumes work at the two berths.However, the issue of retrenchment of 275 workers by HBT, which led to an agitation by labour unions, has remained unresolved. Even now, trade unions are not ready to allow HBT to resume work unless the workers are reinstated.\"Our concern is not about HBT. It's about our customers. If they resume work from Sunday, they are to maintain records of the cargo handled every day and submit it to the court. However, there is no assurance that they will resume work from Sunday. This is why we have prayed to the court to set a deadline. Work can't remain suspended for an indefinite period. Trade and industry will start moving out of this port and it will be a national loss,\" a KoPT source said.There are many officials at the port who believe HBT is simply looking for an exit route that would allow it to wind up operations at Haldia without having to pay penalty to the port. KoPT, on the other hand, doesn't want HBT to get away without paying the amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986494", "title": "Now, Goa goverment to partially fund scheduled tribe's funeral ceremonies", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has announced a scheme to provide financial assistance of up to 20,000 for scheduled tribe (ST) families for conducting funeral ceremonies. In a notification issued recently, every ST family whose annual income is less than 2 lakh can avail the benefit of the scheme under the 'Antya Sanskar Sahay Yojana'.\"The financial assistance will be provided for conducting funeral and religious ceremonies related to the last rites of the deceased ST families in order to carry out the funeral in a decent manner,\" said Arvind Bugde, director of tribal welfare, the department which implements the scheme. The claim, with a receipt of the bill or some proof of the expenditure incurred, will have to be submitted to the department within six months from the occurrence of the death in the family, Bugde said.A condition mentioned in the notification says that the beneficiaries should be resident of Goa for the last 15 years and should not be covered under any other scheme of the government. The financial assistance will cover expenditure of the last rites and also on other ceremonies performed on the 12th day of death or 30th day, etc, 'depending on the religion and individual houses and holy places situated in Goa only'.There will be a monitoring committee headed by tribal welfare secretary and its members will include both the district collectors and the director of the tribal welfare. All matters relating to any doubt over the eligibility or over implementation of the scheme will be placed before the committee, the notification has stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "16986293", "title": "Woman dies, officials deny dengue death in district", "text": "DHARMAPURI: A 50-year-old woman from Kottavur village near Krishnamangalam died of mysterious fever on Saturday. Relatives of the diseased said the she died of dengue fever. This was second such death in the district in the last two weeks, but the health officials in the district claimed that it was a mystery fever not dengue.P Murugesan husband of the victim M Rani said his wife had symptoms of dengue fever and abdominal pain along with diarrhea for more than four days.\"We had consulted a private hospital in Karimangalam, but her condition became worse and rushed her to a private hospital in Dharmapuri. But there was no improvement in her condition and she died on the wee hours of Saturday. Doctors in the hospital told me that my wife was badly affected of dengue fever,\" Murugesan said.On October 17, P Mani, 49, a resident of the same village had died of dengue. More than 30 people from this village are suffering from high temperature and all they have dengue like symptoms. But the health officials who camped at the village claimed it was a mysterious fever not dengue.We had sent a team of doctors along with medicines to check each and every people, said a top official from the health department who doesn't want to be named. \"We had taken blood samples of all the people and sent to lab for test and we are waiting for the result. Meanwhile, we have intensified the fogging to kill mosquitoes,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990563", "title": "Sagarika Ghatge\u2019s Thai Green curry", "text": "My earliest memory of foodThe overwhelming aroma of hot and spicy mutton curry made by my mom.My favourite recipeIt has to be Thai green curry.When away from home, I missMy mom's chicken biryani. It is unbeatable.My \"ma ke haath ka khana\" isVery healthy and appetising. Her special spice mix is like a magic wand that makes every home-cooked meal delicious.I am not an expert chefI've just started to learn and experiment in the kitchen. I try my hand at all kinds of cuisines.I often get compliments forMy Garlic Green Chicken. It always turns out absolutely perfect!I love playing hostI like inviting friends over for a meal. They give me honest feedback , which is quite encouraging for a novice like me.My Mr Right would beA man who cooks well as I am a total foodie. Moreover, men with great cooking skills are irresistible.On the set, I usually eatHealthy and low-calorie meals. If I am shooting abroad, I make sure I try the local cuisine.With my friends and family, I am a regular atThai Pavilion \u2014 Vivanta by Taj President, Mumbai.My best food buddy isOne of my closest friends Neha; we could eat all day!I have a sweet tooth butI make sure I compensate for those sweet somethings by running around 30 minutes extra on the treadmill. Being weight-conscious doesn't mean you don't eat what you like.Sagarika Ghatge's Thai Green CurryIngredients For the green curry paste: Fresh lemongrass (sliced finely and minced): 1 stalk, Ground coriander: 2 tsp, Ground cumin: 1/2 tsp, Small onion: 1, Garlic cloves: 3, Galangal (Siamese ginger): 1 thumb-size piece, Kaffir lime leaves (cut into thin strips): 2, Chopped fresh coriander leaves: 1 cup, Fresh basil: 1/4 cupFor the curry: Kaffir lime leaves: 2, Coconut milk: 1 can I Carrot (sliced): 1 I Red bell pepper (sliced into chunky pieces): 1, French beans: 4 I Fresh basil (roughly chopped): \u00bd cup I Oil for frying: 2 to 3 tbspMethodTo make the green curry paste, place all paste ingredients in a food processor or blender. Add some coconut milk, enough to blend the ingredients. Process well.Pour oil in a wok or deep frying pan. Turn heat on medium-high flame and add paste. Stir-fry until fragrant (approx. one minute), then add the remaining coconut milk.Add lime leaves and reduce flame to medium-low. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally for about five minutes.Add sliced carrot. Cover and simmer for another seven to 10 minutes or until carrot is soft enough to pierce with a fork. Finally, add bell pepper pieces and French beans. Stir and continue cooking for two to three minutes.Serve hot with jasmine rice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991332", "title": "Pawan Kalyan is back to Hyderabad", "text": "Ever since Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu caught up in political controversy, several questions were raised regarding the whereabouts of Pawan Kalyan. Despite all the disturbances which disrupted the screening of the film in Telangana region, the actor neither addressed the press nor sent his message through any trusted aide. Where was he at that time and why hadn't he responded? And the answers are here .After wrapping up the entire shoot and dubbing of CGR, Pawan flew to Europe for a two weeks vacation with his family. For the past few weeks he wasn't in the city and just Today he landed in Hyderabad.Sources say, Pawan hadn't reacted to the controversy because he doesn't want to make it a bigger issue, but has been in constant touch with Director Puri &amp; Nizam Distributor Dil Raju, and done everything he could to bring back the situation to normalcy.Pawan Kalyan is known as a guy who finds pleasure in simple things all these days. With the reports of his luxury trip, fans and film lovers came to know that this is an other face of this numero uno actor!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16985936", "title": "One held with country-made pistol, cartridges", "text": "GURGAON: A man has been arrested near Bilaspur Chowk and a country-made pistol and four live-cartridges have been recovered from his possession. A city court has sent him in judicial custody.The police was told that a person with deadly weapons was roaming in the Bilaspur area. The team conducted a raid and nabbed the person.The accused was identified as Virendra alias Foji, resident of Dubaldhan Majara village in Jhajjar district in Haryana. Police recovered a .315-bore country-made pistol and live cartridges from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16986853", "title": "Book on actor Jagadheesh released", "text": "KOZHIKODE: \"I am not disappointed for not leading a luxurious life,\" said actor Jagadheesh. He was speaking at a function of releasing a book on him 'Chiriyude Kaushalangal' published by Olive books on Saturday.\"My dreams are same of a common man and I am satisfied with the simple life which I am leading now. My family is also following my philosophy on life,\" said the actor.The book was released by actor Nedumudi Venu by handing over a copy to scriptwriter T A Rasaque. Renowned writer Punathil Kunhabdulla inaugurated the function. Writers Akbar Kakkattil, V R Sudheesh and actor Mamukkoya attended the function.In his speech after releasing the book, Nedumudi Venu said majority of Malayalam film actors should not be branded as stars as they are leading a simple life", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985722", "title": "Villagers chopped tiger in panic", "text": "BHOPAL: \"Trap was to kill an herbivorous wild animal. Unfortunately, the tiger got trapped. Villagers chopped its body into two pieces in panic to hush up the matter. Since none of its body parts was missing , involvement of an organised poaching gang was ruled out,\" officers remarked.The spot, where tiger was killed is located 50 metre from a water source. Despite being aware that the tiger and other wild animals frequent the area for water, the forest guard didn't turn up at the spot for three days before the big cat was killed. Moreover, role of joint village management committee (JVMC) members was also found in killing of the big cat. The committee noted the poaching could have been averted with a constant vigil of water source and giving a proper attention of the JVMC members working the area.One of major recommendations is putting a check on tourism activities in Kerwa and Kathotia areas. \"Possibility of man-animal conflicts in these areas cannot be ruled out if these points are not given a due consideration\" officers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16986519", "title": "EC notice: Congress leader says his speech was not provocative", "text": "SURAT: A Congress leader on Saturday claimed that he had not said anything wrong at an event organized for minorities in Tadkeshwar on October 21 by Surat District Congress Minority Cell.The Election Commission (EC) had on Friday issued notices to Gujarat Congress core committee member Kadir Pirzada, general secretary, Surat District Congress Minority Cell, Maksud Kazi and president of Jaimat Ulma-i-Hind, Surat chapter, Maulana Faiyaz Laturi. These leaders said they would respond to the EC notice with evidence.The EC in its notice to Pirzada had cited two specific passages of his speech where he allegedly violated the model code of conduct by referring to post Godhra riots of 2002 so as to create hatred between members of two communities.When contacted Pirzada, he said, \"I don't know exactly what kind of notice has been issued to me. I don't know whether any legal action has been initiated against me. I will respond to the notice once I get it. I believe that I had not said anything which was provocative. In fact, I spoke on the need to maintain communal harmony.\"The EC had asked the Congress leaders to respond to its notices before October 29 and explain as to why no action should be initiated against them under Sections 153A, 295A and 505(2) of IPC and Section 125 of the Representation of People Act.In the notices to Kazi and Laturi, the EC had cited specific portions of their speeches which were considered objectionable. Convener of legal cell of Gujarat BJP Parindu Bhagat had complained about the inflammatory speeches to the EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16989892", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle: Maken, Ashwani, Pallam, Tiwari sworn in", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh has reshuffled his Cabinet in a bid to overhaul his government's image ahead of general election in 2014.Seven Cabinet ministers, including new faces K Rehman Khan and Chandresh Kumari, and 15 ministers of state were sworn in today as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expanded his council of ministers.Five ministers of state \u2014 Dinsha Patel, M M Pallam Raju, Harish Rawat, Ajay Maken and Ashwani Kumar \u2014 were promoted to Cabinet rank. Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari and actor-turned- politician Chiranjeevi were brought in as ministers of state with independent charge, while Shashi Tharoor made a comeback as minister of state after over two years.12 new ministers of state were sworn-in. They are Tariq Anwar (Maharashtra), K Suresh (Kerala), A H Khan Chowdhry, Adhir Ranjan Chowdhry and Deepa Dasmunshi, (West Bengal), S Satyanarayana, K Jayasuyraprakash Reddy, P Balram Naik, and Killi Kriparani (Andhra Pradesh).Lalchand Kataria (Rajasthan), Ranee Narah (Assam) and Ninong Ering (Arunachal Pradesh) are the others who were sworn-in as MoS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16986832", "title": "Harappan site under Sector 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was not without reason that master architect Le Corbusier was inspired by the Indus Valley Civilization town planning pattern with straight north-south, east-west alignment of streets. A Harappan site exists in the heart of the city below the Sector-17 commercial complex and excavation work can still be taken up to unearth more details as the site was only 10-15 feet deep.\"I had visited the site that came to light during construction of a showroom in Chandigarh as the then director general of Archaeological Survey of India. It had brought out valuable details with precious artifacts. I still believe that the local government should have created a basement to preserve it, which would have turned it into a tourist attraction,\" recalled B B Lal, noted archaeologist and Padma Bhushan recipient, who was in the city to attend a seminar on Harappan Civilization on Saturday.\"But all is not lost. More such sites can be traced as the artifacts were found only 10-15 feet below the ground. Who knows, we could end up discovering new facts about the civilization that existed between 2600-2000 BCE. I am willing to offer any advice that Chandigarh may want on the issue,\" he said.Ravinder Singh Bisht, joint director general, ASI (retd), said: \"Corbusier too seems to have taken inspiration from the excellent town planning and architecture. The settlement under Chandigarh is believed to have existed towards later part of the civilization, which lasted between 1900 to 2500 BCE. It was a wonderful culture which had fortification of the settlements with planned streets.\" V C Sharma, superintending archaeologist, ASI, said the site was in private plots opposite the MC office.It is widely believed that the ASI and UT closed the chapter after conducting a random survey of the area. It is also alleged that those at the helm feared that further probe might become a hurdle to development of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16985663", "title": "'Saving lives, fishing out bodies is my mission'", "text": "For 37-year-old Jagdish Khare, Gandhisagar is his second home. When 11, he almost drowned. The near-death experience made him learn swimming and since then, his only mission in life is to save people from drowning or fish out bodies. Due to saviour Khare, Gandhisagar, earlier known as the city's suicide spot, has witnessed lesser number of unnatural deaths. A school dropout, Khare has saved around 400 lives and fished out about 1200 bodies ranging from schoolchildren to teens and middle-aged to senior citizens. In a freewheeling interview with TOI, Khare shares his experiences.Excerpts...How did you start fishing out bodies?As I was not good in studies, I discontinued my schooling after the third standard. Later, I started working in eateries where I used to wash utensils. When I realized that this was not my calling, I quit. Hailing from a sweeper community, I started clearing choked drains in houses. Since I could swim, a contractor entrusted me with the job of keeping Gandhisagar Lake clean. I was appointed as a boatman. Now, I do both jobs - saving lives and fishing out bodies.How many bodies have you fished out and how many lives have you saved?I have fished out over 1,200 bodies and saved some 400 lives. Besides, I also help the authorities to complete legal formalities. The NMC's fire department and Ganeshpeth police bank on me.When was the first time you fished out a body or saved someone from drowning?I almost drowned. So, I know what it feels like to be helpless underwater. I just couldn't breathe. After this near-death experience in the early 1990s, I started swimming. Four years later, a boy from our locality committed suicide. I helped Ganeshpeth police to fish out his body. Since then, I have been helping the police on a regular basis.How does fishing out bodies help you and your family financially?I don't gain financially. I only get satisfaction. During a visit to the lake, the then municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta was told about my work. He appointed me as a diver for a monthly honorarium of Rs 4,777. Even the NMC's fire and emergency services department takes my help to fish out bodies from the other lakes like Ambazari, Telangkhedi, Gorewada and Naik talao. My contract expired in July. Even though the NMC did not renew it, I continue to fish out bodies. I earn Rs 4,000 from lake cleaning. The amount is sufficient for me.A year ago, you started a lime water stall to earn some money but visitors stayed away. Why?People who appreciate my work are also the ones who don't accept any food items from my hand. I feel fishing out bodies puts a stigma and hence people are reluctant to come. Another reason why people stay away is because I hail from the sweeper community. Because of these circumstances, I had to close the stall.You and your wife do most of the police work at Gandhisagar Lake. Does the police department help you financially or in any other way?No. They never help me or my family in anyway. I never expect any financial help from them. Sometimes, relatives or friends of people whom I save, give me some reward.You have a property dispute with your landlord. Did the police support you? How did you resolve the matter?I used to live in a rented one room house behind Ganeshpeth police station. However, neighbours objected. They said since I fish out bodies, evil spirits follow me. They wanted me to vacate the place. I never approached the police for help. I shifted to another place in the same locality.Many organizations have appreciated your work. Some of them have even felicitated you. How does it feel?Self praise is no praise. But the recognition I get from various organizations motivates me. I was deserted by neighbours. At times, me and my wife feel lonely. Many organizations have felicitated me, including a national English daily from Kolkata.In what way does your wife support you?A. My wife Jaishree is a sanitary worker. Since years, she has been sweeping the Sitabuldi police station every morning. After work, she joins me at Gandhisagar Lake. She rows the boat to bring the body to the bank. Whenever we spot anyone trying to commit suicide, both us try to save him or her. My wife even counsels them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16986151", "title": "Rebels kill village head in Malkangiri", "text": "KORAPUT: Maoists murdered a village head in Malkangiri district on Friday night suspecting him to be a police informer. The deceased, Pandu Madkami of Parsanpalli village, is the third person to be killed on suspicion of being police informer in Koraput and Malkangiri districts in less than 10 days.On October 18, the Red rebels had killed gram rakhi (village guard) Bhagaban Naik of Koraput's Girliput. Three days later, the rebels murdered a tribal Gumpha Kadraka of Gurumeda village in Koraput. In the latest incident, around 20 Maoists swooped on house of Madkami around 10 pm and forcibly took him with them. Later, villagers spotted the body of Madkami lying in a pool of blood one km away from the village. The Maoists had slit Madkami's throat.A Maoist poster, recovered from the crime spot, said Madkami was punished as he was working as a police informer. Sources said Maoists had also warned Madkami.Refuting the Maoists allegations, SP (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh said, \"Madkami was not our informer. He was doing small contract works in the village and the Red rebels might have killed him for some other reasons. We are investigating the case and details are awaited.\"Meanwhile, a 24-hour bandh call given by the Maoists-backed Adivasi Biplabi Royt Kuli Sangha, a tribal and farmers' outfit, in Malkangiri district has hit normal life in Maoist-dominated Kalimela and Motu areas on Saturday.The outfit had given the bandh call demanding a stop to Operation Green Hunt, police excesses against tribals and construction of an irrigation canal between Manyamkonda and Kartanpalli, among others. Shops downed shutters at Kalimela and buses did not move from Malkangiri to Motu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985598", "title": "Union cabinet to see jumbo team from Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a last-ditch attempt to revive its sagging fortunes in Andhra Pradesh ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, the Congress is all set to reward the state with the largest representation ever in the Union council of ministers by inducting five more party MPs as ministers at the swearing in ceremony slated to be held at the Rashtrapathi Bhavan on Sunday morning.According to sources, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday telephoned party MPs Chiranjeevi, Sarve Satyanarayana, Killi Krupa Rani, Balram Naik and Kotla Suryaprakash Reddy and congratulated them for being chosen for the cabinet. AP already has six ministers at the Centre -- S Jaipal Reddy, Kishore Chandra Deo, D Purandeswari, Panabaka Lakshmi, Pallam Raju and Jairam Ramesh . Though not from AP, Ramesh was nominated to the Rajya Sabha from the state.With Congress sources indicating that none of the existing ministers from the state will be dropped, AP is set to see the largest representation of 11 ministers at the Centre in its history. \"It is a big gamble and is aimed to placate and retain several communities that are slowly drifting away from the Congress. But whether this will work for the Congress that saw 33 of the 42 MPs getting elected in 2009 in the 2014 elections remains to be seen,\" admitted a Congress leader.Chiranjeevi's induction has been on the cards ever since he merged his Praja Rajyam party with the Congress and bailed out the Kiran Kumar Reddy government in the no-trust vote in the state assembly last December. Being a Kapu, the Congress hopes that he would rally his community behind the ruling party in the Seema-Andhra region, where they have a significant say.'Cong's desperate bid to woo BCs'The induction of Sarve Satyanarayana, a Madiga, is seen as an attempt to woo the SC community that always aligned with the TDP. \"The large turnout of Madigas at the recent padayatra by TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu has apparently rattled the Congress bosses and forced them to induct one of their caste members in the UPA ministry,\" said AICC sources.The induction of Balram Naik, a first-time tribal MP from Telangana's Warangal district, is seen as another attempt to woo the ST community in Telangana. Interestingly, the message that the Congress has given is that anyone who is vocal on the Telangana demand is a persona non-grata. Though hailing from Telangana, both Sarve Satyanarayana and Balram Naik have conspicuously stayed away from their other colleagues who are actively pursuing the separate state demand and have been given the cold shoulder by Congress president Sonia Gandhi .The induction of Killi Krupa Rani, a member of the Kalinga BC community from Srikalulam district, is a desperate attempt to counter the strategies being unveiled by Chandrababu Naidu to woo the community including promising them 100 seats in the 2014 assembly polls. \"Since 2004, the UPA government has not inducted a single BC leader from the state in the Union cabinet. By inducting Krupa Rani, who defeated TDP leader Yerrannaidu in the 2009 polls, the Congress is desperately wooing the BC voters,\" said the sources.The induction of Suryaprakash Reddy, who hails from the powerful Kotla family in Kurnool, is seen as an attempt to neutralize the Jaganmohan Reddy factor. Traditionally, the Kotla family has been rivals of the YSR family, best exemplified by the open war that raged between former chief minister Kotla Vijaybhaskar Reddy and YSR. The party hopes that Suryaprakash would be able to counter Jagan at least in the Rayalaseema region.The cabinet expansion has caused heartburn too. Eluru Congress MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao faxed his resignation from Lok Sabha to Sonia and speaker Meira Kumar on Saturday to protest against having been ignored for a Union cabinet seat. However, sources said he is likely to be pacified by party leaders. Among the existing ministers, indications are that petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy could be shifted to HRD ministry and minister of state Purandeswari elevated to either cabinet rank or independent charge.The induction of Suryaprakash Reddy, who hails from the powerful Kotla family in Kurnool, is seen as an attempt to neutralize the Jaganmohan Reddy factor. Traditionally, the Kotla family has been rivals of the YSR family, best exemplified by the open war that had raged between former CMs Kotla Vijaybhaskar Reddy and the late YSR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16986064", "title": "Boy crushed to death in moving lift in Salem", "text": "SALEM: A 16-year-old salesperson died after getting stuck in a moving elevator at a supermarket in the city on Saturday morning. According to police, the boy's skull was crushed after he got trapped between the side wall and the grill of the open elevator as it moved up.The deceased, identified as M Sathyan, was a resident of Manakkadu near Hasthampatty in Salem town and had been working as a salesman at Bharathi Super Market, where the incident happened, for the past few months.According to police, the shop didn't have the licence to install the open elevator (a lift without a proper door). Police have arrested the shop owner, D Rajasekhar, under sections 287 and 304(2) of the Indian Penal Code, which hold him responsible for causing death by negligence.According to a saleswoman at the supermarket, the shop was crowded as it was the weekend. \"Suddenly, we heard Sathyan's scream from the side of the elevator. When we rushed to the lift, we saw his head trapped between the side wall and the elevator grill. There was blood everywhere. We rushed him to a nearby private hospital, but the doctors said he was already dead,\" she said.According to P Ramesh, inspector from Hasthampatty police station, the elevator was used to transport bulk items across floors. \"At 11am, Sathyan was told to fetch a rice bag from the ground floor to the first floor. He placed the bag on the lift. But the lift moved up before he could step in. As he jumped in to the moving elevator, his head got trapped between the grill and the lift's side wall,\" the inspector said. The boy's skull was damaged, according to doctors at the hospital where he was taken. \"Later, the body was sent to Salem government hospital for post-mortem,\" Ramesh said.Sathyan was living with his grandmother K Bakkiam after his mother died in an accident a few years ago. \"His father, Mohan, works as a truck driver and lives with his second wife. Sathyan was poor at academics and didn't complete class 10. So I told him to look for a job and he joined the supermarket a few months ago as a sales boy,\" Bakkiam said.Bharathi, one of the largest shopping spaces in Salem, has four branches in the city. The branch, where the death occurred, is a three-storied structure and has been in existence for over 15 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986118", "title": "Heritage walk to showcase 33 Jain sites in walled city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This is a city which made Mughal king Akhbar ban animal slaughter. A powerful and influential Jain community showed the world in its exquisite stone filigreed temples and mosque architecture how it was possible to blend different cultures into one form without disturbing one's individuality.This aspect is to be highlighted by Jain Heritage Gaurav Yatra Walk being launched by the Jain International Trade Organization (JITO) and the City Heritage Center (CHC) on Sunday. For the first time, this walk will take visitors to the yet unexplored 33 Jain sites in the walled city.The two-hour walk, spanning a little below two kilometers, will become routine affair every Saturday and Sunday.Both JITO and CHC have employed professional guides who will take visitors to the unexplored corners of the walled city that depict a thriving Jain culture.Almost 31 sites are temples as old as 250 to 200 years will be showcased, with some even being underground.The walk will begin from CHC in Sankhdi Sheri and will cover important Jain temples including Vasupujya temple and end at Shamla Parshavnath temple in Lambeshwar ni Pol.Pravesh Mehta, general secretary with JITO, said, \"The walk is a unique effort to acquaint citizens with a thriving Jain culture in the walled city. It's an essential part of our city's history. The focus is to arouse the new generation's interest in the rare temple architecture in the walled city.\"Said CHC coordinator Rajiv Patel, \"Exploring the Jain culture is essential in understanding the core culture of the walled city. This walk is aimed at helping the new generation learn about the past stories and the historic temples that dot the walled city.\"Among those who will attend the launch of the walk at the JITO convention at the university exhibition area are leading industrialist Gautam Adani , Gautam Jain, Narendra Baldota, Motilal Oswal, Rakesh Mehta, Utkarsh Shah, Ganpatlal Chowdhary, Shantilal Kawar and Prakash Sanghvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16985981", "title": "Man\u2019s body wrapped in plastic found off Uran coast", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The body of a man, tied up with a rope and wrapped in a bed-sheet and a blue plastic bag was found off Uran coast near Elephanta on Friday evening.The victim, around 40-45 years old was wearing a checked red shirt.Assistant commissioner of police S Borate said prima facie it seems the man was killed four-five days ago and his body was dumped in the sea. \"The way the body was tied up and wrapped, it seems several persons were involved,\" said cops. A murder case has been registered.\u2014 Vijay Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985684", "title": "IGL gets notice for tax evasion", "text": "NEW DELHI: To meet its annual revenue target, the cash-strapped South corporation is aiming at recovering property dues and taking stringent action against defaulters and tax evaders. Recently, the corporation served a show-cause notice to Indraprastha Gas Limited as \"certain discrepancies\" were found in the tax return filed by it under the Unit Area Method (UAM). While South corporation officials say that it is a case of \"tax evasion\" by IGL and for the first time such a notice has been sent to a public sector undertaking, IGL has denied the charge.The matter is related to IGL's five-storeyed headquarter building in R K Puram. According to the corporation, IGL has not been paying property tax for the basement, which is used as car parking, since 2005. Under the UAM, property owners have to self-assess their property while filing tax return. In case they give incorrect details, the civic agency can prosecute it under section 152A of Delhi Municipal Corporation Act. \"This is a clear case of tax evasion. IGL has not paid property tax for the basement. We have served them a show-cause notice for prosecution,\" said B N Singh, assessor and collection, South corporation. According to the corporation, IGL has to pay close to Rs 67.27 lakh as property tax.However, IGL spokesperson denied the charge saying, \"IGL has been filing its property tax returns since 2007 on the basis of self-assessment, as per the guidelines given by erstwhile MCD. The communication regarding variation in covered area and payment of additional tax has recently been received by us from South Delhi Municipal Corporation. We are in regular touch with the corporation officials since then to reconcile the variation and payment thereof. The additional payment demand raised by the corporation has been paid.\" But corporation officials claim that IGL has not paid the full amount. \"They still have to pay Rs 11 lakh,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986732", "title": "Cusat to accommodate more students in popular courses", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) has raised its student intake capacity in popular courses. This is done as part of the university's initiative to generate more revenue to help overcome the financial crisis.The departments of management studies, legal studies and masters in computer application have increased the student intake in their courses. The two schools of engineering have started MTech courses. \"We are facing a financial deficit of Rs 22 crore per annum. It had been decided to internally generate Rs 10 crore from this academic year. But as we had to roll back fees of several courses, we are now only able to generate Rs 7 crore,\" said Cusat registrar A Ramachandran.\"We have increased the number of seats in our self-financing BBA LLB course from 30 to 48,\" said school of legal studies director V S Sebastian.Almost 3,800 students applied for the course, of which 500 qualified. \"In the general quota, students who scored 95-98 % were admitted and the cut off marks for those in the reserved category was 85-90%.In management studies, they have almost doubled the student intake of regular courses. \"Increase in number of students will lead to lesser interaction between teachers and students. But due to unavoidable circumstances, we have been forced to increase student intake, even as the number of teachers remain the same,\" said Cochin university employment information and guidance bureau chief M Bhasi.Though the university has increased the number of courses, they are restricted by the government from charging fees on a par with private colleges.This is as apart of the university's initiative to generate more revenue to help overcome the financial crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986067", "title": "To shoot Karachi, Bollywood comes to Juhapura", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Juhapura, one of the largest Muslim ghettos in India, may struggle with basic civic amenities. But the area has become the location for a high profile Bollywood movie directed by Nikhil Advani, who made his name with films like the Shah Rukh Khan-starrer Kal Ho Na Ho and Salman Khan-starrer Salaam-e-Ishq.The film is tentatively titled 'D-Day' in which Juhapura and adjoining Sarkhej are shown as Karachi . The action-thriller, set against the backdrop of the 1992 Mumbai serial bomb blasts revolves around two RAW agents, played by Irfaan Khan and Arjun Rampal, who are assigned the task of bringing Dawood Ibrahim (Rishi Kapoor) back to India.Advani and the film's cast and crew have been shooting in a house near Sarkhej Roza since Wednesday. The unit also shot a few scenes at the Ahmedabad airport on Saturday morning. Some sequences will be shot in the border regions of Kutch.When asked why Juhapura was chosen as a location, Advani's office refused to comment. Sources say local residents were unaware that Juhapura, home to about three lakh Muslims, was being portrayed as Karachi.\"The crew has specially prepared a set for the shoot. The shooting attracted a large crowd, but we managed to click pictures and take videos from the terrace,\" Zulekha Bagban, a cosmetologist who lives right next to where the film is being shot. Bagban did not know that her locality is being portrayed as Pakistan. The sequence being shot in Sarkhej involves lead actors Khan and Shruti Haasan. Advani has given small roles to locals like hawkers selling kababs and tikki in the film.As the unit was not given permission to shoot near Sarkhej Roza on Friday due to Bakr Eid, the unit resumed shooting on Saturday. The cast and crew is expected to return to Ahmedabad next month for more sequences, when Rishi Kapoor and Arjun Rampal will join the cast. According to a source, \"more action scenes for the film will be shot in Kutch that will be represented as a war torn area, as it is impossible to shoot in Pakistan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986158", "title": "Indian made foreign liquor worth Rs 14.2L seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city crime branch officials seized a stock of Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) worth Rs 14.24 lakh from Ramol toll booth on Friday night. However, two bootleggers who had carried the liquor cache in a truck managed to flee from the spot.A team led by crime branch inspector R R Sarvaiya got a tip-off about a huge stash of IMFL coming in through ring road, so. Working on the information, the team got stationed around the Ramol toll booth on Sardar Patel Ring Road. Intense police checking was already underway due to Bakri Eid as the Gau Rakshak groups and cops were checking closed trucks to ascertain livestock weren't being carried for butchering. At that time, the team spotted the mini truck having the registration number with them. However, before the team could reach the truck, two men sensed trouble and fled from the truck taking advantage of a long queue of vehicles at the booth.\"Upon searching the truck, we found stocks of IMFL of brands such as McDowell, Derby Special Mogul Monarch, 8 PM, DSP Black, Aristocrat, McDowell Green and Royal Stag, all worth Rs 12.24 lakh and 2,016 tins of beer worth Rs 2 lakh. We are investigating where the stock was coming from,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16987156", "title": "'Make Jharkhand a knowledge hub'", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda and experts from Jharkhand and other states on Saturday emphasized on skill development at grassroots level to turn Jharkhand into an education hub on Day I of the two-day national seminar on 'Imperative for change: Making Jharkhand a Knowledge'.Munda said: \"The only problem facing the state is that skilled manpower and the people working in mines are lagging far behind. This shows that there is a dire need to spread education.\"Echoing similar sentiments, N N Pandey, secretary of the state human resource development department, underscored the importance of skills for the development of the people and the state. He added, \"Human capital is the USP of Jharkhand, but most of the people here are either semi-skilled or unskilled. In such a situation, it is imperative to turn Jharkhand into a knowledge hub for the greater good of people.\"Organized jointly by the Jharkhand chapter of the Associate Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Rai University, the seminar will focus on issues like education funding and possible avenues for generating funds, role of foreign and private universities in higher education , right to education and role of sports in education. Jharkhand Rai University vice chancellor Savita Singar said, \"Over the two days, the seminar will cover aspects like funding, curriculum and upgrading the quality of education in Jharkhand.\"Jahar Saha, director of IIM Ahmedabad, said, \"Education helps in bringing prosperity. In the course of changing the approach to education, three things should be kept in mind: the purpose of change, structure of institution and skill and personal needs.\"People from various national and international universities attended the seminar. VC of Central University of Jharkhand DT Khating, VC of Delhi University Prof Dinesh Singh, director of IIM Ranchi MJ Xavier, James Basia of California University and Biya Sausa Giyuds of Portugal University, are to name only a few.Jharkhand is working towards transforming the state into a knowledge hub. About 400 acres of land has been allotted at Khunti, 40 kms from Ranchi for the same. The seminar may throw up interesting points which the government may as well consider in implementing some of its plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16986601", "title": "Man killed in cracker blast at home", "text": "HOWRAH: A 62-year-old man was killed in an explosion while manufacturing fireworks in his house at Naskarpur in Howrah's Shyampur area on Saturday morning. Police have initiated a probe. The victim's son has also been arrested.Locals alleged that the victim, Sasanka Maity, had set up the fireworks manufacturing unit on the first floor of his two-storey house some years back. But he did not obtain a valid license from the state fire services department.At 6.30am on Saturday, Maity was making flowerpots when the explosion occurred, police said. The bursting of an electric bulb triggered the accident, suspect cops.Such was the intensity of the explosion that the first floor of the building which housed the unit was blown off.The victim's son Patitpaban Maity was arrested to probe the legality of the manufacturing unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986220", "title": "Cardiac services launched at Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Menezes polyclinic has launched state-of-the-art cardiac care services at its hospital at Altinho, Panaji. The cardiac care facilities include 24-hour cardiac intensive care unit (ICU), monitoring, providing the latest cardiac imaging facilities that include echocardiography and related pathology testing services for diagnosis and treatment of cardiac cases. Appointments can be availed on 2220237, 2225918. For cardiac services and echocardiography contact 9420750830.Mollem sub-health centre inaugurated: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Friday said the government aims to reach benefits of development, especially healthcare, to all areas, irrespective of them being rural or urban; and stressed the need to better rural healthcare. He was speaking at the inaugural of the sub-health centre at Mollem in Sanguem taluka. He said he would strive to resolve the locals' demand for a full-time doctor at the Mollem centre and added that the existing centre would be upgraded to an RMD in the near future. Sanvordem MLA Ganesh Gaonkar said people in Mollem have been suffering a lot due to the non-availability of adequate medical facilities. He thanked the directorate of health services for responding to the demands of the local people.Agasaim church, Dongrim temple work reviewed: St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh recently visited the St Lawrence church at Agasaim and inspected the beautification work of the church precinct undertaken by the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC). Wagh took stock of the developmental work and instructed the GSIDC officials to complete the same at the earliest. He was accompanied by local sarpanch James Afonso. Earlier, Wagh paid a visit to Shasti Shantadurga temple at Dongrim, where the GSIDC has undertaken beautification work of the temple complex. Members of the temple management committee suggested a few changes in the plan, which was agreed upon by the GSIDC officials.Week-long prog in memory of F X D'Souza: The F X Memorial Trust, Merces, organized a week-long programme in memory of eminent football referee the late F X D'Souza. The programme was held in association with the Rotary Club of Panaji and the Rotary Club of Panaji Riveira. The first event was the all Goa marathon race, in which 119 athletes participated. Two dental camps were organized in Merces at the Government primary school and Our Lady of Merces High School, with the help of doctors from the Goa Dental College, Bambolim. The maintenance of steel tree guards and trees planted at Bambolim, Panaji, St Cruz, Bambolim, Verna, Merces and Kadamba road; lunch and dinner for inmates of the National Association of Blind and a free medical camp at the Government primary school at Curca were the other events organized.ICAR chief inaugurates veggie, fruit outlet at Taleigao: An outlet selling fruits and vegetables in the higher price bracket, such as coloured capsicum, sweet corn and strawberries at reasonable prices was opened at Taleigao. A progressive farmer and treasurer of progressive farmers club (PFC), Taleigao, Candido Dias will run the vegetable and fruit cart near Ideal high school. Indian council of agricultural research (ICAR) complex chairman N P Singh inaugurated the outlet. Dias has experimented in cultivation of exotic vegetables such as broccoli, red cabbage, capsicum to encourage Goan youth into farming. Dias will take up cultivation of more exotic vegetables in the shed net during the upcoming season under the technical guidance of Rajnarayan and H Prabhudesai of ICAR.POWER SHUTDOWNMorjim (Oct 30): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are New Wada, Vithaldaswada, Madhlawada, Deulwada, Morjim market complex and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16986971", "title": "Minimum temperature dips to 12.7 degrees celsius", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mercury has been slowly but surely dipping in the city over the past two weeks, leading to chilly nights. But there continues to be a clear difference between the day and night temperatures.Documenting a difference of six degrees in minimum temperatures over the past two weeks, October 14 recorded a night temperature of 18.6 degrees celsius, while October 27 recorded 12.7 degrees celsius. While the minimum temperature continued to dip, the maximum over the past 15 days saw a mere three degree drop.Meteorological department director Surinder Paul said, \"As winter progresses, the day temperatures will also drop in the next few days. For now, day-time temperature has not dropped much because of city's proximity to northern hills and the recent rain spell.\"Resident of Sector 32 Rakesh Sharma said, \"Winter is here but one can only feel the chill during night. The day temperature continues to be high.\" Rohini Dhingra of Sector 41 said: \"Riding a two-wheeler in the evening is tough as the nip in the air makes the journey uncomfortable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16985236", "title": "FBI sleuths looking beyond ransom angle", "text": "GUNTUR: With serious contradictions emerging from the statements of Raghu Yandamuri, the lone accused in the infant, Saanvi Venna's kidnap and murder case, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) sleuths further interrogated the accused after taking him into custody. Raghu was earlier produced in the district court in Bridgeport town in Philadelphia , US, on Friday evening (local time).While police claimed in the arrest report that Raghu resorted to the crime only for ransom, senior police officials are believed to have observed that further questioning of Raghu is required in order to bring out the real facts. On two grounds, the FBI is reportedly probing the case much deeper. One: Raghu, an IT professional, might not require kidnapping for ransom, which he knows is a big crime if caught. Two: He did not wait for the parents to turn up with the ransom and killed the child the same day.Before abducting the 10-month-old Saanvi from an apartment building in Upper Merion of Philadelphia, Raghu killed the grandmother of the child, Sarasawathamma last Monday. The five-day long mystery of Saanvi's kidnap ended on a tragic note when the police recovered the body of the child after arresting Raghunandan alias Raghu. Meanwhile, Raghu's confessional report raised many an eyebrow back home. \"He would not have killed the infant so brutally had he really abducted the child for ransom,\" observed a retired investor B Ravindranath Tagore in Guntur. According to arrest report, the child bore knife injuries on the body. Although, the child would have died of suffocation as Raghu tucked a handkerchief to prevent the child from crying, his brutal attitude in making the cut injuries with knife had exposed his 'intentions,' said another police official.The FBI is said to be looking beyond the ransom angle as the accused played tricks with them, too, before the arrest. \"There must be some strong reason for the act, not ransom,\" a police source said. According to sources, FBI sleuths gathered enough evidence to say that Raghu had killed the child only out of revenge against the mother of the child Latha. Sources said that Raghu and Latha were residents of Kandukur in Prakasam district in their childhood and continued their friendship even after reaching US as software professionals.Raghu is reported to have made a vain bid to convince Latha to marry him before the latter got engaged to Sivaprasada Reddy. Sources said that the parents of Latha are believed to have also opposed the alliance with Raghu on the grounds that he belonged to a different 'community.' Raghu reportedly shifted to Upper Merion from San Jose in California only to move close to Latha's family and take revenge. FBI claimed that a dissection of the ransom note proved crucial in cracking the mystery. Police said that nicknames used by the accused in the ransom note referred to short names of the parents of the child. The note said: \"Shiva, your daughter has been kidnapped. If you report this to the cops [she] will be cut into pieces.\" The note demanded $50,000 and said the money had to be delivered at a nearby fast-food restaurant. Subsequently, Raghu demanded that \"Latha should bring money to the location alone.\" Sources said that Raghu might have planned to eliminate Latha had she turned up with the money but killed the infant when the issue reached the police and Latha did not appear.Meanwhile, investigators said that baby's father told them that the middle names, Siva and Latha, are used only by close family and friends. Then, the investigators asked the couple to provide a list of people who \"either used or were aware of the use of these nicknames.\" Raghu was on that list.Police said that Raghu feigned ignorance before the police when they first questioned him on Thursday. Curiously, Raghu had created a missing-child poster with two photographs of Saanvi and made about 200 copies, which he delivered to the family for distribution. He told the police that he had also attended the Wednesday night candlelight vigil to support the family. Raghu came out with the 'facts' during subsequent interrogation, claimed police. Raghu got married only last April and his wife is apparently expecting a child. Curiously, Raghu moved to US in 2007 almost the same time when Latha and Sivaprasad reached US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985520", "title": "Hubby, guard, coordinator told to go back to routine", "text": "MUMBAI: Most of the people undergoing sustained questioning after model Bidushi Barde's death, including her husband, Kedar, a model coordinator and the watchman of her Versova building, have been told by cops that they can resume their normal routine. Senior officials said this was an indication of the case reaching a dead end.The D N Nagar police had registered a murder case after an examination of the body revealed deep injuries on Bidushi's neck. A 65-year-old maid who worked in the building told cops she had seen someone 'pushing' someone else inside the house on the day of the incident. Till that time, cops believed that Bidushi died after falling on a glass showcase in her flat. However, forensic experts later told the police that she had been killed.Cops on Friday said they had re-examined all the evidence again and had reached the conclusion that prima facie, Kedar didn't seem to be involved in the death. Officially, however, no one is being given a clean chit.Cops said on Monday, Kedar left for office from his Four Bungalow flat at 7.41am, which they confirmed with CCTV footage from a bank situated within the building premises. He then swiped his I-card at his Nariman Point office at 8.52am (not 9.41am as reported earlier). Cops said that the time settings at the bank and at Kedar's workplace were also tallied, but there was no significant difference. Bidushi had also called a chemist at 8.12am, which showed that she was alive when Kedar left for office, a police source said.A model coordinator and the building watchman were also under scanner in the case but the cops said they didn't find any evidence suggesting their involvement in the case.The police had recorded the statements of around 20 people in connection with the case, but didn't find any evidence implying their involvement in the incident. Though a murder case was registered, cops said they are again trying to find out if Bidushi death was accidental.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16986294", "title": "Shifting of Bicholim Primary Health Centre demanded", "text": "BICHOLIM: Members of Bicholim Bachao Abhiyaan (BBA) have issued an ultimatum to health minister Laxmikant Parsekar to shift the health services from the old Primary Health Centre building, Bicholim, to the newly constructed building on or before December 31.BBA members organized the press conference under the guidance of its chairperson and Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal in the wake of statements made by BJP Bicholim mandal and BMC BJP councillors against Sawal. The statements were made after Sawal made an allegation against health minister Laxmikant Parsekar stating that the health minister was not interested in the development of Bicholim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16985978", "title": "Eid-ul-Zuha celebrated with traditional fervour", "text": "GURGAON: It was a day of prayers and sacrifice in Gurgaon on Saturday. The devout turned up in large numbers to offer namaz followed by sacrifice of goats.The devout thronged the mosque on the expressway, which has enough space to accommodate a huge crowd. Long rows of prayer mats were rolled out, with men offering prayers.The day, which started with thousands of Muslims dressed in traditional dresses offering Eid-ul-Zuha prayers in mosques across the city ended with get-togethers and shopping. After offering prayers, the devotees sacrificed goats and other animals and distributed the meat to the poor in tune with the tradition.Also the children dressed in new clothes accompanied their parents for the special prayers. The devout greeted each other outside the prayer grounds in the city.Ishtiaque Khan of the old city said, \"We offered namaz along with other friends and family members and prayed that the festival will promote tolerance, harmony and goodwill among the people\".Eid-ul-Zuha, also known as Bakrid or the festival of sacrifice, is one of the most important festivals in the Muslim calendar. It is celebrated to honour Prophet Ibrahim, who was even willing to sacrifice his son Ismail to please Allah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990480", "title": "Hungry (and female) in Kamathipura", "text": "Your gender shouldn't stop you from meandering through the bylanes of Mumbai's red light district for velvety kebabs and butterscotch mithaiCabbies, cops and panwallas don't think the hostile lanes of Kamathipura, Mumbai's infamous red light district, can offer a meal to a \"girl like me\".It was but one jaded taxi driver who agreed I wouldn't go hungry that Thursday night, and led me to Sayeed Seekh Kabab Centre. A short walk through lanes lined with pigeon-hole rooms almost the size of bunkers housing double beds, and women with heavy makeup, I arrived at Bacchu Seth ki Wadi. An old, battered signboard at the entrance of a bylane closeby read 'Sayee (why worry about missing letters when everyone knows you) Seekh Kabab Centre'.It was little more than two counters and a couple of men. The counter on the left of the entrance held a giant tray that rested on a stool. A large block of ice stood at its centre, circled by steel bowls carrying drippy green pudina chutney. The ice was shrouded by onion rings resembling a scalloped lace doily on a radio.A window beside the tray saw a hand pop out every few minutes, handing out skewers bandaged by juicy kebab meat.A side entrance was blocked by two resident goats, who I assumed felt safe, considering Sayeed serves only beef and chicken.The seating area with a high ceiling, creaking fans and sunmica benches isn't the best venue for a \"girl like me\". The decision to sit on a table closest to the entrance, with my back facing the counter, was to avoid eye contact with patrons visiting a mujra center at the end of the same lane.The menu was rather simple \u2014 beef seekh (Rs 48 per plate, Rs 12 for one), chicken seekh (Rs 80 per plate, Rs 20 for one) and paratha (Rs 12). I ordered it all. I was served three plates \u2014 one with chilled onions slices, another holding chutney, and the third with a dozen chunks of lime, chillies and mint sprigs.The real dish arrived a few minutes later \u2014 a crispy fried paratha and steaming seekhs. I looked at men mopping up their share of kebabs and paratha, in a peculiar way. They dunked the onion into the chutney, squeezed lime over it, smashed the kebabs into bits, and dropped the meat into the onion-chutney mixture. That scooped up with paratha.The kebabs were lightly spiced, and beaten thoroughly to achieve the tenderness reminiscent of the galouti. That with fresh paratha and tangy chutney is a marriage made in heaven.Salim Quereshi, the soft spoken owner, says the secret to the tenderness lies in the quality of meat. Which is why loyalists haven't ditched him for 45 years despite inhospitable surroundings.Kuch meetha ho jayeNagpada's Tahoora Sweets stands barely 200 metres from Kamathipura's entrance on Bellasis Road. Unlike Sayeed, there is no way you will miss this 24 yearold establishment. The newly renovated space is dotted with dozens of tubes and bright blue neon lights.They stock everything \u2014 over a dozen variants of freshly baked dry fruit biscuits, regular ladoos, dry fruit loaded chikkis, the aflatoon (a sweet made with mawa, milk, wheat flour and sugar) and variants of malai (reduced milk flavoured with butterscotch or pineapple).The aflatoon gets heavy if you are planning to gorge on Sayeed's kebabs, but the malai is the perfect fit. The pineapple version was melt-in-the-mouth, and I wasn't hit by the synthetic flavouring like I'd feared. Tahoora is a good place to drop by if you have a late-night sweet craving.Sayeed seekh kebab centreR S Nimkar Marg, Bacchu Seth ki Wadi, Shop No 7, Grant RoadSayeed seekh kebab centre45/225, Bellasis Road, Nagpada Junctionmirrorfeedback@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16986019", "title": "Odour? Not everyone has a nose for it", "text": "One day, ten years ago, Keia Barua behaved a bit like Rani Mukherji's character in Aiyyaa\u2014sniffing everything a tad longer than necessary. Waiting for her mother to finish her shopping in a South Mumbai mall, the product designer stepped into a perfume store and smelt each fragrance handed to her by the salesperson long and languorously, eventually dismissing each one for being too \"fruity\", too \"sweet\" and so on. In between trials, she even asked for coffee beans to \"refresh\" her \"sense of smell\".Here's the rub, however. Barua is a complete contrast to Rani in Aiyya: where Rani was shown to be the possessor of a hyper-sensitive nose, Barua's sense of smell is zilch. The perfume store episode for her was no more than a prank, albeit with a great sense of irony.The 24-year-old has a very rare condition called 'anosmia' which refers to the lack of a functioning olfaction and can feel a bit like a perpetual cold. \"Many people find it hard to believe that this inability is a real thing. It's only when they hear the medical term that it becomes legitimate,\" she says. Barua does not recollect smelling anything in her life except some odours or fumes in chemistry class and the vapours of Vicks. Thus, if she has to buy a new perfume, she needs to be accompanied by someone she trusts. And if the milk has burnt, she doesn't know till she tastes it.While some are born with the affliction, others may lose their ability to smell due to a variety of reasons like nasal passage blockages, the death of olfactory receptor neurons in the nose, brain injury in which there is damage to the olfactory nerve or damage to brain areas that process smell. Hollywood star Bill Pullman, in fact, became anosmic after suffering head trauma in a theatre accident. Sometimes, doctors warn, a lack of the sense of smell could even be an early symptom of Parkinson's Disease. Sadly, \"not many really come forward with the complaint, as they don't see the inability as a problem in the first place\", says ENT specialist Dr Nishit Shah, in turn explaining why there are no statistics available on the number of anosmics.In many ways, the condition can be \"a huge impairment to the quality of life,\" says neurologist Dr Girish Nair. Anosmia can even affect the sense of taste to an extent so typical complaints of patients could include things like food not being flavourful. \"Patients may not be able to tell subtle differences in taste\u2014such as the bitter of bitter gourd as opposed to the bitter of fenugreek,\" says Dr Nair. Indeed, hospital receptionist Shalini Kakkar (name changed)\u2014who became anosmic after two life-saving brain surgeries\u2014has to keep checking with her family members if the food she cooked contains too much or too little salt. \"I also can't tell if the food is burnt,\" says Kakkar.There are also more serious consequences. Two years ago, Kakkar did not realise that the air-conditioner in her room was emanating a burning smell. It was only when a fellow doctor warned her about it that she rushed out and called an electrician. Another time, she drank water from a bottle that previously contained petrol. \"My brother has the habit of storing petrol at home in mineral water bottles,\" says Kakkar. One morning, her mother unknowingly filled one such bottle with water and put it in the fridge. \"I gulped down half the contents. Soon after, my brother took a sip and immediately spat it out,\" says Kakkar, who was shaken and decided to consult an ayurvedic doctor. He prescribed a variety of medicines that had no effect. She then approached a neurosurgeon who told her that even though her nerve cells could regenerate organically at some point, drugs would not be of any use. \"Why do you want to sniff anyway?\" he chided. \"Are you a dog?\"Not surprisingly, a sense of humour seems to be an inevitable side-effect of anosmia, especially in cities like Mumbai. Fifty-seven-year-old Preeti Patel (name changed), who lost her sense of smell after a train accident 15 years ago, calls it a \"blessing in disguise\".\"Strong scents and incense sticks used to give me constant headaches,\" she says. Besides, apart from a stray incident years ago, where she forgot to turn the toaster off and had to answer the neighbour's frantic knocks on her door, she has not faced any major issues, she says. In fact, friends often tease her, saying she owes a compensation to the railways for her accident. After all, she can't smell urinals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16987006", "title": "Mental issues plague ex-army personnel", "text": "RANCHI: The Sanik Welfare Society (SWS), Jharkhand and state's military hospital are flooded with cases such as ex army men suffering from mental disorders. Lack of re-employment options in the state and their inability to adjust to the changing society are seen as major reasons behind most of them approaching psychiatrists for help. A growing number of them are visiting mental hospitals as well as military clinics with problems ranging from acute stress levels to frustration.For some the problem is so serious that it has led to short-term memory loss. There are around 1.10 lakh ex army men in Jharkhand. SWS officers admit that a large number of these army men suffer from stress and depression after retiring from service. However, mental hospitals or the military hospital was not able to provide the exact number of patients received. Director of Ranchi Institute of Neuro-Psychiatry and Allied Sciences (RINPAS), Amool Ranjan, said, \"We have no separate record of patients who are ex army men and so it will not be correct to provide a figure. I can say they come in large numbers.\"Commandant of military hospital Brigadier Deepak Chopra too declined to share the number of former army men with mental problems.Sanjay Srivastava, chairman of SWS, said, \"Stress and depression among other problems have taken such a demonic form that a group of us (400 ex army men) founded this society last month.\" Jharkhand does not have any government corporation for welfare of ex army men unlike other states such as UP. A delegation has planned to meet chief minister Arjun Munda and put forth a proposal to the government to constitute a corporation made by the state government to take care of such problems including their welfare issues. At a formal meeting on Sunday, SWS members will discuss the matter further.A former Bihar Regiment officer, who knocked at a psychiatrist's door lately, went into depression after a land tout made him invest on illegal properties in Ranchi. Even after investing 80% of his retirement benefits the ex army man did not get the land as he was provided with forged papers. \"I felt ashamed when I had to borrow money from my in-laws to fund my only son's education,\" said the army man on requests of anonymity.\"They retire young and thus find it difficult to fulfil family expenses, children's education and wedding,\" said a SWS member. \"Most of them have to work as irregular security guards and are paid Rs4000-5000 per month,\" Srivastava added. Commandant of Jharkhand's only Army Hospital in Namkum, Chopra, agreed, \"There is an increase in the number of ex army officers who are reporting at our hospital.\"Psychiatrists at Central Institute of Psychiatry and RINPAS advise ex army men to learn to adjust to the society and its changing norms. Director of RINPAS, Amool Ranjan, said, \"They feel people are not disciplined, they are arrogant and get into conflicts. The world does not run the way one desires.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985853", "title": "School holiday that can be a lesson", "text": "NEW DELHI: India started celebrating Valmiki's birthday (October 29 this year) centuries after he was born. For someone whose achievement pre-dates most civilizations, the sage's birthday is a recent addition to the calendar of holidays. Opinion is divided on why the holiday is observed. For one, it honours the author of the Ramayana; at another level, it also acknowledges the contribution of the Valmikis - one of the most marginalized communities inIndia today. Many of them are still trapped in the work of manual scavenging.For most school students, it's just another holiday when it could be turned into an opportunity to educate students not only about Rishi Valmiki but also about the caste system which has perpetuated discrimination and has no place in an egalitarian society.Though some principals believe the holiday was introduced by politicians as a gesture to the Valmiki community, schools focus more on the sage's literary contribution than the caste issue. In fact, the latter rarely ever comes up.\"Great personalities are always discussed but caste problems have never come up in our schools,\" says L. V. Sehgal, president, National Progressive Schools Conference. This is just as well as there are many among the community who are no longer comfortable with this association with the sage.\"There's a lot of tension within the community regarding this association with Valmiki which was imposed upon it by Arya Samaj in the 1930s. The Valmikis did not have an icon of their own and had accepted him as one. But now a large number of its members are no longer willing to be linked to him. It's another way of 'Sanskritization',\" says Anoop Kumar of Dalit Insight Foundation. \"It's controversial,\" says Kaushal Panwar, a member of the community, \"It's true there is such a caste but we don't know if there was any connection with the Rishi. I believe this link with the Valmiki of the epic was introduced to prettify our caste and what we do.\" Consequently, the activists believe that whatever the government's reasons may have been to declare October 29 as as a holiday, the day \"is in no way connected to Dalit rights.\"School authorities also argue that rather than using a holiday to reflect on issues of inclusion, \"understanding and celebration of diversity\" should be worked into the system. \"If you set one day aside, you have already alienated,\" says Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal, Springdales School, Pusa Road. \"Diversity and inclusion,\" she continues, \"have been integral to our school from the very beginning. The idea is to create a comfort zone that promotes identity development and respect for that identity.\"But schools do what they can to use the opportunity presented by a designated holiday to raise the issues of inclusion and equality in schools. \"Students don't know,\" says R. C. Shekhar, principal, Gyan Bharti School, Saket. Holidays - especially these ones - are discussed during school assemblies. \"We explain the meaning, discuss the significance of such figures and their contributions and inculcate those values in the students. But the proper thing would be to include this in the syllabus where, now, there's only a passing mention,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16992748", "title": "Force India get 4 points in Indian Grand Prix", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Sebastian Vettel scorched his way to a comfortable victory from pole at the Indian Grand Prix Formula One race while Force India earned four points through Nico Hulkenberg's eighth-place finish on Sunday.Vettel faced no challenge whatsoever as the Red Bull driver led from start to finish and recorded his fourth win on the trot to extend his lead in the drivers' championship to 13 points over Ferrari's Fernando Alonso.Alonso raced amazingly as he went past the two McLaren cars and then Mark Webber to take second position, keeping himself in the hunt for the Drivers' title.It was a perfect climax for Vettel, who dominated throughout by topping the timings in all FPs, qualifying and today won the race by comprehensive margin of 9.4 seconds.Vettel, for whom it was second successive win at the India race, now has 240 points, 13 more than Alonso with three races left in the season.\"It has been incredible. To come here both years, get the pole and win the race is fantastic. It is a very special Grand Prix and I really like this circuit,\" Vettel said after the win.Webber conceded his second position to Alonso but managed to finish third ahead of McLaren's Lewis Hamilton , who was followed by teammate Jenson Button.Felipe Massa was sixth in the second Ferrari , ahead of Kimi Raikkonen, Hulkenberg and teammate Romain Grosjean . Williams' Bruno Senna took the last point available with 10th position.Home side Force India also bettered its result as the side had got two points last year. Hulkenberg was superb as he gained four positions to finish eighth.The result helped Force India reduce the gap with Sauber to 23 points in the Constructors' championship.India's Narain Karthikeyan , who had problems in brakes, finished 21st. He had finished 17th last year.Now Vettel is the first driver since 1989 to lead each and every lap in three consecutive races. The last man to do it was the legendary Ayrton Senna ( San Marino , Monaco and Mexican Grand Prix).When Vettel completed lap 42 of the 60-lap race, he surpassed Jim Clark on all on the all-time consecutive laps led list. Senna has all time record of leading 264 consecutive laps.The title clash is now locked between Vettel and Ferrari's Fernando Alonso , who finished second today.Alonso, who had promised to attack, was aggressive as he straight away targeted the two McLarens ahead of him. He first passed Hamilton and then used the DRS in lap three to zip ahead of Button.\"I never give up. We will never give up. We congratulate Red Bull but we want to be happy today. We were quite fast on the straight line. Today we have to thank the team for this speed. The track gave us some overtaking manoeuver\", Alonso said.Vettel though was cruising in his Red Bull and gradually increase the gap from Webber to three seconds.Mark Webber also put up a creditable show to take the third place in the action-packed race.\"I had to work hard to be on the podium today in third. I enjoyed the race today. It was very difficult race. We had some problems on the car. A great Grand Prix. Lewis and Button gave me a hard time and without KERS it was a difficult time\", Webber said. The second Force India driver Paul di Resta finished 12th after starting from the 16th position.Former champion Michael Schumacher had the worst possible start as he suffered a rear-right tyre puncture after a contact with Jean-Eric Vergne of Toro Rosso.Hulkenberg had a close fight with Perez and on the long straights he past the Sauber driver in the DRS zone to move up to eighth.Perez also suffered a tyre puncture when he tried to overtake Daniel Ricciardo at turn four in lap 19. He re-joined the race after changing the tyres but quit after two laps.\"It's been a difficult weekend. The contact with Ricciardo came and that's it, we damaged rear suspension of the car,\" Perez said after retiring.While Vettel was cruising, there was a close battle in the mid-field with Bruno Senna and Nico Rosberg fighting for the 10th place. The Williams driver passed the German at turn four but Rosberg re-claimed his position.Lotus' Kimi Raikkonen chased down Massa but ultimately could not get his way past the Brazilian.Alonso put Webber, who had KERS problem, under a lot of pressure and zoomed past him as the Australian was unable to defend in lap 48.It sounded the McLaren as well as Hamilton was told by his team that they can get Webber. The sparks were coming out of Vettel's car and now Alonso was seeing himself a chance even though the gap between him and Red Bull driver was 10 seconds. Eventually the gap was too much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16986288", "title": "Another central minister for state?", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the UPA II set to expand its beleaguered ministry on Sunday, speculation is rife in Congress circles here about chances of Nabarangpur MP Pradeep Majhi being inducted as a minister while minister of state for chemicals and fertilizers Srikant Jena may be elevated to cabinet rank.Congress sources said Majhi could make his debut as a minister of state considering the possibility of the Manmohan Singh government taking in young and fresh faces ahead of the 2014 elections. \"Majhi is yet to get any confirmation of becoming a minister, but he is very hopeful,\" a source close to him said. Majhi could not be contacted for comment.Party insiders feel Majhi's chances are good because he is young and represents the tribal community. \"He is a former Odisha Pradesh Youth Congress president and could get a look in. AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi might back his candidature,\" noted a senior Congress leader here.Others from Odisha who might be hoping to get inducted into the central ministry include Kalahandi MP Bhatka Charan Das and Sundergarh MP Hemananda Biswal, party insiders said. While Das is a former Union minister and is from the scheduled caste community, Biswal is an ex-chief minister and a tribal.Jena, who was given minister of state rank in UPA II despite being a cabinet minister in the H D Deva Gowda government in 1996, reportedly met AICC president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi in New Delhi on Friday. Though there is no authentic information about his meeting, party leaders here believe Jena requested the high command to consider his case for promotion in view of his seniority. The Balasore MP is said to be unhappy with his current status of a being a minister of state. Till Saturday evening, however, there was no confirmation on his possible elevation.Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik did not name the likely contenders from the state, but said: \"The people of Odisha want more Union ministers. It would be nice if we get more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985915", "title": "'Treasures of Rajasthan' exposition in Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major initiative, the Maharaja Sawai Man Singh II Museum Trust (MSMS II) is organizing a two-day exposition of the arts, crafts as well as heritage properties and travel destinations of Rajasthan entitled the 'Treasures of Rajasthan'.\"The event will be organized at the Egyptian Embassy in New Delhi on November 5-6 from 10am to 6pm. The proceeds from the exhibition will be utilized to revive the dying arts and crafts of MSMS II,\" said secretary and managing trustee of Museum Trust, Princess Diya Kumari. This is for the first time that the Museum has organized a show outside Rajasthan, she said.Additional director, tourism, Government of Rajasthan, H V Bhatnagar and organizer of the exhibition Gunjan Mubayi will also be present at the occasion. The event will be jointly inaugurated by state tourism minister Bina Kak, Princess Diya Kumari and wife of the Egyptian Ambassador, Madame Mona el Bakly.On display will be products from the state like marble, furniture, blue pottery, rugs, carpets, gems and jewellery, textiles, etc. The travel and hospitality sector will also showcase the best that Rajasthan has to offer for both domestic and international tourists in the luxury and adventure segments.\"Jaipur's royal family has always been extending patronage to the arts and crafts of the state. This is a small beginning to showcase the local arts and crafts beyond Jaipur and the state. The arts and craftsmen will get a wider exposure and audience,\" said Diya. A fashion show by Raghuvendra Rathore and music by ethnic band Rajasthan Roots will be special attractions in the evenings.\"Way back in the 18th century Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh II had set up 36 karkhanas, or 36 state-patronized ateliers of different arts and crafts. However, due to paucity of resources, many of the karkhanas started deteriorating. However in 1997 the successor of Maharaja Sawai Man Singh II - late Brig. Sawai Bhawani Singh, MVC of Jaipur revived some of these karkhanas,\" she said.Space was created within the Mubarak Mahal courtyard of the City Palace for nationally honoured and internationally acclaimed master craftsmen, their disciples and family members. They were, thus, given a platform to carry on their crafts like painting, enamelling, blue pottery, tarkeshi, laquer products like bangles, hand-made paper, jewellery and other handicrafts. These craftsmen are known as the 'Friends of the Museum'.Apart from selling their products to visitors, the crafts-persons also demonstrate their skills to visitors coming to City Palace and the museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16986313", "title": "16-year-old salesperson crushed to death in moving lift in Salem", "text": "SALEM: A 16-year-old salesperson died after getting stuck in a moving elevator at a supermarket in the city on Saturday morning. According to police, the boy's skull was crushed after he got trapped between the side wall and the grill of the open elevator as it moved up.The deceased, identified as M Sathyan, is the son of M Mohan, a resident of Manakkadu near Hasthampatty in Salem town. He has been working as a salesman at Bharathi Super Market, where the incident happened, for the past few months.According to police, the shop didn't have the licence to install the open elevator (a lift without a proper door). Police have arrested the shop owner, D Rajasekhar, under sections 287 and 304(2) of the Indian Penal Code, which hold him responsible for causing death by negligence.According to a saleswoman at the supermarket, the shop was crowded as it was the weekend. \"Suddenly, we heard Sathyan's scream from the side of the elevator. When we rushed to the lift, we saw his head trapped between the side wall and the elevator grill. There was blood everywhere. We rushed him to a nearby private hospital, but the doctors said he was already dead,\" she said.According to P Ramesh, inspector from Hasthampatty police station, who is probing the incident, the elevator was used to transport bulk items across floors. At 11am, Sathyan was told to fetch a rice bag from the ground floor to the first floor. He placed the bag on the lift. But the lift moved up before he could step in. As he jumped in to the moving elevator, his head got trapped between the grill and the lift's side wall,\" the inspector said.The boy's skull was damaged, according to doctors at the hospital where he was taken. \"Later, the body was sent to Salem government hospital for post-mortem. Further investigation is on,\" Ramesh said.Sathyan was living with his grandmother K Bakkiam after his mother died in an accident a few years ago. \"His father, Mohan, works as a truck driver and lives with his second wife. Sathyan was poor at studies and didn't complete class 10. So I told him to look for a job. On my suggestion, he joined the supermarket a few months ago as a sales boy. I was living for my grandson and without him, I don't know how to push my rest days,\" Bakkiam said.Meanwhile, some unknown miscreants pelted stones on to the supermarket when there was a power cut around 6pm. \"No one was injured as the supermarket downed its shutters due to the mishap. A few glasses that were affixed with the windows were broken,\" police said.Bharathi, one of the largest shopping spaces in Salem, has four branches in the city. The branch, where the death occurred, is a three-storied structure and has been in existence for over 15 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986792", "title": "Lhasa Market has variety fare on offer", "text": "PATNA: The nip in the air is now signalling Patnaites to get ready for the approaching winter. And to help them do so, Tibetan refugees' seasonal Lhasa Market, located on Buddh Marg here, opened on Friday. On offer is their latest collection of woollen garments to enable people to stock up their wardrobes.Long woollen kurtis and tunics for young girls and long woollen shrugs for ladies are the biggest attractions for the year. \"We have brought these pure woollen long kurtis, tunics and shrugs in the price range of Rs 750 to Rs 1,000,\" said Neema from Mussoorie, who is putting up her stall here for the last 35 years.Spread over 109 stalls, the Lhasa Market has designer cardigans available in the price bracket of Rs 750 to Rs 900, while woollen blouses are available at Rs 220. \"For young girls, we have brought frilled cardigans starting at Rs 300 and going up to Rs 800,\" said Tenzing, who has come from Bengaluru.\"The designer stoles that can be worn over both jeans and suits can be found here for Rs 180 to Rs 200, while woollen shawls are available for Rs 550 to Rs 600. There are also frilled stoles in the price bracket of Rs 310 to Rs 450,\" said Tenzi from Dehradun.People were seen thronging the market on Saturday. \"I have been buying woollen garments for my family from here for decades since Tibetans bring latest designs at cheaper rates,\" said Sohini Kumari, a customer.Darpan, who has come from Darjeeling with a collection of jackets, said, \"Jackets for males includes wind cheaters, fur jackets, waterproof and parachute material jackets ranging from Rs 700-3,000.\" Cotton sweat shirts can be purchased in the price range of Rs 540 and Rs 670.For ladies, cotton jackets are available for Rs 250 to Rs 830, while hood sweaters, which are attracting many, are priced in the range of Rs 450 to Rs 550. Ladies jackets, ranging from long and short wind cheaters to fur jackets, are priced between Rs 430 and Rs 1,050. Woollen overcoats are available in the range of Rs 1,100 to Rs 1,180.The stalls selling caps at Rs 100 are also attracting crowd. The kids section at the Lhasa market has products ranging from high neck sweaters at Rs 260 to sweatshirts at Rs 340, caps at Rs 100, socks at Rs 130 and gloves at Rs 80. The washable single and double bed blanket is available in the range of Rs 380 to Rs 2,100 while the cost of blanket for babies is Rs 220.\"Almost all the stalls here are selling their products at a 'fixed price'. Even after much attempt, no seller was ready for any bargain,\" said Anshima Jha, a customer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991532", "title": "Post Saas Bina, Srman Jain returns to TV", "text": "Media these days is abuzz with names popping up for featuring in Channel V's Gumrah-The End of Innocence. Followed by the news of Sukirti Khandpal featuring in one of the episodes of the show, names such as Nishant Bhatt, Jayashree Venkataraman also made headlines.Now as the show is on its verge to end in next month, makers (Balaji Telefilms and The Lost Boy Productions) are roping names which will grab larger eye balls.Accordingly, Srman Jain aka Prachin of Sony TV's most celebrated show Saas Bina Sasural will make his comeback with an episodic of Gumrah. Srman will join hands with co actors such as Ketki Jain and Jayashree Venkataraman.Talking on Srman's character a source quips, Srman for the first will be seen in a negative role, where his character has a habit of stammering while talking.On the other hand Ketki Jain, last seen in Sony TV's Sukh By Chance will essay the role of a victim.When contacted, Srman Jain confirmed, \" Yes, I am doing Gumrah. Initially my parents weren't convinced me doing a negative role but for me it was like accepting a challenge and removing my comedy tag. It is wonderful experience for me to do this episode.\"Ketki on the other hand too confirmed the news.Keep reading this space for more updates!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16986212", "title": "'Lovelorn' Uguem truck owner commits suicide", "text": "QUEPEM: A truck owner, Peter Vaz, 28, of Kormonnem, Uguem, allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the Sanguem bridge on Friday.While Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai along with some locals attributed his death due to the closure of mining activity, the police said that Vaz was lovelorn and had hence ended his life.Vaz went missing around 10pm on Friday and his body was found along the river bank. Police inspector Devendra Gad rushed to the site and along with fire service personnel, retrieved the body and sent it for a postmortem.Following rumours that Vaz was depressed as he was unable to pay his truck loans, STOI contacted his brother Apolino who said, \"We own two trucks, but they are engaged at a laterite quarry and are loan-free.\" He added, \"My brother was deeply in love with a girl who ditched him. And it's the only reason he committed suicide.\"The Sanguem police registered the case as an unnatural death under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Stating that he knew Peter for the last four years and he was not the \"type of man who would end his life over a girl\", Phaldesai said, \"Two years ago, he came to me as he wanted to buy a truck and I loaned him 1 lakh as margin money as he was an honest person. He borrowed the rest from his family.\" Phaldesai added that Peter came to him some 15 days ago and said that he found it difficult to pay his truck loan and had ventured into the laterite stone business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987287", "title": "Putting passengers first", "text": "First Air India , now Kingfisher. The sordid survival saga of the country's two mismanaged airlines \u2014 one extended a financial lifeline by its owner, the government , and the other, privatelyowned , facing an uncertain future because its promoter can't pump in more money to keep it flying \u2014 is keeping the aviation sector in the headlines for the wrong reasons.Considering that almost all airlines are facing financial turbulence even a decade after India's first low-cost airline took wing and spurred unprecedented growth in air travel, it reflects poorly on those guiding the destiny of the country's aviation sector. If the cost of air turbine fuel (ATF) was touted as the cause of dismal financial health of the airlines in the past, numerous systemic weaknesses, infrastructure constraints , lack of adequate capacity, particularly after Kingfisher's gradual withdrawal from the market, besides high airport charges and taxes on air travel are making air fares increasingly unaffordable for the aam aadmi.It is ironic that though the aviation industry revolves around the airlines, every one \u2014 be it the Central and state governments, airport operators, oil companies, travel agents \u2014 have been garnering money, and the only losers are the airlines. This is the outcome of flawed policies because the passengers for whom the airlines operate flights are not at the focal point of decision making.Though improved air connectivity is universally regarded as a catalyst for economic development , India has been without a comprehensive civil aviation policy \u2014 perhaps kept deliberately in limbo so that ad hoc decisions can continue to be taken to suit the prospective beneficiaries. The political leadership and the bureaucrats responsible for managing the sector have also lacked innovative thinking . Nor have decisions been taken to make the sector vibrant by addressing concerns of the industry. Two recent policy decisions \u2014 allowing direct import of ATF by airlines and FDI\u2014 were taken because some airlines demanded it for their immediate survival. Yet, it came too late for Kingfisher.It isn't just the Indian carriers that are complaining . IATA and some European airlines have also complained about infrastructural constraints and steep airport charges. Air Asia , the leading low -cost carrier of our continent, had to withdraw flights from major cities in India within months of starting operations, citing poor economic viability. The government has, however, remained unmoved towards initiating remedial measures.After a spectacular 2011, which witnessed an impressive 16% rise in traffic, the growth is now in negative mode. Last month alone saw at least five lakh less passengers as compared to September 2011. While the recessionary trend is undoubtedly a factor, high fares are more to blame. Not only have the fares gone up due high ATF costs and scaling down of the capacity by Kingfisher, the upward revision of airport charges at Delhi by a phenomenal 346%, with revision of Mumbai charges to follow soon, have pushed up fares beyond the reach of many. Though it is heartening to see the government talk about reducing airport charges, the question that remains unanswered is why charges were allowed to be increased so steeply in the first place.To ensure that air travel is indeed affordable, the governments \u2014 at the Centre and in the states \u2014 must give up their short-sighted approach of maximising revenue through taxes on ATF, tickets, etc., unmindful of its impact on fares. It should be replaced with a more pragmatic and reasonable approach so that the twin objectives of ensuring air travel affordable for people and survival of airlines can be achieved.Policy decisions should be taken keeping passengers in view, not the interests of airlines or airport promoters, as has been the case. No terminal has been set up at any of the new airports for exclusive use of low-cost airlines though it is widely known that low-cost carriers prefer using secondary airports to reduce operational costs, the benefit of which is passed on to the passengers by way of lower fares. There are no answers as to why \u2014 ever since the new airport at Hyderabad was commissioned five years ago \u2014 the fully functional Begumpet airport has been rendered useless when it could have served low-cost airline passengers better. Ditto for Bangalore. That would not have happened had passengers' interests been accorded supremacy and the policy makers not been influenced or manipulated by business houses.The writer is former executive director, Air India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "doraha", "code": "16987276", "title": "KCW bags overall trophy", "text": "DORAHA: On the second day of cultural festival \"Roshini '12\" organized at Doraha Institute of Management &amp; Technology, DIMT campus, teams from 27 colleges from all over Punjab participated in various literary, cultural and fine arts events.Around 26 schools participated on the first day while the second day marked the participation of college students in various events like quiz, rangoli, mehndi, essay writing, poster making, cartooning, face painting, dance to the tune, fancy dress, folk song (solo), among others. The overall theme of the festival was \"Drugs free Punjab\".Lt Col S R Talwar, officer-in-command, Doraha Army unit was the chief guest. The event saw participation from more than 350 school students and 250 college students.Overall trophy for schools was given to Green Land Public School, Ludhiana, while KCW, Ludhiana, bagged the overall trophy from colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991856", "title": "Sumanth\u2019s new film is Emo Gurram Egaravacchu", "text": "Actor Sumanth has announced his new film titled Emo Gurram Egaravacchu, to be directed by Chandra Siddharth. The actor and director earlier teamed up for Madhumasam, which fared well at the box office. Chandra Siddharth is coming up with another interesting plot line that has impressed the actor and duo decided to go ahead with an eccentric title.Madan, who earlier directed Pellaina Kotthalo, starring Jagapathi Babu and Priyamani, is producing the movie under Aa Naluguru films banner. Madan worked as a writer for a film Aa Naluguru, before making his directorial debut. SS Kanchi, who penned the script of Rajamouli's super hit film Maryada Ramanna, is writing the story and dialogues and M M Keeravani is composing the tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985372", "title": "Check all aspects of Development Plan, Pawar tells Maharashtra govt", "text": "PUNE: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar has urged the state government to carefully study the implications that the Development Plan (DP) for old city can have on basic infrastructure such as roads, water, sanitation and health, before approving the same.Speaking at a function to release the Diwali issue of 'Mazhe Punyabhushan' on Saturday, Pawar said, \"I spoke with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan about the development plan being prepared and urged him to consider the favourable and unfavourable implications of the plan on the basic infrastructure of the city. The chief minister has assured that suggestions and objections will be invited from citizens and a decision will be taken only after considering them.\"\"The first DP of the city was made in 1987, when the city's area was 130.36 sq.km. Now the area has increased to 242 sq.km after merging 28 villages. The length of the roads in the city is 2,064 km. According to the Regional Transport Office (RTO), 600 to 800 new vehicles come on roads in Pune city per day. The vehicular population in the city is 23.07 lakh as of September end, which is more than that of Mumbai. Efficient public transport is needed to reduce the vehicular population,\" Pawar said.\"The city's water need per day in 1950 was 45 MLD (million litres per day). In 2012, it has increased to 1,232 MLD. The population of the city was 25 lakh in 2001, which has grown to 35 lakh in 2012. The floating population in the city is around 6 lakh. The total population of Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad cities is 55 lakh, so there is a need for a satellite city near Pune. All this point to the fact that the city should have a planned growth,\" Pawar said, adding that, \"however, this change must be in the interest of the common man.\"Earlier he recalled his experiences in the city as a college student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985875", "title": "Crooks clone Ghaziabad resident\u2019s debit card, shop for Rs 1L", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three unique incidents of bank fraud have come to light in the recent past, including one in which a person had his debit card with him but still received messages indicating transactions being made by someone else.In another case, a man was given conflicting directions when he went to deposit cash at his bank branch in Safdarjung Enclave. While one person told him to go Bhikaji Cama Place, another person claimed he could get the money deposited there by simply filling in a few forms. He, however, fled after taking the cash.In a third instance, a person who had applied for a home loan was duped by some people who took his signatures using a magic pen and siphoned off money from his account. They had visited his house on the pretext of collecting 'cancelled cheques' and documents.In all the incidents, police have registered a case and started the probe. In the first case, filed by Ghaziabad resident Ravinder Kumar Pathak, money was illegally withdrawn from his savings account at his Mandir Marg bank last week. Cops said somebody had cloned his debit card and shopped for goods worth Rs 1 lakh. All this while, he kept receiving messages about the transactions.In the second incident, one Mayank, who stays in Arjun Nagar, had gone to deposit a VAT amount of Rs 2 lakh in a bank in Safdarjung Enclave area. He was told by a bank employee, Sanjeev Kumar, to visit either the Sarojini Nagar or Bhikaji Cama Place branch for depositing the amount. \"While leaving Mayank was told by a person that it is possible to submit the money; he took his ID proof along with the cash and made like he was going to the counter. He, however, slipped out with the money,\" said a cop.In another case, one Naushad of Welcome area in northeast Delhi agreed to a home loan offer, whereupon two people visited him and asked for the documents along with two blank cheques with 'cancelled' written on them. Naushad later found that Rs 4.8 lakh had been withdrawn from his account. Cops suspect that the accused had used a magic pen while taking his signatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16986097", "title": "Is model township project a plot to help land sharks?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was meant to be Chaudhary Devi Lal Industrial Model Township but in three years it has turned out to be a model for Haryana government and realty dealers on how to \" rob \" farmers of their land for \"fictitious\" projects.The plight of farmers, who were forced to sell off their land to big colonizers at Lakhnoda, Naurangpur and Manesar villages in Gurgaon district, exposes the flaws in the government's ill-conceived urbanisation plan. A few of the aggrieved farmers have already moved the high court seeking justice.The modus operandi of the government was very simple. On August 27, 2004, the Haryana government, headed by Om Prakash Chautala , initiated proceedings for acquiring 912 acre land in three villages - Lakhnoda, Naurangpur and Manesar - under Section 4 of the acquisition Act to set up Chaudhary Devi Lal Industrial Model Township.After the announcement, villagers panicked as the government's agriculture land acquisition rate of around Rs 15 lakhs per acre was very low. It led to panic selling. It was the right time for land sharks to enter the field and purchase chunks of land at very low prices of around Rs 15-16 lakhs per acre.The township was to be developed by industries and commerce department through Haryana State Industries and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC), which was the nodal agency for execution of the project. HSIIDC was also supposed to bear the expenses for compensation of land acquisition and other developments. To add to the farmers' woes, Chautala lost the elections in 2005 and Bhupinder Singh Hooda came into power in February 2005.Between 2004 and 2005, huge chunks of the agriculture land in the three villages were bought by realtors and colonizers. In several cases, the real estate developers had obtained change of land use (CLU) licences from the town and country planning department for setting up residential and commercial complexes in the area.By the time Hooda government decided to proceed with the project on August 26, 2006, only 688 acre land was left for acquisition. After further deliberations, the land acquisition collector of Gurgaon issued three notices to industries department in August 2007 to deposit Rs 285.7 crores for disbursal of compensation to farmers for acquiring their land.However, the industrial department admitted in a letter to the HSIIDC that the land without any encumbrances was yet to be identified and that it was awaiting another notification from the government for the process. By then, the notification for completing the land acquisition procedures lapsed on August 27, 2007, which gave the Chaudhary Devi Lal Industrial Model Township a silent burial.According to sources, the government deliberately allowed the notification to lapse as major chunk of the land was bought by realtors and colonizers who also had obtained CLU licences for the same. They said DLF, Ansals, Omaxe and Maxpolis groups were among the colonizers who were given CLU licences for housing and commercial complexes in these villages.At present, the collector rate for agriculture land in these villages is Rs 1.40 crores per acre - a nine-fold increase from 2004 to 2012. However, the market price of land in the area now is Rs 70 crores per acre.Realising that they have been robbed of their land, a few villagers moved the Punjab and Haryana high court, which has barred the colonizers and the government to enter into any third party agreement.\"The government has connived with colonizers. Initially the government pressed the panic button forcing us to sell our land to real estate companies in 2004-2005 at throwaway rates. All the land acquisition officers were aware of the fate of the project but they allowed land sharks to buy plots till 2007 and let the notification lapse,'' said Om Parkash, former sarpanch of Manesar village, who is leading the villagers' court battle.\"The entire land is under the control of private builders who got CLU licences now. This is the biggest fraud the government could ever do with villagers,\" he added. Rameshwar, a relative of Om Parkash, who was forced to sell his one acre land to a private builder for Rs 15 lakhs in January 2005, said, \"Today a flat costs Rs 70 lakhs in the areas.\"Kishan Devi, another farmer who sold his land to Indo Asian Constructions Co Pvt Ltd for Rs 15 lakhs per acre, has also moved the court against the government's action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990561", "title": "Udhayanidhi with Santhanam", "text": "Udhayanidhi Stalin's second film will be with the Sundarapandian director Prabahakaran. This film is a comedy flick, which is set in Coimbatore and will be made by Udhayanidhi's production house. Comedian Santhanam has agreed to be part of the cast and Harris Jayaraj will score the music for the film. This trio had already weaved magic in the form of Oru Kal Oru Kannadi and if they come together again, they are sure to produce fireworks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16991910", "title": "Chance for India, West Indies to finish on top of T20 table", "text": "MUMBAI: Sri Lanka and New Zealand will launch what will be an interesting couple of months of T20 internationals (T20Is) when the two sides go head to head in a one-off match, at Pallekele, on Tuesday.As many as seven T20Is, featuring most of the top-ranked sides, are confirmed to be played across the globe before the turn of the year, and, if Sri Lanka loses in Pallekele, then there can be a change at the top of the table on at least two occasions.Sri Lanka, the ICC World Twenty20 2012 finalist, will start off as the number-one ranked side on the ICC T20I Championship table while New Zealand, which lost two ICC World Twenty20 2012 Super Eight stage matches in Super Overs, will begin in eighth position.While a win will ensure that Sri Lanka will end the year as the number-one ranked T20I side, a defeat for Sri Lanka will give ICC World Twenty20 champion West Indies a sniff of the number-one position on the ICC Championship table for the first time since the launch of the current rankings system in October 2011.In the scenario of Sri Lanka losing to New Zealand, Angelo Mathews' side will drop six ratings points and will join Darren Sammy's side on 121 ratings points, which means that if the West Indies beats Bangladesh on 10 December in Dhaka, then the men from the Caribbean will add the number-one ranking to their ICC World T20 title.This may, however, turn out to be a brief stay on top of the ladder as India will leapfrog the West Indies if it defeats England in the T20Is in Pune and Mumbai on 20 and 22 December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985666", "title": "Couple held for obscenity in public place", "text": "PUNE: A couple was arrested by the Kothrud police on Friday night for allegedly indulging in obscene acts inside a car at Bhusari colony in Kothrud.Police said they received a complaint from people living nearby on Friday night. Accordingly, a police team reached the spot and sought an explanation from the couple. Initially, the man and the woman, around 40 years old, said they were married. When the police asked them to furnish their identity cards, they argued and told the police \"not to interfere in their personal matter\". The man claimed he is a prominent businessman.Later, police brought the couple to the police station for questioning. Investigations revealed that the two were not married, but they knew each other well. A case has been registered against the two under sections of the Indian Penal Code. A magisterial court on Saturday released them on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986195", "title": "Now, shack owners on private-plot slam govt", "text": "PANAJI: Persons who put up shacks and huts on private properties across the state came together under the banner of the All Goa Private Property Shacks and Huts Owners' Association and elected an adhoc committee at a meeting at St Cruz on Saturday.President of the association, Dharmesh Ballikar, said the stakeholders are aggrieved over the delay in getting NOCs from government departments for the erection of shacks and huts in private properties.He said the government should have started the process of issuing the NOCs from September 1 so that there was no delay in the setting up of the huts and shacks.\"Tourists have already started coming to the state, but we have not been able to start our annual, seasonal business,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16987723", "title": "Car fest attracts devotees atop Chamundi Hills", "text": "MYSORE: After Dasara, it was Rathothsava which had devotees making a beeline to Chamundeshwari Temple atop Chamundi Hills here on Saturday.Around 60,000 devotees witnessed Chamundeshwari Rathotsava, which is held days after the Dasara festivities. Scion of Mysore royal family, Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar, inaugurated the annual car fest by offering puja to the goddess at 7am.Wadiyar and his wife Pramoda Devi offered pooja at Mahabaleshwara Temple and opened the car fest by pulling the chariot with Utsavamurthy Chamundeshwari. Chief priest Shashishekara Dikshit guided the Wadiyars during the rituals.The chariot was taken around the temple 15 times in accordance with the custom, with a cannon fire after every round. Prasadam, kumkum and flowers were offered to the devotees. Mysore city traffic police supervised traffic movement.Traffic was not affected as many devotees came to the hills by walk. \"Private vehicles were allowed to the hill top, and a few vehicles were parked near Devikere Lake,\" said ACP Prakash Gowda. The temple was open till 10pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16987618", "title": "Bhopal car rallyist 'raids' Himalaya", "text": "BHOPAL: Gauri Gupta,40, is one spunky woman who believes in living life her way. Mother of two, this female car rallyist from Bhopal, recently won the 14th Maruti Suzuki Raid De Himalaya rally in her category.Gauri, driver and the navigator of her team, won the first prize in the stock amateur, the category at Raid, which ranks among the top ten toughest motorsport rallies of the world.The rally which flagged off from Shimla and ended at Leh covering a total distance of 2,400 kms, follows the time-speed-distance (TSD) format.\"I liked the concept of TSD. This was not rash or fast driving, but involved skill to make it to the finish line,\" said Gauri.\"If you believe in yourself and your abilities, anything is possible. With a Maruti Swift , I participated in Raid last year and finished the race. This time with good luck on my side, I aced the 'amateur stock SUV' category with a Sumo Grande,\" she added. \"I took to driving when I was 22. Having always been interested in car racing, I participated in Women's Car Rally organized by an NGO dealing with breast cancer protection in 2009. I have not looked back since,\" she said.\"What a woman can do at 37, why can't a girl at 25? It is all about following your dreams and not giving up on them at any cost!\"With many wins to her credit like Quadrush which was an 'All-Terrain Vehicle (ATV)' event, she was the only female participant, SJOBA (overall winner in women category), Desert Storm (longest rally in India), she will always hold 'Raid' close to her heart, where she was among the five female participants out of 150 rallyists.Overall she has participated in 13 motorsport rallies since 2010.\"Also, after winning the women's team trophy in the Enduro category of the Mughal Road rally, I had my eyes set on Raid this year,\" she said.Gauri took to motorsports when a friend asked her to officiate in Desert Storm, the longest rally in India in 2008.Speaking on how male drivers are different from females, she says, \"While a male driver would indulge in rash driving and even run over an animal to satisfy his ego, a female driver would refrain from doing so as her nurturing instincts are strong. Also females are more sensitive while driving.\"\"But in terms of guts they can give the guys a run for their money,\" she stresses.Gauri, who took up the sport during a 'difficult time' in her life, says her two sons Jai (16) and Roshan (12) are the biggest strengths in her life. \"While I cannot take part in 'Extreme' (more difficult) rallies and have to go for 'Adventure' formats of the game, I have a home to come back to for which I feel blessed,\" she smiles.The gutsy rallyist wants to move to Chandigarh next year so that she stays close to her sons who are in boarding school in Dehradun. \"Chandigarh would be closer to them and also to the starting point of the rallies I take part in, it would be more logical,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986134", "title": "Get set for more traffic snarls on SG Road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While several developmental projects in the city have created traffic bottlenecks, another major construction work will commence from next week that will result into traffic diversion on SG Road, especially for vehicles coming from and going towards Gandhinagar.According to a notification by the city police commissioner, the expansion of National Highway 8 C near Thaltej and Gurudwara Junction will require the vehicles to take suggested diversions. Due to construction of the new lanes, the diversions will be in effect from November 2012 to October 2013.\"As per the new traffic plan, the vehicles on Pakwan crossroads to Sola bridge and Drive-In Road to Thaltej village will be diverted. The vehicles towards Iskcon can take Sindhu Bhavan road towards Govardhan Party Plot and Hebatpur crossroads; the traffic from Vaishnodevi can take the Sola flyover and the service road from near New York Tower. The vehicles can take the Sarkhej route from Muktidham and Grand Bhagwati hotel. Service roads on both sides will be made one-way,\" said a senior traffic branch official.In addition to these diversions, vehicles from Gandhinagar can also take SAL Hospital-NFD Circle to Judges Bungalow Road to go towards Pakwan crossroads.Dinesh Parmar, deputy commissioner of police (traffic) told TOI that additional staff will be deployed on the diversions so as to prevent any bottlenecks. Traffic police also suggest that the vehicles coming from Sarkhej can take the Sardar Patel ring road to go towards Gandhinagar to avert the SG Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986084", "title": "Gujarat MPs eyeing Cabinet berth", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahead of the reshuffle, Congress MPs from Gujarat are eying vacancies created in the Union Cabinet. Already three ministers, Dinsha Patel , Bharatsinh Solanki and Tushar Chaudhary, represent the state in the Cabinet. Patel, currently MoS, mines, is likely to be elevated to Cabinet rank.Other MPs like Pravin Rashtrapal, Vitthal Radadia, Kunvarji Bavalia and Jagdish Thakore were hopeful of securing a ministerial berth. However, party sources say the high command may not want to create any bad blood, ahead of the assembly elections in the state, by making any one of these minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16985379", "title": "X-299 is a 'dispatch order' number: Digvijay Singh", "text": "INDORE: Breaking his silence over secret code 'X-299' in Indore Treasure Island Land scam, being probed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), on the directives of high court, former MP chief minister Digvijay Singh on Saturday revealed that the code was a 'dispatch order' of the file sent to the then chief secretary.Talking to the media, the Congress leader said, \"Had the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) asked what X-299 really meant during the inquiry ordered by the present BJP government, I would have decoded it to the investigating agency,\" he said claiming that even MP minister Babulal Gaur had expressed satisfaction over the inquiry.Coming down heavily on BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , the AICC general secretary said, \"He (Gadkari) must face the media and reply queries pertaining to allegations in fake addresses and names of directors.\" He claimed that even a driver of Gadkari has a flat in the Adarsha Housing Society residential complex in Mumbai.The Congress leader accused Gadkari of having helped his friend and business partner Ajay Sancheti in getting coal blocks in Chhattisgarh at cheaper rates. Referring to CAG report on coal block allotment, he said that Chhattisgarh government had allotted coal blocks to Sancheti at behest of Gadkari for Rs 129 per tonne whereas the neighbouring coal block is fetching Rs 530 per tonne, thus causing huge losses to the exchequer. Criticising the BJP, Singh said there was no mention of prime minister's name in the CAG report and still the BJP has been demanding his resignation. \"Why doesn't it demand resignation from Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh ,\" he said.Digvijay Singh claimed that his predictions on Arvind Kejriwal , Anna Hazare , Ramdev Baba and Sri Sri Ravishankar have come true. \"Why are the anti-graft crusaders not speaking against the BJP national president,\" said Singh adding that it was because they are hand-in-glove.On IAC member Arvind Kejriwal's allegations against Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra, he said that Vadra was not a politician and there has been distribution of unsecured loans by the DLF to many others too. \"I too have been receiving complaints against Gadkari's son, foster son of former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee , son of MP minister Kailash Vijayvargiya and former deputy PM L K Advani's son,\" he said adding that he would not entertain complaints unless they are genuine.Speaking on Madhya Pradesh , Singh said that his party would take up issue of free power supply to farmers in MP. He said that the condition of roads was pathetic in MP and the farmers are being cheated in the name of power supply.Undermining the investors' summit beginning Sunday, Singh said it was nothing but a drive to collect 'chanda' (donation). \"The state government has claimed in the past that 1500 MoUs were singed but ended up getting only 166 MoUs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986242", "title": "Dalgado Konknni Akademi's conference for Konkani editors", "text": "PANAJI: As part of silver jubilee celebrations, Dalgado Konknni Akademi (DKA) will organize a conference of Konkani editors, 'who are working for the preservation and upliftment of Konkani in Roman script', on October 29, at training hall, EDC House, Panaji.'Romi Lipientlean Konknni Ek Rupan Kiteak Borounchi ani Amcheo Oddchonni' (The need to write Konkani uniformly in Roman script and the challenges before It) is the topic of the half-day conference, which will begin at 10am.In the first session after the inaugural ceremony, Konkani scholar and researcher Fr Pratap Naik will give a presentation on the need to write Konkani uniformly in Roman script, which will be followed by discussion. Around 18 editors of Roman script Konkani periodicals will attend the conference.Women bank employees' conventionGoa women bank employees under the banner of Goa bank employees association will hold their third 'all Goa women bank employees convention' on October 28 at Lingayat hall, Margao, at 10 am. The convenor of All India bank employees association's all India women's council Lalita Joshi will inaugurate the convention.North Goa taxi association meetThe North Goa tourist taxi association will organize its second general body meeting at 3pm at St Alex church hall, Calangute, on October 30. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, Calangute MLA Michael Lobo will also attend the meeting. All members are requested to attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989543", "title": "Christina Aguilera's scathing remark on Simon Cowell", "text": "Simon Cowell was on the receiving end of a scathing remark from Christina Aguilera after she labelled the media mogul a \"di*k.\"\"I've not actually seen a full episode of any of the other music shows. I saw the commercials early on of American Idol of Simon being a di*k,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying at the Billboard/Hollywood Reporter Film and TV Conference.\"I was like, 'Man, that's not what it's about!' I didn't want to treat people like that.\"\"I wanted to do The Voice to show that we can be positive. We don't have to knock people down,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16987841", "title": "Light a lantern this Diwali, save earth", "text": "MANGALORE: It's festival time again; an occasion to rejoice the 'festival of lights' and spread awareness of the inner light.Noisy fireworks, giant crackers and sparklers lighting up the sky are unique for Diwali celebrations and not many care about the amount of air and noise pollution they can create.Celebrating the festival without losing the spirit, but with an eye to make the world a better place to live in is what through Sky Lantern Fest 2012, the SRS Global Industry Solutions jointly with the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board, Lions Club, Mangalore and Mangalorean.com, is attempting this year.These organizations are on a mission to educate people on how to celebrate the day in an eco-friendly, economical and beautiful way.Sky Lanterns Fest, first time in the city, will be held at Nehru Maidan on November 10 at 7pm. The objective is to address the cause of air pollution caused by bursting firecrackers.SRSGIS director Rajesh R Raj told STOI that sky lanterns offer spectacular festive spirit of colours and lights that involve no sound pollution, no carbon emission, no poisonous gases and it is safe, noiseless and pollution-free. \"Thousands of sky lanterns will brighten the night skies. Sky lanterns are made of 100 per cent biodegradable fire-retardant paper which results in zero fire hazards. Natural dyes from vegetables and fruits are used for colored lanterns. The fuel cell is a combination of paper, cloth and wax. All these three elements are biodegradable and leave an almost zero carbon footprint when lit,\" Rajesh said, adding that the entire celebration will be pollution free and safe.\"We are concerned about our environment, but people still burn fire crackers and don't want to miss the fun element. They conveniently forget about the debris from the expended firecrackers and their ecological impact,\" he regretted.There have been occasions when animals have tried to eat fire crackers and injured themselves. Much of the concern centres on livestock which can actually die from ingesting the remains of fire crackers. Other concerns surround the environmental impact of the waste left on the ground, which introduces dangerous substances into the environment. Sky lantern is a new earth-friendly way to help alleviate the impact of crackers to the environment and animals, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985649", "title": "Tribal students demand immediate redress of grievances", "text": "NAGPUR: A month after they observed a dharna, students residing at the nine tribal hostels of the city sent a deputation to highlight their grievances to before the project officer. The delegation also met assistant tribal commissioner Pallavi Darade. The students say that they are not being given any of the facilities that they are entitled to according to a GR issued last November.More than 450 hostels are run by the state's tribal development ministry, where around 42,000 students stay. Last month, all these students gathered at Hanuman Nagar hostel to highlight the fact that not only were they not being given the promised facilities at the hostels but also they were not being given several allowances they are eligible for. They alleged that the allowances are being misappropriated by the implementing authorities including the hostel wardens. They had even threatened to launch a statewide stir if their demands were not met.\"After the dharna, we were provided with a some amenities like the sports equipment, study material, magazines and newspapers. The main demands are still pending. The project officer Girish Sarode accepted our memorandum and said that they did not have enough funds at the moment. He assured us that they are trying to speed up the process,\" said Sudhir Pandhare, representative of the Adivasi Vidyarhti Sangha and an inmate of the tribal hostel at Somwari Quarters. He said that the students were only trying to get what the government has provided them.\"We have been approaching many officials since the last few months. When we held the dharna, Sarode visited the hostel and fulfilled some of the demands on the spot. The Imamwada hostel even got a water pump on the next day but the machine developed snag in a week's time. The inmates of this hostel have to go to the nearby police station to get water,\" said Naresh Uikey, an inmate of the Hanuman Nagar hostel. Both Sarode and Darade have assured us that they would be doing whatever was in their power and forward the other demands to the higher authorities, he said.\"In our hostel the only change that has happened in the last month is that we have more magazines and newspapers to read. Other than that, there has been no change and I don't think there would be any very soon,\" said one of the girls from the only hostel in the city for tribal girls. She believes that many of the wardens and others, through whose hands the money passes before coming to the students, would ensure that this steady source of income is not taken away from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16986898", "title": "Angadi claims Col assaulted his guard", "text": "BELGAUM: The Army vs MP Suresh Angadi tussle is getting uglier by the day. On Saturday, Angadi lodged a police complaint accusing Col. Vinod Kumar of the Infantry School of manhandling the security guard of his engineering college at Savagaon. The college, on the outskirts of the city, is in the eye of a controversy for not obtaining a No-Objection Certificate from the Army. The MP says it's not required.Employee injuredAccording to the complaint, the officer and other Army personnel manhandled security guard Basavaraj Yadawad when he tried to stop them from entering the college premises. The Army is constructing a compound wall and it's attached to the college compound. The MP claimed that Yadawad sustained minor injuries and he filed the complaint on his behalf as he was an employee. Angadi gave the written complaint to SP Sandeep Patil who told STOI the complaint would be registered at Belgaum (Rural) police station and action initiated as per the law. \"The district administration should provide security to private individuals,'' he said.The Army is constructing a compound wall around 16 acres of open land attached to the college, claiming its ownership. According to revenue records, the land belongs to the state government.Despite the government's instruction, the Army is continuing the construction. According to taluk administration sources, the villagers of Savagaon submitted a petition seeking the allotment of this land for a children's playground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16985765", "title": "Ex-PM's 'ill-treatment' in Ajmer angers Pakistan", "text": "AJMER: Id celebrations turned sour for former Pakistan prime minister Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain, as he was detained at Ajmer by India's intelligence bureau (IB) for travelling without essential documents like visa, on Saturday.Hussain, who is also the Pakistan Muslim League's president, was detained for three hours at a hotel where he, along with the party's secretary-general S Syed Mushahid Hussain , had lodged. It was only when the Pakistan embassy in New Delhi emailed Hussain's papers around midday that the Indian authorities allowed him to move out of his room.Meanwhile, both the countries' officials present at the hotel in Ajmer got engaged in heated talks. The Pakistani delegation protested that the Indian authorities were being too hard on a former prime minister. The Indian officials, however, justified their action.\"The IB department has certain requirements which are essential to be fulfilled and, therefore, the officials requested the Pak delegation for the travelling papers, which were later sent by the Pakistan embassy,\" said Sunita Danga, district protocol officer.Chaudhry had come to Ajmer to offer a special prayer at the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti on the occasion of Eid. He reached the city early on Saturday morning, attended the especial prayers and offered chadder and flowers at the dargah.When Chaudhry and the accompanying Pak delegation returned to a five-star hotel around 9.45 am, the IB department approached him and requested for the visa and the permission to visit Ajmer. The former Pak prime minister was moving out of his room for breakfast then, but the IB officials asked him to wait until the papers were shown. The matter took an ugly turn when the Pakistan Embassy counselor Abrar Hussain objected saying the IB should not behave like this with the former prime minster of Pakistan.The IB team led by inspector DD Sharma, however, insisted that the formalities were essential and without submitting the papers the delegation cannot move out of the hotel. \"Soon allegations and counter-allegations were levelled and Abrar Hussain accused the Indian system,\" an official source said. Embassy counselor Abrar denied commenting anything officially but he expressed anger at the IB officials and said, \"This is not the manner in which one behaves with a former prime minster.\" \"We had the permission, the visa as well as the passport, but we left them in New Delhi as the visit was totally religious,\" another Pakistani official said.The permission and visa along with the copy of a passport of the delegation was sent by e-mail and submitted to the IB officials around 12.05 pm and thereafter the Pak delegation was allowed to move out of the hotel.Former Pakistan prime minster and Muslim League president Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain said that the Kashmir issue should be resolved through bilateral relations. He said, \"Both the countries should avoid the groups that are creating hurdles in resolving this issue.\"Chaudhry visited Ajmer on Saturday to offer prayers at the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti. Talking to reporters on the occasion, he said Kashmir was not a 'grave' issue and could be settled once both the countries came to the table to resolve it. He agreed that there were some groups that did not want Pakistan's relations with India to improve and so both the governments should start avoiding them.Chaudhry said Pakistan was worst hit by terrorism, especially after the Afghanistan war. \"At present Pakistan is facing the consequences of terrorism, and to come out it, both India and Pakistan should come closer and fight against it,\" the former PM said. He said relations with India were the requirement of the time and efforts should be made to improve them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992600", "title": "Dodda Maasti: Arjuna is like my son and I have complete faith in him", "text": "Dodda Maasti, mahout of the Arjuna, was the cynosure of all eyes at the recently concluded Dasara festival in Mysore. Forest department officials took the risk of changing the elephant which would carry the golden howdah a few days before the Vijayadashami procession and gave Arjuna the responsibility of carrying the 750-kg howdah this year. Balarama, which carried the howdah 13 times, was weak. Maasti says he took on the mantle confidently as Arjuna had been an obedient animal. Maasti, 52, says Arjuna could well carry the howdah for another decade.How was the first Dasara as mahout of the State Elephant?I woke up at 5am on Vijayadashami and offered prayers to 'Maasthamma', our family deity, and to goddess Chamundeshwari and sought their blessings for a peaceful procession. My family, other mahouts / kavadis and forest officials gave me moral support. I had complete faith in Arjuna who was obeying my commands sincerely.How did you feel during the procession?We always want the Dasara festival to be held without a problem and we seek the blessing of the presiding deity. Ever since Arjuna was declared the State Elephant, I remained composed and calm which is essential for a mahout. I never felt nervous but kept speaking to Arjuna all along the 5-km procession route and he followed my commands and successfully completed the task.How would you describe Arjuna?I know Arjuna better than anyone else. I don't know about his past but ever since he's been with me, for 12 years, he is courteous. Arjuna is like my son and I take utmost care of him through the year. He is a family member and remains silent at the Kakanakote elephant camp, where he stays, like other department elephants.How confident were you about Arjuna?Forest officers usually discuss with all the mahouts and kavadis before taking a final decision on which elephant should carry the golden howdah every year. This season too, the issue came up as Balarama was weak. I pitched for Arjuna because he's the only big elephant among all Dasara elephants and during the rehearsal, he carried the wooden howdah effortlessly and reached the destination within 90 minutes. Moreover, he was not naughty, as some people described him. My colleagues supported me on this score.What treatment does Arjuna get now?I'll continue with the same nourishment. Arjuna likes ragi balls, coconut, paddy, sugarcane and banana. But, I don't know whether Arjuna, who has been used in elephant rescue/catching operations, should be used for this in future as he may get injured.What's your impression about the festival?I've been attending Mysore Dasara for 25 years. Devotees from different parts of the world come for the blessing of goddess Chamundeshwari. I think, with every passing year, the number of people witnessing the procession is increasing. This year too, the number was much higher than earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16987135", "title": "Rousing reception awaits Mar Cleemis", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A ceremonious welcome awaits cardinal-designate, major archbishop Catholicos Baselios Mar Cleemis of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church on his homecoming here on October 31.State ministers, senior leaders in the opposition parties and corporation mayor would welcome the cardinal-designate when he reaches the Trivandrum International Airport at 9.35am on Wednesday. \"We have planned the reception in a simple, but elegant manner,\" said Fr Koshy Chirattarottu, chancellor of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church, Thiruvananthapuram archdiocese.Chief Minister Ommen Chandy, leader of opposition V S Achuthanandan and a couple of Union ministers from the state are among the few expected to be present at the St Mary's Cathedral Church on his arrival.\"He will be garlanded at the church gate and the dignitaries and followers of the church will give a befitting welcome to the cardinal-designate at 10.30am. In return, he will address the dignitaries and the gathering. After that, the dignitaries and the cardinal-designate would together enjoy a feast,\" Fr Koshy said.Mar Cleemis is the only Indian among the six senior priests named cardinals in the latest expansion of the College of Cardinals. He is the fifth Malayali cardinal after Joseph Parekkatil, Antony Padiyara, Varkey Vithayathil and George Alancherry, all from the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.Pope Benedict XVI made the declaration of the ordination at the Vatican around 3.30pm on Wednesday. Simultaneously, a declaration was made at the headquarters of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church at Pattom here.The formal ordination ceremony will be held at the Vatican on November 24. During the ceremony, he will receive the cardinal's insignia and the official apparel, including the red broad-brimmed tasseled hat. The cardinal designate will henceforth be known as Baselios Cardinal Cleemis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991709", "title": "JLo-Casper celebrate 1-yr anniversary on Twitter", "text": "Jennifer Lopez and Casper Smart , who have been dating since her split from husband Marc Antony, celebrated their one-year anniversary on Thursday and put on the most public display of affection on Twitter.Although the singer and her former backup dancer were slow to confirm their relationship back in fall 2011, they were anything but coy about one another on the social networking site this week.\"BEAUcasperSMART BEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Today is OUR's!! Thank you for sharing your beautiful smile with me everyday!\" Us magazine quoted Lopez as tweeting.The 'Dance Again' singer's beau responded in kind.\"Happy 1 yr. anniversary to the most Gorgeous, Kind, Sweet, Funny, Beautiful Lil Bear in the world.... Love Bear #October25,\" Smart tweeted.The couple went public with their romance last November - four months after Lopez and Marc Anthony announced the end of their 7-year marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16986493", "title": "'Murderous mom' had no idea of pregnancy", "text": "SURAT: Family members and neighbours claimed that accused mother Pooja Sapariya had played garba on all nine nights of Navratri and was not facing any problem in her life. She has been booked for allegedly murdering her newborn boy by throwing him from the third floor balcony of her apartment immediately after delivery on Thursday night.People living near Ajmal Apartment of Puna Gam claimed that the accused did garba like any normal girl and that no one knew that she was pregnant. Her family members had noticed that she had gained weight in the last few months, but did not probe further for the reason behind it. Pooja's husband Jitesh, however, told her to meet a gynaecologist and she, too, had discussed it with her sister-in-law. Meanwhile, she felt pain in stomach and bought some medicines, said sources, adding that she had planned to visit a doctor with her sister-in-law soon.Her family members claimed that she had no major problem in her menstrual cycle. A diamond polisher, Jitesh belongs to Veral village of Jamnagar. Jitesh and Pooja had got married in February. They had love marriage and both studied up to class X. Both are from the same caste and thus their families had accepted their relationship. Pooja's parents also stay in the same apartment where her husband's family stays.Pooja told police that she was not aware that she was going to deliver the child even when she was bleeding profusely on Thursday night. She then delivered the baby in her room and put the child in a plastic bag and allegedly flung it from the gallery. The baby, which fell on the road in front of the building, was shifted to a hospital where it succumbed to its injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985385", "title": "Free sale, unlicensed fumigators thrive in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Aluminium phosphide, a pesticide that can be used only in foodgrain godowns, is readily available and at least 200-300 pouches of the pesticide are sold in Pune every day, sources in the Pune unit of Pest Management Association said.\"There is lack of awareness with the indoor use of aluminium phosphide. As per norms it cannot be used indoors,\" said Sarang Savalekar, president of the association. The gas lingers for 72 hours in closed premises, he added.The pesticide can be bought at several retail shops in the city. \"Though such fumigants should be sold only to licence-holding fumigators, they are sold without checks,\" Savalekar said.The association has cautioned citizens to check which pesticides are used for pest control in their homes. Aluminium phosphide was used in the flat rented by student Akash Mehtre who died after inhaling its fumes.There are over 300 unregistered pest control agencies in the city operating without procuring proper licences from the state agriculture department , the designated authority to issue such licences, the association said.Pest control operators sometimes use restricted pesticides which puts the onus of checking what is being used on citizens hiring their services. Asking for the instructions manual or a leaflet that comes with the pesticide being used and checking if it is recommended by World Health Organisation and the Central Insecticide Board (CIB) for indoor application would go a long way in avoiding deaths, sources said.Mehtre, an 18-year-old law student, inhaled fumes of the pesticide sprayed inside his rented flat. Last August, two elderly sisters in Kothrud died under similar circumstances. A few months ago, two siblings lost their lives in Andheri, Mumbai, after they breathed in fumes of a pesticide used to checks pests in their flat.Savalekar told TOI that ready availability of restricted pesticides in the market made pest control operators use them for routine jobs. \"At times, though they use approved pesticides, they do so without following the instructions on the label, which include technical information on the pesticide,\" he said.Pesticides recommended for indoor use by WHO and the CIB are safe to be used in households. \"However, they too should be used and handled by trained operators. Common people should not use or handle these pesticides in their households,\" he added.Savalekar said there are approximately more than 200 registered and 300 unregistered pest control operators in the city. \"There are instances when workers at pest control companies leave their jobs and begin operating on their own, without procuring licences from the authorities,\" he said, adding there was currently no checking or monitoring mechanism in place to get hold of such unregistered pest control operators.Customers should take certainprecautions. \"Upon calling a pest control operator, one should state the kind of bug problem being faced and ask the operator to send a qualified person over so that one can discuss the issue and ask for possible solutions. The customer should also ask for a printed brochure of the methodology or application of the pesticide. After that, the duration of the work and precautions to be taken during the application of the pesticide should be asked,\" he said.He said customers should make sure that the substance to be applied while pest controlis not banned by CIB and has been recommended for indoor application by the board. \"This could be done by asking for the pesticide's leaflet, which contains information on its safety and if it has been recommended for indoor usage by CIB and WHO. Customers can also ask for the 'material safety data sheet' or MSDS of the pesticide, which includes information on its physical data, toxicity, health effects, storage, disposal and the like,\" he said.BOX: Some do's and dont'sOnce the pest control procedure, including the pesticide application, is over, precautionary cleaning with a disinfectant and ventilating the house should followAt the time of using the pesticide, the applicant should give basic knowledge of the chemical to the customer, such as how safe it is for humans, pets, children and senior citizensMake sure that the substance to be applied during pest control is not banned by CIB and has been recommended for indoor application by the board.Did you know?Customers often prefer strong-smelling pesticides as they feel stronger a substance smells, the more effective it is. Better pesticides with a mild odour and no vapour are best for indoor application.The Pest Management Association has 225 members in the country and over 1,000 professionals engaged in structural pest control. The association conducts training and upgrades courses for its members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16986482", "title": "I-T department to target realty investors", "text": "SURAT: The income tax (I-T) department is all set to target investors, including diamantiares, textile industrialists, businessmen and real estate brokers, who have pumped in huge amount of money in realty projects in the city. This follows the detection of Rs 95 crore worth of unaccounted income from more than a dozen-odd real estate developers in the past 20 days. The I-T sleuths recovered documentary evidences on the huge amount of investment in various realty projects coming up at Vesu, Piplod, Adajan, Pal, Puna etc.Official sources said the department's focus was on diamantaires, textile industrialists and other businessmen and real estate brokers.\"The documents of the deals by the diamond companies through the brokerage firms are being scrutinized. Preliminary investigation has revealed that crores of rupees have been diverted into the city's real estate sector,\" said a senior I-T officer.As per industry estimates, several diamantaires have diverted at least Rs 30,000 crore worth of working capital loans borrowed from foreign, private and national banks into real estate and speculative buying of rough diamonds since 2010.Now, with the downturn in the real estate too and falling rough prices, big players are finding their investments stuck up. A major chunk of these loans were borrowed through round-tripping in which a small tribe of diamond traders would get cheap finance against export of same set of diamonds over and over again.They used the finance obtained from several high-street lenders to dress up past losses on their books, carry out speculative deals in rough diamonds and divert a substantial part into real estate sector. These loans were mostly borrowed for export finance at London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor) from the banks and it worked out 5.5-6% cheaper than minimum rupee loans extended by banks to corporates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16985771", "title": "'Centre, state playing letter game to buy time'", "text": "BHOPAL: The state and central government have been at loggerheads on \"legal powers to act against illegal drug trials\" by exchanging letters for the past one year with both shifting onus on each other.While the Centre claims it cannot interfere in state's matter, the state claims, the Centre secures all rights for legal action on the issue. Whistle-blowers see it as a 'trick' to deflect attention from the core issue.In 2011, state health authorities issued a letter to the Centre seeking rights to keep tabs on legal trials and powers to act against guilty doctors - the centre responded asking the state to appoint a nodal officer for monitoring drug trials - In 2012 state sent another letter claiming delayed response from the Centre was making it difficult for them to take action. Communications are still on from both ends, said sources.\"This is a simple trick to divert the main issue. Authorities are trying to create confusion instead of acting, notwithstanding the fact that several poor patients, including infants lost their lives while being used to test new drugs,\" says Dr Anand Rai, Supreme Court petitioner on drug trials issue.The state has taken a wrong stand claiming that it has no power to act. \"If it has no powers how could the joint director of health (Indore) Dr Sharad Pandit recommend criminal proceedings against 12 doctors for drug trails?\" asks Dr Rai.The state government had slapped a fine of Rs 5,000 each on those doctors on Dr Sharad Pandit's recommendations. Dr Pandit's investigations on drug trials was based on Madhya Pradesh Upcharyagriha Tatha Rujopchar Sambandhi Sthapanaye (registrikaran tatha unugyapan) Adhiniyam 1973.\"If there is a will, there is a way. If Dr Pandit can conduct investigation and recommend punishment under this Act, why is the state waiting for Centre's approval?\" asks Dr Rai, adding that Dr Pandit had also recommended cancellation of their registrations from the state medical council. The doctors have not even paid the fine so far, he pointed out.In March 2011, the then health secretary S R Mohanty had written a four-point letter to the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) which included authorising a state representative to monitor clinical trials through amendments in Rule 21 (b) of Drug and cosmetic Rules 1945, and his role and responsibility for the purpose of monitoring of clinical trials.In response to this communication, undersecretary (health) Sudhir Kumar wrote a letter to the state on May 23, 2012 asking the authorities to appoint a nodal officer for quick exchange of information on such issues.The officer also assured the state that all information regarding the permits of trials will be shared with the state besides report of injury, death or violations by the doctors. Till date, no nodal officer has been appointed, said sources.On September 17, deputy director (medical education) S S Kumhare had sent another letter to the Centre citing that they had not received any information about action taken by the DCGI. \"The department is not in a position to take any action on the same issue. Kindly send your suggestions,\" reads the state's letter to Centre. Last week, one more letter was sent to the DCGI for the same, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16985921", "title": "Sushma takes up kitchen issues in tea town", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Lok Sabha opposition leader Sushma Swaraj visited the home turf of BJP's vice-president Shanta Kumar , tea city of Palampur on Saturday, and used the female factor to her advantage as kitchen issues dominated her poll speech. She said Delhi leaders might have ignored these, but Mumbai took up her cause in the form of a song.Sushma Swaraj said being a woman she had always raised the issue with the Congress chairperson Sonia Gandhi who had also turned blind eye towards it. \"I had always raised the issue of inflation in Lok Sabha, being a female I can understand the kitchen problems and I conveyed the same to Sonia Gandhi, but nothing came out from there. But my voice had impact in Mumbai as Amir Khan had a song in his movie 'Pipli Live' 'Sakhi sayian to khub he kamaat hai, mehngai dayan khaye jaat hai',\" she said taking a jibe.The opposition leader said prices of combustible substances are going through the roof, how are women supposed to cook. \"Our arthshashtri (economist) has proved to be anarthshashtri (master of bad) during his tenure as prime minster,\" she added.Taking a dig at Virbhadhra Singh, she said he is indulging in corruption openly without any fear. \"He is getting money from one side and depositing it on the other side,\" Sushma said.She said she has always been fond of this town, but had nothing to say about the degrading tea industry, which once was the identity of Palampur. At present, most of the tea growers are leaving this trade due to continuous neglect by the state and central government. Now, when prominent leader such as Rahul Gandhi of Congress and Sushma Swaraj of BJP arrived here, no one mentioned about tea industry which left the tea growers dejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16993129", "title": "A day without dawn: Gurpreet Ghuggi on Jaspal Bhatti\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "\" Din ta chadeya si par saver nahi hoi (It was a day without dawn),\" said actor comedian Gurpreet Ghuggi disconsolately with a lump in his throat as he recalled the tragic day when he came to know about Jaspal Bhatti's death in a road accident.A pal of gloom has descended on Punjabi cinema, ever since dismaying news of Jaspal Bhatti's untimely death spread across. Gurpreet was with Bhatti's bereaved family at their sector 19 residence, which was crowded by hundred's of Bhatti's fans.\"It was a bad day for all the comedians and Punjabi film industry,\" said Ghuggi. \"He was not just a star. There are hundreds of them and he was the sun, brightest amongst all,\" he added.Ghuggi worked with Mr. Bhatti in films like Jija Ji and Chak De Phatte . Bhatti pitted Ghuggi against him in his movie Jija Ji , which saw one of the most memorable performances by the duo, in which Ghuggi played the role of Bhatti's brother in law.Ghuggi remembered him as a jovial person with a witty sense of humour but with a \"positive approach\" towards life. \"He ( Jaspal Bhatti) told me that I gave you a poor and unappealing role and you made it memorable with your performance. Now I have to be very careful while offering you a role. Such wittily he used to praise. He always had a smile on his face even at odd times. O tension da vi mazak udana jaande si (He knew how to make fun of tension).\"The inconsolable actor also said that no one else could fill the void he left. \"There are other comedians but you cannot find an intellectual comedian like him. He was the only one of his kind and it would be very difficult to find someone like him,\" said Ghuggi and he signed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986175", "title": "HC raps information commission for its poor communication system", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Information Commission has been rapped by Gujarat high court (HC) for its poor communication process and maintenance of records.Justice K M Thaker pulled up the information commission for \"lack of system of maintaining records\". The HC issued a word of caution and asked the commission to follow certain procedure in issuance of notice and maintenance of records.This happened when a litigant complained before the HC that the information commission slapped a penalty of Rs 25,000 for his inaction in furnishing information, but without intimating him about proceeding on the appeal.In this case, one Shailesh Patel sought details from Indrasinh Zala, principal of a school, under the provisions of Right to Information Act, 2005. Zala as a public information officer of the school did not furnish information, and this brought Patel to the information commission.On Patel's appeal, the commission issued notice to Zala and the proceedings were rescheduled on a couple of occasions. Finally, the commission took up the case on June 6 last year, but Zala remained absent. The commission held Zala guilty of violating the law by not furnishing information to Patel and fined him Rs 25,000.Zala moved the HC complaining that the commission completed proceeding without hearing him. The commission showed documents that it had sent a notice, which Zala never received. The HC asked the commission to initiate the proceeding once again, and decide on penalty later. However, the HC also took note of the fact that Zala has not supplied information till then.However, the high court thought it fit to give certain suggestions to the commission. \"It appears necessary and appropriate to put a word of caution and suggestion to the commission that it is because of commission's system of dispatching notice of hearing and because of its lack of system of maintaining record of service of notice that such situation arise... Hence, the Commission should forward every and all intimations to the contesting parties by registered post as a regular procedure and it should maintain a proof of service of intimations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992785", "title": "Jagapathi Babu's April Fool to release in Nov", "text": "The Bhumika - Jagapathi Babu starrer April Fool, is gearing up for a November release. The film's shooting is completed and the post production is underway. Touted to be an \"absurd comedy\", the film is directed by Dr K Srikanth Iyengar. \"I had envisioned the movie to be made in a certain way and it's come out just the way I wanted it to be. So, I have no regrets whatsoever and I'm really pleased. We completed the shooting in 38 call sheets! It's been a great team effort,\" says the debuante filmmaker. The film apparently has a magical element to it as well.Bhumika plays a journalist while Jagapathi Babu plays a Jr lawyer in the movie. \"It's a dream girl meets dream girl kind of a love story. However, their romance is far from perfect as they face many conflicts between themselves,\" shares Srikanth.The director is all praise for his lead actors who apparently signed on the project \"despite not exactly understanding what the movie was all about.\" \"After hearing my narration, the first thing Bhumika told me was \"are you crazy, I don't know what to make of this story.\" Jagapathi Babu also had similar things to say about the script. But once they were on board, they completely went with the flow. It's that kind of a film,\" says Srikanth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16987543", "title": "Tough to track netas\u2019 festive moves", "text": "VADODARA: When Ravana's effigy was going up in flames at the Polo grounds on Dussehra night, a few would have noticed an odd sight - one of the video cameras was not facing the spectacle, it was recording the audience' enclosures. That was the video surveillance team of the model code of conduct monitoring committee ( MCMC), which faces the daunting task of keeping tabs on scores of politicians , who have got active in the field after the announcement of the assembly elections.\"The festival season is on and since all these are religious festivities, the code of conduct warns against exploitation of any religious platform for political activities. That is why we are recording the Dussehra celebrations, and in the coming days, we expect more such assignments coming our way where politicians are likely to be present,\" a committee member told TOI.However, their task would not be easy. While it is easy to cover festivals, which have centralized location for celebrations like mosques and Dussehra grounds, the team is raking its brains to find a way of covering more personalized events like Bhai-Bij or even Diwali. \"We are hoping that aware citizens would help us in monitoring the activities of political leaders during such occasions,\" a senior official confessed.However, the expenditure monitoring committee is breathing easy for the time being. \"Our work starts only when the candidates' names are nominated and cleared. Till that time we have to keep a general watch over expenditure by political parties who have no specific limit to maintain,\" the official said.The district authorities are trying to cobble up more surveillance teams and videography units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16987459", "title": "James Bond can thank Bangalore for 'Skyfall'", "text": "BANGALORE: Daniel Craig's latest Bond flick has critics in raptures. Many have called it the best Bond movie ever. Bangalore can take some credit for this. A 250-strong Bangalore team played a big role in creating the jaw-dropping special effects of 'Skyfall', set to release on November 2.The Sam Mendes-directed 'Skyfall' is heavy on CGI (computer-generated imagery). A major chunk of the special effects and graphics for the movie was done by two studios of The Moving Picture Company (MPC) in Bangalore and London. The Technicolor-owned MPC is a London-based post-production outfit that creates high-end visual effects, computer animation and integrated digital content for Hollywood .A team of 250 graphic artists, special-effects experts, animators, and other professionals at MPC Bangalore worked in tandem with their 600 counterparts at MPC London. Over eight months, they created thousands of frames and graphic insertions to create footage for 'Skyfall'.Biren Ghose, country head for Technicolor India, told STOI: \"India has emerged as an important destination for quality animation. It's a tribute to the artists and technicians at MPC Bangalore. They could work shoulder to shoulder with their global counterparts in London to bring out world-standards graphics and special effects in remarkably short time.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985644", "title": "DDA to invite views on farmhouse policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Development Authority will start inviting objections and suggestions on the farmhouse policy from next week. According to sources, the public will have up to 90 days to respond to the proposal for regularizing over 2,700 farmhouses in the city by re-designating them \"country homes\".After the period for getting objections and suggestions is over, the proposal will be examined by the board of enquiry and returned to DDA, which will send it to the urban development ministry for final notification. Sources said the process will be speeded up and the final notification is likely within four to six months.The policy, which has been in limbo for years, was approved by DDA in early August. Farmhouse owners will have to pay hefty compounding charges to legalize their properties. The charges are yet to be decided.The policy document tabled before DDA states: \"All existing farmhouses in the proposed urban extension area that had come up prior to February 7, 2007 and also those where sanctions had been sought prior to February 7, 2007 but accorded later than that date by the regulatory authority shall be regularised as country homes\".The proposal for enhanced floor-area ratio for motels \u2014 from the current 15 to 175 \u2014 was also approved for final notification and publication in the gazette. Motel owners will be able to carry out twelvefold expansion with the revised FAR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987217", "title": "All you need to know about Windows 8", "text": "With Windows 8, launched on Friday, Microsoft wants to ensure that its new operating system runs on all form factors - desktops, notebooks and even tablets. The software giant foresees people using a common OS, seamlessly interoperating between different devices without any glitches. It also envisions hybrid gizmos that can function as a fullfledged tablet or laptop depending on the user's requirements. Of course, to create an OS that would work just as well with touchscreens as it would with the keyboard and mouse, MS has had to make some big changes to Windows.Logging inWindows 8 is heavily integrated with Microsoft's web services. Users are provided with the ability to log on to their PCs with a Windows Live ID (instead of a more traditional local user account) for seamless functioning between various devices. For example, if you're following certain news feeds in the Reader app on your tablet, the same content will also be available to you on your PC. Besides you are automatically logged-on to those Metro-style apps and services that use your Live ID for authentication.The modern UIIn one of the most radical changes to Windows in the last 28 years, MS has introduced a new tile-based user interface known as the Modern UI. First seen on Windows Phone (and called Metro UI), this interface lends itself to operations with a touchscreen.Each app shows up as a tile on the 'Start Screen' . These app tiles are also capable of displaying dynamic updates. For example, the People app will display the latest updates from your social networks , while the News app will scroll through headlines. Even Control Panel settings and Network Connections are handled through this new interface.GesturesSince this OS is supposed to run on tablets, the Modern UI is designed to work with gestures such as pinching in and out, or quickly scrolling through apps with a swipe of a finger.DesktopThere are two changes that MS made to the Desktop feature in Windows 8. First, it can now be accessed through a tile on the Modern UI. And second, the Start button is gone! (See box on how to bring it back.) Instead, users have to move the cursor to the bottom-left corner of the screen, or press the Windows key on the keyboard, to access the 'Start Screen' .In the Desktop mode, users will be able to run all the software that they have always used in Windows. New programs will show up as a shortcut on the Start Screen.AppsLike the iTunes Store and the Google Play Store, Windows 8 comes with its own store where you can download and install apps. Of course, the Store will be limited to Modern apps (other programs and software will have to be procured and installed like how it's always been done).File copyFile copy now comes with buttons to pause, resume and stop each transfer, and provides details on copy speed too.Task managerMicrosoft says that 85% of Windows users only bring up the 'applications' and 'processes' Task Manager to check which program is using up system resources and to close those that are 'Not Responding' . So MS decided to make this easier with a revamped Task Manager that displays a simple list of the programs that are running on your PC, with a handy 'End Task' button. Of course, more details like Services, App History, Startup, etc, are available, if needed.Refresh &amp; restoreIf a PC seemed sluggish, the old solution was to format the C drive and reinstall the OS. But Windows 8 gives users the option to go back to default settings by merely clicking the 'Refresh' option in the Settings menu. You don't lose any of your personal data in this. And in case this doesn't work, consider the Restore option,which wipes the hard drive and reinstalls Windows 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985548", "title": "Blameless but forced to live behind jail walls", "text": "NEW DELHI: They stay in cramped prison spaces with minimum facilities at their disposal. But they're not criminals. They are the children of women who have been convicted or are facing trial. Over 800 children up to the age of six are languishing in prisons across seven states and union territories, including Delhi, for no fault of their own. Sadly, the juvenile justice system is yet to make room for them under \"children in need of care and protection\".A study undertaken by Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights (DCPCR) reveals that 56 such children below the age of six are lodged in Delhi's prisons along with their mothers, as per 2011 data. The study, titled 'Children of Prisoners-A Rights based Perspective', highlights the plight of about 871 children who are imprisoned in 117 jails in Delhi, Goa, Gujarat, Puducherry, Punjab, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal. These children are prone to psychological problems, physical abuse and stunted development due to a lack of facilities, the study points out.A study-based report compiled by DCPCR member Dr Sarita Sarangi talks about both boys and girls aged below six living with parents inside prisons and children of prisoners aged between 6 and 18 living outside. Of the 6,501 women convicts and undertrials across the seven states/UTs, 1,885 had children lodged in jails at some point of time and 3,380 had kids living outside.Children can be sent to prison with parents if they are young and dependent, have no parental/ family support outside the prison or are born inside the jail, the report states. It also exposes the lack of coordination between the criminal justice system and the juvenile justice system. \"Despite being the most vulnerable among underprivileged children, as they also carry an emotional burden arising from the fact that they are the children of a convict/undertrial, these kids are not recognized under \"children in need of care and protection\" under the Juvenile Justice (Care &amp; Protection of children) Act 2000,\" the study highlights.Pointing out that \"prison\" is a state subject, the report states that the age up to which prisoners are allowed to keep children with them varies from one state to another. For instance, in Bihar the age limit is up to two years, in Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan and Maharashtra it is up to four years and in Delhi, Tamil Nadu &amp; Karnataka, children up to the age of six can live with prisoners. Once kids cross the particular age, they have to be moved to a hostel or left in the care of relatives or a parent outside jail.Jail authorities in the capital have expressed helplessness in providing permanent facilities to these children, citing the intervention of NGOs. To overcome the problem, the report suggests that states step-up measures so that the benefits of various welfare schemes like Integrated Child Protection Scheme (ICPS) and Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) can reach these children. It also recommends that the Delhi government should make efforts to trace prisoners' children \u2014 aged below 18 \u2014 living outside jails. \"A detailed plan of action must be chalked out for their rehabilitation and they must be brought under the framework of the JJ Act,\" the study underlines. Alternative methods of sentencing like parole, probation, bail and community sentencing must be explored for the mothers of children aged below six, to reduce the psychological stress of the child.Terming the report 'timely', Delhi's women and child development minister Kiran Walia said that the suggestions for policy changes made in the report should be considered positively, keeping in view the developmental needs of the children of prisoners.DCPCR chairperson, Arun Mathur, reiterated her views. He said, \"Children of prisoners are the most vulnerable section of society. It is time to give in depth consideration to the existing legal mechanisms so that their rights can be safeguarded\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16986476", "title": "Sunil will always live in Bangladeshi hearts", "text": "Their place is by our bedside table, on our pillows, desks or bookshelves, and in our hearts. They are essential to the experience of growing up. Sunil Gangopadhyay was no exception, and so his passing is as lamentable as the loss of a family member. The people of Bangladesh were stunned to hear that their beloved poet and writer was no more.Many, including myself, first heard of Sunil's death on Facebook. I was looking out of the window. It was a sunny autumn morning, the rays of light dancing on the green, youthful leaves of the 'kadam' trees and reflecting from dewdrops on 'shiuli' flowers. Neera must be well today, I thought. How could it be that Sunil is no longer in this beautiful world?Like many other Bengalis of our generation, I was corrupted in my adolescence by Sunil's romantic verse. This hand once touched Neera's face; can I commit any crime with this hand? Then, there were his romantic short stories. In 'Premer Galpo', for instance, I remember Manisha's two lovers. I loved Manisha, but she didn't love me; she loved Animesh!That was the age of hopeless romanticism; there wouldn't be a cloud in the sky, but I would be sad. The heavens would glow azure, but I would still be sad. Why? I did not know. I couldn't forget the eyes of a girl I had seen on a rickshaw and the way her voice kissed my ears, accompanied by the tune of a harmonium. So, like every other Bengali boy, I took shelter in poetry, in Sunil; from Sunil to Shakti, Shakti to Binay, Nirmalendu Goon to Shamsur Rahman and then to Jibanananda. The path finally leads to Rabindranath Tagore as one grows up.Besides, you are out of date in the 'adda' if you haven't read 'Shei Shomoy' and 'Purba-Pashchim' before attending university.I first met Sunil in the early Nineties. That day started with a beautiful sunny morning in Dhanmondi, the intellectual, middle-class residential area of Dhaka. Sunil was staying in a picturesque guest house, hosted by the managing editor of 'Weekly Khaborer Kagoj'. I happened to be working for him at the time. I was only 25 or 26 then, and assigned myself to interview Sunil accompanied by a younger poet, Humayun Reza. We were in a room with Taslima Nasrin, a regular columnist of our magazine, sitting around him. Sunil said \u2014 like he would frequently \u2014 that Bangladesh was the future and Dhaka would be the capital of Bangla literature and language.I met Sunilda more than once at a meeting place for writers and artists \u2014 Gazi Shahabuddin's residence. There was plenty of food and drink. Before taking a bite of a pomfret fry, I once said, \"Dada, I haven't read much of your writings.\" \"That's no problem,\" he replied. \"I read most of your poems, and 'Chhobir Deshe Kabitar Deshe', 'Sudur Jhornar Jole', 'Purba Pashchim' and....\" I said. \"Oh! You have read many of my works. Cheers!\" he remarked, and we raised a toast with our glasses.The anecdotes of the drunken Sunil and Shakti roaming the streets of Kolkata in the '60s were mesmerizing. He was a frequent visitor to Bangladesh. About two years ago, he went to Madaripur and Faridpur to visit his ancestral land, where he spent some of his childhood. He was given a cordial Bangladeshi-style reception. His tour captured the attention of the media.In 2010, I made it to Iowa for the International Writers Program, the same one Sunil once attended. I could hardly get through a speech without a reference to Sunil. There, I was constantly reminded of Margarita, the woman in two of Sunil's novels. Her story was tragically captivating \u2014 a Parisian who was kidnapped in Iowa and never heard from again. I imagined myself walking along the bank of the Iowa River, looking for her footsteps.It is no wonder that the passing of Sunil was breaking news in Bangladesh. Every national paper was printing stories, reports, obituaries and editorials. TV channels were racing to broadcast special talk shows, recorded interviews, etc. But in Kolkata, it was a Puja holiday. Even his own newspaper was shut online and TV channels were busy with prescheduled Puja programmes.Bangladesh celebrates not only dates such as the Bengali new year, but remembers the birth and death anniversaries of influential figures such as Rabindranth. Language is emphasized in Bangladeshi values because we had to earn the right to have Bangla as our state language through the shedding of blood. And we achieved Rabindranath at the same cost. We had to fight to speak in Bangla, to sing Tagore's songs, and to celebrate Bengali culture.A writer who writes in Bangla, whether he is in India, Bangladesh, London, or Paris, whether he is Hindu or Muslim, is appreciated the same. We do not differentiate. We never do. We love our poets and we love our writers. Sunil is a household name in Bangladesh, so naturally, Bangladesh is mourning.Our leaders in power and the opposition, who usually do not agree on any single matter, issued statements expressing grief over Sunil's demise. He is revered for writing in support of Bangladesh in1971 during the war of independence. But what is more important is that Sunil was a Bengali writer, who coined the immortal phrase, 'keu kotha rakheni' (no one kept their promises), which originated from a line in one of his best-known poems.Bangladeshis feel a special love for Bengali writers, and Sunilda will remain in the hearts of millions. He will be as alive as a bright star in our 'sunil akash' (blue sky).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986820", "title": "\u2018No toilet, no bride\u2019 old mantra in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Six months ago, when B Loganayaki was seeking a bride for her brother she was baffled by the questions posed. \"Most parents asked if there was a toilet in our house,\" said the panchayat federation leader from Kothambakkam in Tiruvallur. \"Three even insisted on checking.\"Many may feel Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's 'no toilet, no bride' mantra is a fresh idea. But it has been in vogue for sometime in rural Tamil Nadu , partly due to campaigns by NGOs.S Elango, former panchayat president of a village in Tiruvallur said, \"This is particularly true of educated girls in villages. In some cases, the groom's family builds a toilet with no persuasion whatsoever from the bride's family.\"Sheelu, president of a women's collective, said people in towns and peri-urban areas are used to sanitation facilities. \"When they approach a prospective groom from a village, they like to ensure the house has a toilet,\" she said. \"In coastal districts like Nagapattinam, all houses reconstructed after the 2004 tsunami have attached toilets and the habit of open defecation is no longer prevalent. These residents insist on toilets when they look for grooms.\"Karaikal district women fishworkers association president K Vedavalli added, \"A year ago, my niece and her parents came from Nagapattinam to Kilinjalmedu, to meet a prospective groom. But there was no toilet in their house. So my niece's family rejected him and she married another man in Cuddalore whose house had all modern amenities.\" Later, the family of the rejected man built a toilet and resumed the search for a bride. \"Now he too is married,\" added Vedavalli.It's not just educated people who insist on the groom's house having a toilet. S Dhanapadyam, an agricultural labourer in Trichy district, envisaged something similar for her daughter Vanitha. \"When my current son-in-law approached me for my daughter's hand, I said I was unwilling to accept the alliance as he had no toilet in his house,\" she said. \"He didn't protest. He went back to his village in Musiri, built a toilet and returned to ask for her hand again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hubli/dharwad", "code": "16987772", "title": "Spirit of sacrifice marks Eid celebrations", "text": "HUBLI/DHARWAD: Muslims offered prayers and exchanged greetings on the occasion of Bakrid here on Saturday. Thousands of Mulsims gathered at the Idgah maidan here in the morning and offered 'namaz'. Shahare Khatib, Kajim Ali Khateeb presided over the namaz.President of Anjuman-E-Islam Ismail Tamatgar, Kaisar Mehmood Khatib, Khaleel Ahmed Dasanakoppa, Jabbar Nippani, Rafeeeq Ahmed Shirahatti, Shafi Kallimani, Imtiyaz Mulla, Shakeel and D B Navalgundkar among other leaders participated in the mass prayer. Prayers were also held at various mosques in the city. Ismail Tamatgar explained the new projects to be launched by the Anjuman-E-Islam.Police had made security arrangements to ensure peaceful festival celebration.In Hubli Muslims assembled at the Idgah Maidan near KC Circle in the morning and offered prayers.Former ministers A M Hindasgeri, Jabbarkhan Honnalli, Anjuman-e-Islam former president Yusuf Savanur and others participated in the mass prayer.In Belgaum, members of Maratha Light Infantry Regimental Centre celebrated Bakrid. Brigadier Santosh Kurup and Major General Chandra Shekar wished Muslim community members who had come for the Infantry Day celebration.In Bijapur, thousands of Muslims gathered at Dakhani Idgah maidan and offered prayers.Babaleshwar MLA MB Patil also took part in the mass prayers and exhanged greetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16986489", "title": "Wooden structures gutted in fire", "text": "SURAT: At least five residential structures made of wood were gutted in a major fire that broke out at Badekhan Chakala in the walled city on Saturday morning. No casualties were reported.Fire and emergency department sources said the fire broke out in the incense stick manufacturing godown located in the ground-floor of a wooden structure and it spread to the adjoining wooden houses.The residents immediately vacated their houses.Chief fire officer Pankaj Patel said, \"Incense stick is a highly combustible material and it catches fire immediately. To top it all, the intensity of the fire was high due to the wooden structures.\"The water mist fire technology was used to immediately douse the fire that had engulfed four other houses in the area, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16983332", "title": "Top tips to set strong passwords", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the internet, passwords offer the first line of defence and they are necessary to keep your accounts safe. However, most of us while choosing passwords for various accounts on the internet bypass certain basic criteria. Mostly for the convenience of remembering, we tend to keep the same password for all the accounts. In most cases, easy-to-guess passwords are set thereby compromising online security.A password is more of a lock than a key. Hence, it is really important to have strong passwords to your various services online so that you can defend against cyber criminals.Here are some tips to what an ideal password should have:*Always use a unique, alpha-numeric password for all your important accounts.*Keep the password long and make sure it is alpha-numeric which means it should have combination of letters, numerals, symbols and, of course, it should be case sensitive. The minimum length of your password should be at least eight characters. What many people do not know is that you can also include spaces in between the characters.For an eight character long password, after all the possible combinations, there are 6 quadrillion possibilities which is quite hard to guess.*Make sure that your password does not contain your user name, real name or company name and also it is not a complete word. The other way is to reverse the order of the characters. For example, Hell0u2@ can also be written as @2u0lleH which is a strong password. Though it is not necessarily the best option, but still better than keeping words the way they are spelt.*It is always advisable to keep changing your passwords regularly and also making sure that password recovery options are safe and up-to-date in case you forget (which will happen often!).How to see if my password is strong or not The password that you might have set meets all the criteria mentioned previously and still be a weak password.For example, mouse2u@ meets all the criteria for a strong password listed above, but is still weak because it contains a complete word. M0u5E 2u @ is a stronger option because it replaces some of the letters in the complete word with numbers and also includes spaces.You can also check the strength of your password at: microsoft.com/en-gb/security/ pc-security/password-checker.aspxUse a unique password Since most people have accounts on different websites and for numerous services, it is always advisable that you keep a unique password for each. This prevents hackers form stealing your password from a less secure website. However, if you find it difficult to remember different passwords then choose unique passwords for important accounts like your email and online banking.How do I remember my passwords? Remembering multiple passwords for most of us proves to be a difficult task. However, if you follow these tips, remembering passwords can be easy.*Whatever password you plan to set, relate it to an event, date or a hobby that is easy to remember.*Create an acronym for that piece of information which you want to set as your password. For example, pick a phrase that is meaningful to you, like I graduated on 21 June, 2005. So, a probable password option can be i6rad/JU21,zo 05*Shorthand, misspellings, adding spaces in between letters or words give strength to a password. Turn words into shorthand or intentionally misspell a word.* Keep your recovery email address information always updated. Services like Gmail , for instance, also offer the facility to receive password reset codes through SMS. Most of the websites ask you to choose a question to verify your identity if you ever forget your password.*If you have saved you password on your PC, then choose a unique name for the file and keep it hidden.What other precautions should I take to keep my accounts safe Most of the security breach cases happen due to installation of malicious software on PCs. Here is a list of Don'ts that you should follow:*Don't set dictionary words as passwords*Never set your date of birth or your family member's date of birth as password. Avoid using your company's name, phone number, bank account number or any other vital information in your password.*Never ever write your passwords on any paper or any place from where they are easily accessible.*Simple passwords spelled in reverse order, common misspellings and abbreviations or common patterns and combinations.*Don't accept any end-user agreement without reading the fine print first.* Never retain spam emails in your inbox.*When you are visiting any new website, never click ad links or flash ads no matter how appealing or real-looking they are. Also, never enter your email account details on such websites.*Passwords such as 123456, password1, abc123, 123abc, qwerty, iloveyou, iloveu etc. should be strictly avoided. According to a report by SplashData, these passwords are an example of some of the worst kept secrets by people globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16987248", "title": "Covering drains is a worse move: Ashok Bhattacharjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: DDA has been on a drain covering spree, but UTTIPEC says space utilization has been the worst. Instead , developing it aesthetically , treating the sewage and creating cycling and walking paths along the drains would be a much better approach.\"Covering drains opens up some space and covers up an eyesore, but a better utilization would actually happen if the sewage was treated. Once the drain is covered up, the civic agencies are likely to forget about the problem. Also, sewage undergoes natural treatment through sunlight and aeration in an open drain. Once it is covered, the chances of it raising a stink actually go up,\" said UTTIPEC director Ashok Bhattacharjee .UTTIPEC's Non-Motorized Transportation Eco Corridor plan says, \"Concrete slab effectively stops groundwater recharge and the slab cover over the nullah shall aggravate the 'heat island' effect .\" Water has a natural cooling effect on its surroundings : an advantage that will be lost during Delhi's searing summer.The project also says desilting the drains once they are covered would become an expensive and cumbersome task. Such cleaning, it says, will \"require super suction machines\" since cranes etc would no longer be able to access the sewage. \"The sewage shall be deprived of sunlight and oxygen, creating septic conditions, increase the river's pollution load,\" it adds.Officials suggest the sewage should be treated and the channel reused as a parkway. \"Instead of making everything into a concrete jungle, the area could be developed as a green belt and a linking route for NMT users from one public transport point to another ,\" said a source.The Defence Colony drain, on which work is still on, has left residents quite unhappy. \"Since work on covering the drain has started, sewage has started backflowing in our bathrooms. The stench has also increased,\" said AP Singh, a resident.Implications of covering drainsEnvironmentally bad decision as the problem gets 'out of sight out of mind' and situation worsens The concrete slab effectively stops groundwater recharge The slab cover over the nullah shall aggravate the 'heat island' effect The siltation in the drain shall become difficult and more expensive to manage and would require specialized super suction machines The sewage being carried by the drain shall be deprived of sunlight and oxygen, creating septic conditions and effectively increase the pollution load on the river", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16991501", "title": "Husband held for attempt made to kill wife", "text": "MUMBAI: Deonar police late on Friday evening arrested a 35-year-old man 22 hours after he had gone hiding after allegedly giving poison pills to kill his wife. Yatim Shaikh committed the offence suspecting his wife Gausiya (29), a nurse by profession, having an illicit relationship. The victim accepted to take the tablet offered by her husband without suspecting him as she was undergoing treatment and was taking pain killers for her ill-health.The incident occurred around 3pm at Room No 4 in a Chawl at Gautam Nagar in Deonar on Thursday. For the last few days the victim was undergoing treatment for ill health. \"Both the accused and his wife suspected each other both of them having illicit relationship. This created problem in their 15-years-old married life. The matter worsened in the last few days when the victim and the accused frequently had a fight with each other,\" said Deonar police senior Prahlad Panaskar.Shaikh was caught from the locality after he fled away after giving poison to his wife thinking she will die. But failed in his attempt to kill his wife, when she rushed to nearby hospital for check up on feeling giddiness minutes after she took the pills on Thursday. The victim has got three children. The accused was employed as a painter in a garage at Navi Mumbai.In the complaint, Gausiya said, \"Though we had regular fights I did not suspect him when he gave the medicine. He claimed that he has brought the tablet on prescription that the doctors have given to buy for the ill-health. I had taken leave at work ever since I faced the health problem since last week.\"The accused has been booked under IPC section 307 (attempt to murder). He is in custody till November 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990751", "title": "Our egos were blunted by K Balachander", "text": "Kamal Hassan was recently quoted in an interview that Rajinikanth and he have a tough competition and that their mentor K Balachander blunted their egos in their initial days. Rajinikanth and Kamal Hassan acted together in over 15 movies but soon decided to part ways.\"Our egos were blunted by our mentor K Balachander. However, there is great level of competition and we will both not let go off our stand. We decided we'll not do film together without making any noise,\" said Kamal. He added, \"Our remunerations were divided into two. But when we split, the success and the credit went to each deserving person and our prices were doubled. This was a practical decision and it was right.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16986260", "title": "MP demands rerouting nine trains via Kovai Junction", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee chairman and Coimbatore MP, PR Natrajan has submitted a memorandum to the railway board chairman seeking his intervention to reroute nine more trains, which presently skip the city through Irugur-Podanur route.In the memorandum, Natarajan expressed anguish over the stand of Southern Railways of not rerouting these nine 'super fast' trains.Responding to the representations from the committee, Southern Railways had said that any route diversion of the 'super fast' trains would make the 'super fast' concept meaningless. In the letter to railway board chairman, Natarajan pointed out all these trains were being operated as 'super fast' trains through Coimbatore Junction till the Coimbatore-Irugur track was closed down for gauge conversion. Now that the conversion is over, the trains should be re-routed via Coimbatore Junction, he added.According to the committee, the trains to be rerouted via Coimbatore are Yeswantpur-Kannur Express, Chennai-Thiruvananthapuram Express, Chennai-Mangalore Express, Chennai-Mangalore Mail, Trichy-Mangalore Express, Hubli-Kochuveli Express, Chennai-Thiruvananthapuram Mail, Ernakulam-Bangalore Express and Ernakulam-Bangalore Mail.According to railway struggle committee convener, G K Nagaraj, all these trains are very crucial for Coimbatore. \"The committee would intensify its efforts to reroute all the nine trains. The city junction has huge passenger potential and it is the second most profitable station under Southern Railways,\" he added.\"I will take up the issue with board chairman. They can reroute the remaining trains at least in two phases. Coimbatore needs more trains to manage the growing passengers,'' said Natarajan. \"Coimbatore junction is now conferred with Adarsh station status. So it is imperative to reroute all the long route trains through the city. Podanur station is isolated and away from the city. It also lacks basic passenger amenities,'' said Natarajan.The committee is also demanding regularization of the special train between Coimbatore and Rameswaram and additional night trains to Chennai and Bangalore. \"Getting reservation berths from Coimbatore is turning a risky affair because of lack of trains and lesser number of compartments in existing trains,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "reckong peo (kinnaur)", "code": "16985894", "title": "I am son of a farmer: Gadkari", "text": "RECKONG PEO (KINNAUR): In his maiden visit to tribal Kinnaur district of Himachal Pradesh, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , facing allegations of financial impropriety and dubious funding of his companies, tried to strike a chord with crowd in BJP's rally here by projecting himself as the son of a farmer. \"I am the son of a farmer. From where I have come, around 10,000 farmers have committed suicide. The condition of poor people is miserable in our country,\" said Gadkari in his speech.Addressing a public rally in Kinnaur, Gadkari said, \"Even after 65 years of independence, we still discuss about road, water and electricity. We have schools but no teacher. We have hospitals but no doctor. Villages are without road. Right from Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru to Sonia Gandhi and now Rahul Gandhi , everybody gave the slogan of 'Garibi hatao,' but poverty still remains,\" he said.In a bid to make people understand how the situation was better during Vajpayee regime, Gadkari asked people to recall what was the price of gold during Vajpayee's rule and the rate of dollar during NDA rule. \"Recall what the foreign exchange reserves were and tell me what is the situation now,\" he said.He said in UPA regime, a person earning Rs 33 per day in city and Rs 28 per day in rural area is not poor. \"You tell me, can people survive with this much income,\" he asked.While the condition of roads are bad in Kinnaur district and journey between Shimla to Kinnaur is nothing less than nightmare, Gadkari said he has made a presentation to chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal about starting electric transport system through ropeways, to travel from one village to another. \"I have seen such system in Switzerland,\" he said.\"Our country is rich, but its people are poor,\" he added. People in Himachal Pradesh can benefit with the use of information technology. They can use it to boost tourism in their area and earn more revenue, he added.Referring to a comment by BJP candidate Tejwant Negi, he said one should not be afraid of false allegations. \"Hamara daaman saaf hai,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985601", "title": "Class IX student held for vehicle theft", "text": "NAGPUR: Wadi police on Friday rounded up a 15-year-old boy for allegedly stealing a scooter. The scooter was stolen on October 17 from a residence near Lokmanya Tilak school but was recovered from near the Hanuman Mandir at Wadi where the teenager had abandoned it.has beePolice had rounded up the IX standard student before recovering the stolen scooter which he has been allegedly involved in stealing on October 17 earlier this month for which an offense was registered too.Working on an input that few school students were involved in stealing two-wheelers, Wadi police had rounded up the teenager. Sources in the police department claimed that he had confessed of stealing around five scooters but later changed his statement.Wadi police source said that the teenager had stolen the recovered scooter from a residence near Lokmanya Tilak school around a week ago. He brought the two-wheeler near the Hanuman Mandir at Wadi and left it there. Police said that it is not clear before them what was the motive of the teenager, learnt to be addicted to gambling, behind stealing the scooter.Senior inspector MM Bodke of Wadi police station said that the shocking addictions of the teenager likely to have driven him to indulge in wrong-doings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16987379", "title": "CPM omits Achuthanandan' s role in Communist uprising", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Former Kerala chief minister V S Achuthanandan's followers are furious after an article in the CPM mouthpiece , Desabhimani, did not mention his role in the historic Communist uprising in Punnapra-Vayalar in Kerala.The article, published on Saturday when Kerala observed the 66th anniversary of Vayalar firing, acknowledged almost all leaders who led the struggle, except VS.A few weeks ago, CPM leader M M Lawrence had alleged VS was not part of the uprising, triggering an emotional outburst. VS brought personal allegations against Lawrence. Earlier, the CPM had spoken of VS's role in the uprising, especially during campaigns in Alappuzha.The Desabhimani article is written by C B Chandrababu, the party's Alappuzha district committee secretary. It's a recorded fact that VS played a major role in the Punnapra-Vayalar struggle where hundreds of Communist workers were killed in October 1946.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992172", "title": "Lil Wayne thanks fans for prayers after in-flight medical scare", "text": "Lil Wayne has taken to Twitter to assure his fans that he is doing well after his health scare earlier this week.The 30-year-old rapper, who's private jet was forced to stop to make an emergency landing in Texas when he suffered \"seizure-like symptoms\" on Thursday, also thanked his fans for their support and love.The 'No Worries' hitmaker is now said to be released from the hospital, and is resting at home.\"Thanx for all the prayers! I am good (sic)\" Contactmusic quoted Wayne as tweeting.While Wyne- whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter , Jr- is said to be hospitalized for suffering a seizure, his representative denied the reports and said he was only treated for a severe migraine and dehydration.\"He is at home on doctor mandated rest and will return to work soon. He appreciates all of his fans for their support and love,\" Contactmusic quoted Wayne's re as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16988883", "title": "I hated my breasts as a teen, says Kate Moss", "text": "Kate Moss, who is an icon of the fashion world and has been a queen of the catwalk for 20 years, was once as self-conscious about her body as most other women , it has been revealed.The 38-year-old model was just a teenager when she began her life as a model and, referring to an early portfolio picture of herself, she says: \"I hated it! Because I was topless again.\"\"I hated my boobs more than anything as a teenager. I'd do anything not to take my top off,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"I see nudity as empowering now. Before, I didn't. I cried for years!\" she said.The exceptionally rare interview forms part of a new book called 'Kate: The Kate Moss Book' which looks back on her life and work.When she started modelling, Moss lived in Croydon and would shock her mum by going out at midnight in a mini-skirt, T-shirt and Vivienne Westwood \"prostitute shoes\" to party with friends in London from the age of 15.In clubs she remembers rubbing shoulders with the likes of Boy George , Kylie Minogue and John Galliano .Then as an aspiring model at 16, 5ft 6in Kate appeared on the cover of hip magazine The Face with a photoshoot titled The 3rd Summer of Love.Her work increased, she landed a Calvin Klein deal and was soon doing up to eight catwalk shows a day.After amassing a reported 48-million-pound fortune, she now looks at her skin and body differently.\"Well, I am never going to be 18 again, when I could do shoots with no make-up, but it's not as though I don't want to have wrinkles, because I think it's important to have your own face that you live in,\" she said.\"There are always new ways of looking through new eyes. I still don't feel I'm done - I'm not finished yet,\" she said.She also touched on the topic of allegations about her private life and diet that could have damaged or upset her.In 1993 she was at the forefront of a new look dubbed \"heroin chic\" that was criticised by US President Bill Clinton and led to claims she was anorexic.\"If I was anorexic or if I was on heroin, maybe I would have been a bit more 'oh dear!'\" she said.\"But I wasn't any of those things that they were painting me to be.\"It didn't have anything to do with who I was at all, so I never really thought about it. I just thought, the people who know me know the truth.\"I was lucky to be with Johnny at that stage. He taught me a lot about fame. He told me 'never complain, never explain'.\"That's why I don't use Twitter and things like that. I don't want people to know what is true all the time and that's what keeps the mystery,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16985681", "title": "Don't refer to Master Plan 2015: Court", "text": "BANGALORE: In an interesting case, the Karnataka high court has directed the state government and Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) to process applications filed by a city-based real estate developer P Dayananda Pai and Manipal Academy of Higher Education for grant of sanction plan without reference to Master Plan 2015.Justice Anand Byrareddy observed that their applications for proposed development in 23 acres and 7 gunta of land in Amanikere, Yelahanka, should be treated as 'non-conforming use', as contemplated in Master Plan 2015.\"The state may not, however, be precluded from acquiring the property in question to preserve the same as a valley zone, in the larger public interest. But, petitioners cannot be deprived of their right to utilize the property as intended,\" the judge observed and also quashed the endorsement issued by BDA in May, 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "reckong peo (kinnaur)", "code": "16985912", "title": "Confusion thins attendance at Gadkari rally", "text": "RECKONG PEO (KINNAUR): Since morning, people from different parts of tribal Kinnaur district in Himachal Pradesh were apparently preparing to attend the BJP rally at district headquarters, which was to be addressed by party's national president Nitin Gadkari . This made many apprehensive about Gadkari's arrival on Saturday, following developments related to the ongoing controversy surrounding him.This confusion resulted in a small crowd making it to the venue, leaving BJP candidate from Kinnaur, Tejwant Negi, fuming.'Since Friday evening, I am trying to inform people that our national president's tour has not been cancelled. Everything was settled and people were coming, but again a news channel ran a news about the tour of Gadkariji being cancelled. This seems to be some conspiracy of Congress,\" Tejwant said.He said that due to confusion, the crowd was less than expected.BJP had planned Gadkari's rally in Kinnaur, which was scheduled to start at 12 pm. But till the arrival of Gadkari, around 450 chairs at Ramleela ground remained mostly unoccupied. The crowd started pouring in only after Gadkari, accompanied by national general secretary, occupied their seats on the stage.Anup Kumari, a reisdent of Chagaon village, said that the gathering would have been more had there been no confusion. \"Another reason is that people were busy with marriage functions and apple crop,\" she said.Surinder Singh, president of Tapri Beopar Mandal, claimed that rumours regarding cancellation of Gadkari's visit stopped majority of supporters from attending the rally.\"Allegations related to corruption are part and parcel of electoral politics. Only judiciary could decide whether these allegations hold ground,\" he said.Realising the confusion in the minds of supporters, it was announced at around 11.41 am that Gadkari's chopper has started from Shimla and that he would arrive at Reckong Peo in a short while. Seeing empty chairs lying at the venue, the announcer repeatedly requested the supporters to occupy the chairs.With BJP having a rebel in the shape of Chet Ram Negi, former MLA, contesting on Himachal Lokhit Party ticket this time, the party is facing a challenge in retaining the seat in this tribal area, which shares it boundary with China. Realising that the battle is tough, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal is planning to address a public rally in Sangla valley on Sunday, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986361", "title": "Now, pro-mining folk threaten violence", "text": "PANAJI: In an attempt to mount further pressure on the government, the mining-dependent people have threatened that there will be a law and order situation in the state if mining is not resumed soon.Addressing mediapersons in Panaji on Saturday, Mahesh Angle, who claimed he has been affected by the mining ban, said if the situation is not resolved \"there will definitely be law and order problems in the state\". He said this may also affect tourism.The 'all Goa mining dependent people' have called off the morcha scheduled for October 30 after receiving assurances that they will get an opportunity to place their grievances before the Central Empowered Committee (CEC).Kunal Phaldesai said the mining-affected people \"have got assurances that they will get an appointment with the CEC on October 29\".Vinayak Gauns said a group of people had met chief minister Manohar Parrikar and explained how they have been affected. The chief minister had assured them that they will be given an opportunity to meet with the CEC members after they arrive in the state, he added.Criticizing environmentalists and NGOs for the prevailing ban on mining, Gauns said, \"If (anti-mining activist) Ramesh Gauns loves the environment so much he should ask his sons to leave their government jobs and let people from the mining areas get the jobs.\" His sons can do environmental activities like watering plants, he added.Prasad Phaldesai, a truck owner, said \"We're not against any government or court. We want our grievances to reach the Supreme Court.\"He said the mine owners should be made to compensate the truck owners as \"for so long we have helped them make money\". \"During this time (when mining has been stopped), they should compensate us,\" Phaldesai said.Gurudas Madkar, a truck owner, said the state and central governments were responsible for allowing illegal mining to carry on for so long and that the truckers could not be blamed for this as they were only transporting the ore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16992206", "title": "Tulisa 'dating' 'Shameless' star Jody Latham", "text": "Tulisa Contostavlos has reportedly fallen for 'Shameless' star Jody Latham after playing his love interest in her music video, it has been revealed.The 30-year-old actor has spent the last four nights at Contostavlos' house and went to the 'X Factor' wannabe Rylan Clark's birthday bash with her this week.\"Tulisa has told a few guys on the show that she's dating Jody,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"Things have moved really fast between them. They've hit it off big time - they have a real connection.\"They both had a tough time growing up in rough parts of the country. Jody's the life and soul of a party and Tulisa loves a night out - they are a perfect match. They've been inseparable this week,\" the source said.Dad-of-one Latham met the 24-year-old singer through mutual friends at the V Festival in Essex in August and the couple exchanged numbers.Contostavlos - who is on a break from hip hop group N-Dubz - then got in touch with him and asked him to star in the video for her song 'Sight Of You.'Filming took place earlier this month with scenes showing the couple kissing passionately in bed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16991970", "title": "Manish Tewari becomes minister after 31-year association with Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though a first time MP, AICC spokesperson Manish Tewari has a long association of nearly 31 years with Congress since joining its youth wing in 1981.The 47-year-old leader was seen as a strong defence line of the Congress in JPC on 2G to counter BJP onslaught.Tewari, who was the president of Indian Youth Congress from 1998 to 2000, lost the 2004 Lok Sabha polls but successfully contested the 2009 general elections from Ludhiana by defeating Shiromani Akali Dal's candidate Gurcharan Singh Galib by a margin of over one lakh votes.During his pre-university days, he joined youth wing of Congress and rose to become its All India Youth President before becoming the Secretary of AICC and was appointed as its Spokesperson in 2008.Tewari comes from an eminent Punjabi family. His father V N Tewari, a professor of Punjab University, was part of the freedom movement and was killed by terrorists in 1984, few months before Operation Blue Star.Tewari's grandfather Sardar Tirath Singh too was an advocate and Minister in the Congress government in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985833", "title": "Anything to get back a lost dog", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shibhu Joseph moved to Delhi with his family in August this year after six years in the US, but the joy of returning soon gave way to despair \u2014 they lost a family member, Deion, within a week. Their four-year-old golden retriever wandered outside their home in Vasant Vihar, and never returned.\"We brought him back from Wilton in Connecticut, where he lived with us for about five years. The door was open and the guard wasn't there, so he just slipped out,\" says Joseph, who has put up posters, posted on internet forums, contacted welfare organizations, and offered a reward of Rs 1 lakh if he's reunited with Deion - an amount much higher than the current price of Rs 30,000 to Rs 40,000 for the breed. He has no leads yet, but the reward bears testimony to a growing willingness among dog owners to spare no effort in search for their beloved pets.Similarly when Hina Gulati lost her eight-year-old female Labrador, Pepper, in April last year, she did what is expected \u2014 posters, online posts and a reward of Rs 20,000 \u2014 except that she took it a step further. \"We left the entrance unlocked for nearly a month, in case Pepper showed up. I walked for several kilometres trying to locate her and even approached the dog mafia,\" says Gulati. When that didn't help, she consulted an animal psychic as a last-ditch effort.\"With less interaction among neighbours and community members, people have started turning to pets for company. Such is the bond that many of them will go to any extent to reclaim them,\" says Rishi Dev, founder, Citizens for Animal Rights. He adds that most dog owners are willing to offer up to Rs 20,000 as reward not just for pets but also for street dogs they may have adopted. \"I recently got a call from a woman who is willing to offer any amount in return for her missing stray,\" he says.What's more, lost pets figure prominently in online discussions and social media, with entire websites, forums, and web pages dedicated to lost-and-found animals. \"We encourage people to advertise extensively if their pet is lost lest they fall into the hands of dog breeders, who can take them outside Delhi. Sterilization of dogs is another safeguard against theft,\" says Geeta Sheshmani of Friendicoes.Many refrain from mentioning the reward upfront for good reason. \"I went to meet a man who said he had my dog, but he asked me to pay the money first. When I asked him to let me see my dog before, he went away and didn't return,\" says Gulati. \"Quite often, people land up with different dogs, sometimes even their own pets, in the hope of a reward,\" adds Kanishka Sharma, member, Animal Welfare Board of India.Though dogs are intelligent animals and can sniff their way back home, there are plenty of instances of their straying outside and never returning. \"Dogs tend to wander off when they get attracted to something, but as they are not smart at crossing roads and are scared of street dogs, they might find it difficult to return,\" says Sheshmani.Prevention, it seems then, is the best bet. \"We need to encourage responsible pet ownership,\" says Sharma. \"People cannot rely solely on their household help to take care of their pets, as they are often involved in cases of missing dogs. Pedigreed dogs, in particular, are very expensive, and they know they can make a lot of money by selling them to breeders,\" says Sheshmani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985496", "title": "Bus mows down man, wife on Tank Bund", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old woman and her husband died while two of their relatives suffered severe injuries when they came in front of an RTC bus on Tank Bund on Saturday night.The mishap occurred right in front of Lepakshi on Tank Bund as the group of four persons, including a girl, were trying to cross the road. An RTC bus which was coming from Nizamabad mowed them down.\"Having sustained critical injuries, the woman, who has been identified as Mala, and her husband, Parvesh, died on the spot.\"The other two members of the group, a man and a girl, too, suffered severe injuries. They have been shifted to Gandhi Hospital. We have not been able to elicit any information about their antecedents from the victims as none of them was in a condition to speak,\" Gandhi Nagar sub-inspector S Devendar said.The bus driver fled after the accident.A case was booked against him under sections 304-A (causing death by rash or negligent act) and 337 (causing hurt by an act which endangers human life) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16985230", "title": "Rs 3600 cr worth JNNURM-II projects planned for Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) has proposed various projects worth Rs 3,600 crore to develop the city under JNNURM-II. The corporation made the proposals following the recent instructions from the government suggesting the utilization of Centre's funds for development of the city and send the Detailed Project Reports (DPRs) to the ministry concerned in the state for approval.While disclosing the details of the development to the media here on Saturday, GVMC commissioner M V Satyanarayana said that they had already sent a file on the projects to be undertaken under the JNNURM-II which include construction of underground drainage between Gajuwaka and Malkapuram at an estimated cost of Rs 500 crore, another Rs 500 crore for developing 32 territorial areas of the city, modernisation of the existing canals at a cost of Rs 300 crore, construction of 10,000 houses for poor at Rs 500 crore and laying pipelines for Raiwada and Yeleru reservoirs at a cost of Rs 1,450 crore. The DPRs have already been sent, the civic chief said while adding that a World Bank team is coming to city to review the progress of the housing projects under RAY and JNNURM-I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16985429", "title": "Rs 1L jewellery stolen in temple burglary", "text": "Burglars gained entry into a temple at Golnaka in Kacheguda, Hyderabad and escaped with Rs 1 lakh worth jewellery on Friday night. The burglars entered Nallapochamma temple at Church Bazar in Golnaka by breaking the lock of the main door. The incident came to light on Saturday morning when temple priest arrived there to perform the morning puja. \"According to a complaint lodged by temple committee, six grams of gold and silver ornaments weighing about one kg were stolen from the temple,\" Kacheguda inspector ( Detective) K Vijay Srinivas said.Police booked a burglary case under section 457/380 of the IPC and fingerprints were collected from the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "16986803", "title": "Temple jumbo kills teacher", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: A visit to the temple proved fatal for a school teacher in Thiruvidaimarudhur, near Kumbakonam, on Saturday. The 55-year-old man was killed by an elephant at the Sri Mahalingaswamy temple. The jumbo crushed him with its trunk when he was worshiping it.Sekar, a teacher in Ambalavana Desigar Middle School run by Thiruvavaduthurai Adheenam, came to the temple at 11am. When he entered the premises mahout Vijyakumar was leading elephant Gomathi to her shed outside. On seeing the elephant, Sekar, who wished to worship it, went closer and bowed. The elephant suddenly turned aggressive and grabbed him with its trunk. Panic-stricken devotees nearby could do little as the elephant threw Sekar between its front legs, crushed him with its trunk and threw him against a wall.Sekar sustained severe injuries. He was rushed to the Kumbakonam government hospital, where he was declared dead. Sekar is survived by his wife Geetha and two daughters. The temple is managed by the Thiruvaduthurai Adheenam. Several attempts to contact temple administration were in vain. The Thiruvavaduthurai police said they registered a case of accidental death.According to sources, the elephant is 55 years old and has been serving the temple for many years. It was also said that the elephant had earlier attacked a few men, who were drunk.Later in the evening, a veterinary doctor examined the elephant and certified that it was physically fit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16986170", "title": "Narendra Modi's potential visa request to be handled as per US laws", "text": "WASHINGTON: Against the backdrop of Britain warming up to Narendra Modi after boycotting him for 10 years, the US has said it would handle the Gujarat chief minister's potential visa application as per its immigration laws.At the same time, US deputy secretary of state William Burns said that the US supports the business interests of American companies in Gujarat.\"The question has often arisen about Mr Modi's potential application for visas, for example, to come to the United States . And the truth, is I can't comment on individual visa applications. Those get handled according to US immigration laws existing at the time of application,\" Burns said on Friday.He was responding to questions whether there has been a change in the US stance on the Gujarat chief minister, to whom it has been denying visa, in view of the shift in policy of the British government towards Modi.John Sifton, the Asia advocacy director at Human Rights Watch , asked Burns, \"Is it still US policy, and will it remain US policy for the time being, to maintain its cold-shoulder policy with respect to Mr Modi?\"Burns replied: \"With regard to Gujarat in general, you know, obviously, to, you know, come back to and the question regarding business activity, a lot of American businesses have interests there. We continue to support that. Obviously, there are many Indian-Americans who come from Gujarat too. So there's a strong connection. But I don't have anything new to suggest with regard to personalities.\"On October 11, Britain, ending a 10-year boycott of Modi imposed after the 2002 Godhra riots, had announced that it had decided to resume engagement with Gujarat. Britain's envoy to India James Bevan also met Modi recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986870", "title": "Rush of patients in understaffed railway hospital at Danapur", "text": "PATNA: Catering to about 14,000 railway employees as well as 6,000 pensioners of Danapur division alone, the Danapur railway hospital is understaffed with no regular chief medical superintendent (CMS). Sometimes, there is also short supply of medicines to the hospital, causing hardships to the patients as well as the doctors attending on them.The hospital has the strength of 16 doctors of which the posts of the CMS and two other doctors are lying vacant.According to the hospital's acting CMS, Dr A K Singh, earlier the hospital had 202 beds. But it was reduced to 160 beds in 2011 after the railway super speciality hospital, Patna , became operational. \"There is a daily rush of patients. While the bed occupancy rate is about 60 to 70% now, about 500 to 600 patients turn up daily at the outpatient department (OPD) for treatment,\" Dr Singh said.Dr Singh said all kinds of surgery are performed in the hospital. Two doctors visit the hospital on contract basis to assist the railway surgeon in emergency. The hospital has only one ambulance and it urgently needs one more. The pathology department, which does routine tests only, also needs sophisticated equipment. About 7,000 pathological tests are done every month, he said.Dr Singh said the hospital faces problems when the medicines are not supplied on time. \"The hospital was being supplied medicines worth Rs 95 lakh from the office of the chief medical director (CMD), ECR, till 2011 when the supply was reduced to medicines worth Rs 45 lakh. However, the ECR headquarters has now increased the supply of medicines to worth Rs 86 lakh per year,\" he said adding the hospital could purchase medicines worth Rs 12 lakh per year from open market in case of emergency.According to a senior divisional medical officer of the hospital, it gets bulk medicines supply from the ECR's CMD office annually. But the hospital gets only about 40% of medicines at the start of a financial year and the rest is supplied towards the end of the financial year. The delay in medicines supply from the CMD office often forces the hospital authority to purchase medicines from open market, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "aligarh", "code": "16992545", "title": "One killed, 2 injured in suspected gang-war in Aligarh", "text": "ALIGARH: One person was killed and two others were injured in a suspected gang-war shooting in Rajiv Nagar colony of the district, police said on Sunday.The incident took place last night in which one Kapil was killed on the spot, they said adding that five bullet marks were found on his body which was recovered this morning.Two others, Sumit and Anil were also injured in the incident.While Sumit, who is suspected to be leader of one faction, managed to escape, Anil has been admitted at the Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College where his condition is stated to be stable, they said.FIRs have been filed by both factions in which 13 persons have been named.Raids are being conducted in different parts of the district to trace the accused but no arrest has been made so far, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16991518", "title": "Now students need not go to Mumbai for registration with Pharmacy Council", "text": "NAGPUR: Fresh pharma graduates, both diploma or degree holders, who are yet to register themselves with the Maharashtra State Pharmacy Council (MSPC), now need not go to Mumbai for registration as members.The Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association (MSCDA) is organising registration camps at various places in Vidarbha through camps. The graduates would be required to bring -- a 0.3X0.5 photograph, photo identification proof, ration card or domicile certificates, date of birth certificate, school leaving certificate, mark sheets of the I and II years in case of D.Pharm and all for years in case of B.Pharm graduates, at the camp.Harish Ganeshani, a council member from city told TOI that council members will be present at the camps to check validity. \"The registration will be given on the spot to the candidates with valid documents,\" he said.The council has now made it mandatory for every pharmacist to renew registration every 10 years instead of the earlier provision whereby they could obtain a lifelong registration certificate.The schedule of camps is - Gondia (October 30), Nagpur (October 31 and November 1), Chandrapur (November 2), Amravati (October 4) and Akola (November 5).More details can be obtained from Harish Ganeshani on 9822574108, Ravi Goyal on 9822728187 and Girish Bhattad on 9890187042. Details of documents needed for registration are also available on the website www.mspcindia.org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985631", "title": "Quack held from south Delhi clinic", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was arrested for posing as an MBBS doctor and duping people at his south Delhi clinic. 53-year-old Suresh Verma is not a qualified doctor and holds a diploma in Ayurveda only.A resident of Munirka, he would cheat patients by prescribing allopathic medicines to them. Verma had decided to become a doctor after his mother passed away due to tuberculosis when he was very young.\"In view of advisory/guidelines issued by Delhi Medical Council, Maulana Azad Medical College, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, to curb the activities of quacks in different parts of the capital who don't have any authorized medical degree, all police personnel were briefed about keeping an eye on such people,\" said DCP south Chhaya Sharma.A raid was conducted at Verma's clinic and he was arrested. \"Verma was asked to produce his certificate of medical practice/degree but he could not produce any document,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986152", "title": "Hospital services market to reach $18 billion by 2020", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) organized \"Health &amp; Hospital Conclave 2012\" here on Saturday where experts said that being of the largest employment generating segments in India, the healthcare sector deserves an industry status.However, unfortunately, the units in this sector are still considered as just commercial establishments.Experts said that India needs to increase its existing capacity for healthcare by about 200% in order to meet the demand for medical treatment. However, availability of trained manpower is a major issue, which needs to be addressed.The two day event has been organized on the theme of 'Opportunities &amp; Challenges for Healthcare Sector\". An exhibition on medical equipments and hospital infrastructure - \"Hospital Tech 2012\" has also been organized concurrently with the event.Dr Rajiv Modi, vice chairman, CII Gujarat State Council said, \"Healthcare sector in India is poised to acquire the status similar to country's pharmaceutical industry , which meets 20% of the world's total demand for medicine.\"The size of market for hospital services in India is expected to reach US $ 18 billion by 2020 and medical tourism will play an important role in growth of the sector in the days to come.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16987476", "title": "UP govt gives nod for IAC rally in Farrukhabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh (UP) government on Saturday afternoon gave permission to Arvind Kejriwal-led India against corruption (IAC) to hold a rally on November 1 in Farrukhabad district.The rally is being held to protest against the alleged anomalies in distribution of contraptions and aid to the disabled people by the Zakir Husain Trust headed by Union law minister Salman Khurshid , who is also a member of the Lok Sabha from Farrukhabad.The IAC leaders also accused Akhilesh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party (SP) government of trying to defend Khurshid and scuttle their agitation. As the news flashed in the media, the ruling SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary issued statement that the UP government is not against protest if held in a peaceful and democratic manner.Thereafter , the IAC members got a call from the officers of the Farrukhabad administration that the cancellation order has been revoked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985701", "title": "HC relief for Delhi's water bodies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A recent Delhi high court order has spelt major relief for hundreds of water bodies in the capital that are being fed with untreated sewage. The court has directed Delhi Jal Board and Delhi Pollution Control Committee to ensure that unless sewage is treated to levels prescribed by the Central Pollution Control Board, it cannot be discharged into lakes, ponds or other water bodies.Even as several lakes are fed by treated or untreated sewage \u2014 including Hauz Khas lake, Bhalswa lake and Sanjay jheel \u2014 DJB officials claimed that \"to avoid pollution of ground water and harm to plants, animals and aqua life, it is not advisable to recharge ground water or water bodies with treated sewage because of the standards maintained of (at) the sewage treatment plants (STPs)\".\"Biochemical Oxygen Demand or BoD levels in treated sewage should not be more than 30mg/lt. This is the level maintained at all STPs and most of them are treating this level too. However, against a demand of 680 million gallons per day, Delhi has sewage treatment capacity of 513.4 million gallons per day. It is treating even less as all sewage does not reach the STPs. A lot of this feeds small lakes and ponds. DJB's logic is that in flowing water systems like rivers, natural processes lead to an improvement of water quality. These systems are missing in still water systems,\" said a source.The order, issued by Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, has directed DPCC to monitor from time to time all STPs to ensure their proper functioning, and that any deficiency should be reported to DJB immediately.DJB has also been directed to act immediately if DPCC complains about the working of any STP.Both DPCC and DJB have been asked to ensure that treated sewage from STPs \"is not discharged into water bodies like lakes, ponds etc, unless the same is compliant with prescribed standards\".The water quality in Hauz Khas has recently shown an improvement after DDA put up a check dam in Sanjay Van at the point where untreated sewage was getting mixed with Vasant Kunj's treated effluent and was entering the lake. However, the measure is only temporary and the lake could be at risk if the procedure is discontinued.Bhalswa and Sanjay lakes are other examples of water bodies where untreated sewage finds its way into. While some may dry up if untreated sewage is stopped from flowing into them, sources say that sewage needs to be treated and not stopped from entering water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16988992", "title": "Kourtney Kardashian faces proposal as beau goes ring shopping", "text": "Kourtney Kardashian's partner Scott Disick was seen shopping for engagement rings in Fort Lauderdale , Florida on Thursday.Disick, who has been living in South Florida with the 33-year-old actress and their kids while filming 'Kourtney and Kim Take Miami,' brought a male friend with him to look at massive engagement bands at Levinson Jewelers in downtown Fort Lauderdale.\"Scott was most definitely shopping for engagement rings,\" Radar Online quoted an onlooker as saying.\"Scott and his friend looked at a whole selection of amazing rings, all diamond, all different cuts, sizes, settings - he certainly is taking his time and wants to make the right purchase,\" the onlooker added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16987186", "title": "Defence counsel says no bribe demand was made", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday submitted voice transcripts of the alleged conversation between graft-accused SP (city) Desh Raj and complainant Anokh Singh to the defence counsel.IPS officer Desh Raj was arrested last week after being caught red-handed while accepting Rs 1 lakh bribe from Anokh Singh.The investigation bureau is projecting these voice scripts as the main evidence against the tainted cop. On October 21, the defence had demanded a copy of these scripts and the CBI special court had directed the prosecution to give the same after consulting the investigation officers of the case.However, the defence said this evidence held no water and there was nothing against the accused in the scripts.\"We have studied the voice transcripts minutely and there is nothing objectionable in it. There is no demand for money or any kind of bribe. We will oppose the CBI stand and submit a bail application during the next hearing.This is probably the first time that the prosecution has submitted the voice script (between accused and complainant) in any case to the defence before the filing of challan,\" said Vishal Garg Narwana, the defence counsel. The next date of hearing in the case is slated for November 3.Desh Raj had allegedly demanded Rs 5 lakh bribe from Anokh Singh, the SHO of Sector 26, for giving a favourable report in five departmental inquiries. He was arrested and sent to judicial custody on Sunday. Currently, he is lodged at Burail Modern Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985962", "title": "Fake cop tries to rob senior citizen, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 45-year-old Ulhasnagar resident, Satish Mangatmal Bhalpuri, has been arrested for allegedly impersonating a policeman and trying to rob a senior citizen.The incident occurred around 3pm on Friday, when the vicitm, Giridhar Palekar (65), a Thane resident, had gone to Worli for some work and was returning home. Palekar said, \"I was on my way to Elphinstone Road railway station when a person caught me by my collar and asked me to accompany him to the police station.\"Before Palekar could react, the accused forced him to sit in a taxi to go to the NM Joshi Marg police station. \"The accused then asked me to remove my two gold rings and keep it in a handkerchief. He said his senior will get annoyed if he sees me wearing gold,\" Palekar told the police.But Bhalpuri's trick failed when Palekar checked the handkerchief in which the accused made him to keep the rings. \"Palekar snatched the rings from Bhalpuri and started screaming. Locals and a cab driver chased Bhalpuri and caught him,\" said N M Joshi Marg police senior inspector Sudhakar Ghagare. Inspector Kishore Jadhav said the accused is a history-sheeter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16985716", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi Proudhyogiki Vishwavidyala hockey team announced", "text": "The hockey team of Rajiv Gandhi Proudhyogiki Vishwavidyala (RGPV) has been announced. The team will participate in the west zone inter-university hockey tournament in Jaipur. RGPV dean, students welfare, Dr Anil Goyal, announced the team. The team, selected on the basis of performance at the state-level tournament, concluded recently.Team members include Pervez Khan, vaibhav Garhwal, Vikram Marskole, Rahul Patidar, Rahul Parmar, Banarsidas Gupta, Shahbaz Khan, Mohit Rawat, Akshay Pawar, Rishi Tenguriya, Rupesh Nema, Utkarsh Sharma, Nitin Usrate, Rahul Yadav and Amit Verman. Balwant Salunke will be the manager of the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16987722", "title": "Police arrested Jaspal from Bareli", "text": "INDORE: Following the clue, police arrested Jaspal from Bareli and Vikki from Rudrapur and they spilled the beans on robbery cases. Earlier, a gang of robbers had looted Rs 58,60,000 from Bank of Maharashtra (Kanaria Road branch) on December 12, 2008. Another robbery of Rs 15,28,000 from Oriental Bank of Commerce (Sapna-Sangeeta branch) was reported on January 4 in 2010 and the third one of Rs 5,31,000 from Bank of Baroda (Goyal Nagar branch) in September 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989782", "title": "Personal touch to Diwali gift", "text": "Beginning with Navratras, October brings with it festivities that stretch till bhaiya- dooj. However, Diwali is the most important of them all and is celebrated on a much larger scale. Needless to say, exchanging gifts is an integral part of celebrating Diwali .These days there is a wide range of pre-packed gifts to choose from for Diwali gifts. From cases of juices to chocolates, everything edible has found its way in these gift packs adorning almost every shop in the market. Yet, since these packs available off the market shelves are not personalised, they are just like the millions of other gift packs floating around.However, just like on Rakhi Cake Square had come up with the unique idea of making an edible rakhi, once again the bakery has devised a special way to greet Diwali. Now, instead of giving your loved ones the cliched packs containing some imported juices, chocolates etc, you can give them a personalised gift containing your favourite cookies, freshly made chocolates or a specially made Diwali cake - things that Cake Square has always been famous for.From anar- shaped chocolates to chocolate- bombs, everything is available at Cake Square. Enliven your Diwali parties with specially made to order Diwali theme cakes. Not only is it a healthier option as compared to the traditional sweets but it also avoids the unnecessary repetition and wastage of sweets at home. Besides, this it is also a great option for official and corporate gifting. So, this time when you go shopping for Diwali gifts, hop into Cake Square and make a difference to your gift...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16992663", "title": "Malala Yousufzai in stable condition: Doctors", "text": "LONDON: Malala Yousufzai, the teen-aged Pakistani activist shot in the head by the Taliban for advocating girls' education, remains in a stable condition, two weeks after she was admitted to a hospital in Britain, doctors said on Sunday.In a statement, the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham said, \"The medical team caring for Malala Yousufzai say they are pleased with her progress, almost two weeks after she arrived at the hospital. Malala is being looked after by staff from the Queen Elizabeth and Birmingham Children's hospitals and remains in a stable condition.\"The 15-year-old's mother, father and two brothers are in the city of Birmingham in central England.Ziauddin Yousufzai, father of the school girl, has said she was \"improving with encouraging speed\".Malala had campaigned for the rights of girls to have an education and had written a diary for the BBC Urdu service when the Pakistan Taliban controlled Swat in 2009.Yousufzai has said his daughter will return to Pakistan once she has recovered and that she was determined to continue her schooling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16987357", "title": "Traders plan mobile CCTVs for patrol parties", "text": "LUDHIANA: After provision of huts for PCR cops patrolling in the night, industrialists in the Focal Point area have now decided to install mobile CCTVs for better surveillance, which they feel would help boost safety and security.\"We have already set up three PCR huts in phases VIII and IV. Now, cameras would be installed on patrolling vehicles. The equipment would cost us around Rs 2.5 lakh,\" said Rajneesh Ahuja, chairman of the Phase VIII Focal Point industrial association.He said the cameras would work 24x7 and would help in prevention of petty crimes. \"We are ready for more projects in cooperation with the municipal corporation and Punjab State Industrial Corporation (PSIC),\" Ahuja said.Elaborating on the details, he said they have approached MC and PSIC for removal of all kiosks and encroachments like slums. Owner of Yashka Industries Yash Bajaj said, \"If police can be friendly with the public, we should also help them in whatever way we can.\"Additional deputy commissioner of police Bhupinder Singh Sidhu said, \"The support from the industries is very encouraging. We are looking forward to a long term cooperation and would work together to make the city crime free. Residents should also come forward and help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16985338", "title": "Netas' loan waiver promise hits ryots", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In what could be a jolt to the beleaguered farmers, managements of various banks, including nationalised ones, are believed to have issued unwritten instructions to field officers to 'go slow' on granting crop loans in the coming season. The banks issued the 'caution order' orally to the respective zonal heads and asked them to communicate it to the field officers.According to sources, the banks were perturbed over the promises being made by TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu and YSR CP leader Sharmila during their padayatras which the bankers say were untenable. Both the opposition leaders are promising to waive off crop loans if they are elected to power. While Naidu assured to waive off loans to the tune of Rs 1 lakh each, Sharmila promised that her brother Jaganmohan Reddy would waive off the crop loans completely.A source said that the decision to slow down granting of agricultural loans was taken after receiving adverse feedbacks from the rural branches regarding the recovery levels in the coming months. It is reported that managers of rural branches are believed to have expressed fears with their immediate top managers about the farmers' mood on repayment in the coming months after the promises of opposition leaders.\"Farmers are openly saying that they might not be paying back the loan amounts till the next elections as the ruling party too might announce some sops ahead of the elections,\" a branch manager of a nationalised bank near Nandigama told STOI. He said that farmers were of the view that those who promptly repaid their loan dues were punished with no benefit when UPA-I waived-off the crop loans in 2007.The Congress headed UPA-I government's ambitious programme of writing off crop loans to the tune of nearly Rs 72,000 crore benefited nearly four crore farmers across the nation and the party reaped huge benefits in 2009 elections due to this. But the banks have been performing with fears of further such announcements and promises.According to sources, the internal intelligence wing of the banks had alerted the managements about the promises of the political parties before the kharif season itself. It is reported that the banks had virtuallystopped granting loans to the licensed farmers (tenant) even before the kharif sensing the volatile political conditions in the state. Although, the state level bankers' committee (SLBC) stated that nearly Rs 2,000 crore was earmarked for granting crop loans to the tenant farmers during the just concluded kharif, the banks granted only Rs 198 crore to about 93,283 ryots.Curiously, the state government issued loan eligibility cards to nearly 3.88 lakh tenant farmers before the beginning of the kharif. \"It is a fact that not even 10% of the total earmarked amount has been disbursed to the farmers. But, one should not find fault with us,\" observed a senior banker.He said that they would be happy if the political leaders, who were going overboard in making loan waiver promises, come out with detailed package both for farmers and banks as it would be very difficult for the banks to survive without collecting loan dues.\"It might not be a good idea to encourage the farmers not to pay their dues. The political parties should give clarity about the cut-off dates for loan waiver and also maximum amounts to be written off as farmers are deciding not to repay their loans,\" said K S Rao, bank employees' union leader.He said that besides farmers, beneficiaries of other government programmes like housing too were not repaying the loans hoping for a waiver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985593", "title": "Road rage: Four men beat up air force officer, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than robbers, thuggish drivers have made venturing out unsafe at any hour, so much so that even senior defence officers are not safe any more. On Wednesday evening, Wing Commander Arjun Sen (47) was attacked by four youths after their cars brushed past, police said. The incident took place around 7.30pm when Sen was returning to the Air Force station from Ambience Mall with his family.When he was near the Syndicate Bank ATM on Rajokri Road in the Vasant Kunj area, an Alto that was crossing the road knocked his car's right fender and sped on. Police said an angry Sen shouted after the car. At this, the Alto reversed up to his car and a youth got out and abused him. He was joined by four other occupants of the car \u2014 all in their 20s \u2014 who began to beat Sen. The officer was allegedly punched and kicked several times before passersby and family members came to his rescue. The crowd managed to catch one of the assailants while the others escaped.Police and Sen's colleagues from the Air Force station, too, arrived and he was taken to the Air Force hospital. The apprehended youth was arrested and identified as Sandeep Yadav. His statement led to the arrest of his accomplices.Two hours after this attack, an SUV driver was chased, cornered and thrashed by three occupants of another Alto in the same area. The SUV and the smaller car had collided near the Gurgaon toll plaza.In his complaint to police, Gulab Singh, the SUV driver, alleged that the Alto hit his vehicle from behind on the Rajokri Flyover. When he pulled over to check the damage, the other car's occupants also stopped and one of them started abusing him. Fearing for his safety, Singh sped away but was soon chased by the car.Police said he was stop-ped near the MCD School on Mahipalpur - Andheria Morh road, pulled out of his veh-icle and beaten up. A passerby informed the police and they rescued Singh within minutes.The accused were arrested from the spot on charges of causing hurt and a case under various sections was registered against them. They have been identified as Raghuender, Sidharth, Mukesh and Krishna.In the third incident on the same evening, a man and his son were thrashed by a property dealer for objecting to his stopping in the middle of the road. The incident took place around 9pm on Wednesday when Sunil Kumar, who works with Central Road Research Institute (CRRI), was going home with his son Puneet and other family members in his Nano car.When their car was near a well known restaurant in the area, a Scorpio ahead of them braked suddenly. Police said when the Scorpio did not move, Sunil honked several times. This led to an ugly argument between the two drivers that soon turned into a fight. Police said when Sunil's son came to his rescue, the SUV driver snatched the stick of a guard standing nearby and hit both of them.Bystanders intervened and informed the police. Sunil and his son were taken to hospital and provided medical help. Police traced the Scorpio driver and arrested him after registering a case. He was identified as Rajesh Tomar, a resident of Paschim Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "16987250", "title": "Kids plant saplings to celebrate Eid", "text": "HAIBOWAL: With an aim to spread communal harmony among toddlers, Rising Stars School celebrated Eid-ul-Zuha with full fervour on Saturday.Tiny tots came dressed in \"kurta-pajama\" and \"burka\" to school to participate in the celebrations on the premises. While Shubham, Anurag, Gunveer Smaira, Somya, Arnav came dressed in \"kurta pajama\" with white cap, students Prisha, Ekjot, Mayra, Nitya, Anushka, Sanvi came to school in a \"burka\" and scarf.As a part of the celebration, students were told about the significance of the festival and shown how it's celebrated around the world. They were even shown how \"Namaz\" is offered in mosques. To make the celebrations sweeter, \"savaiyan\" were distributed among kids. As a gift for Eid-ul-Zuha students were given a flower sapling, which they planted in the school garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16985874", "title": "Majlise-Ittehadul-Muslimeen denies links with terror suspect", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Nanded unit of Majlise-Ittehadul-Muslimeen, a Hyderabad-based political party which recently won 11 seats in the 81-member Nanded Waghala Municipal Corporation, has denied any links to Maqbool Sayed alias Zuber.Maqbool, a resident of Dharmabad in Nanded district, was arrested by the Delhi police recently in connection with the August 1 Jangli Maharaj Road serial blasts in Pune.Special commissioner of police (special cell) S N Srivastava said that Maqbool was the district president of All India Majlise-Ittehadul-Muslimeen.However, Nanded district unit Majlis president Syed Moin said theparty has nothing to do with Maqbool.Moin said that the party had dissolved the Dharmabad taluka unit 18 months ago. \"The party also sacked Maqbool because he was living in Hyderabad. We have nothing to do with him,'' Moin said on Saturday.Dharmabad police said they had been on the lookout for Maqbool for threatening them with dire consequences if they took action against him or his brother. Police had moved to extern him from the district.``Maqbool had threatened me with dire consequences a few weeks ago, when we initiated externment proceedings against him and his brother. He told me he would act if I proceeded against him with the externment procedure or took any preventive action,'' said inspector Govardhan Kolekar of the Dharmabad police.\"We had launched a search for him, but he managed to slip away. We came to know about him only after he was arrested by the Delhi police from Hyderabad,\" Kolekar told TOI.He said Maqbool had several cases lodged against with the Andhra Pradesh, Dharmabad and Nanded police. He had two murder cases against him in Andhra Pradesh. In one of the cases with the Bodhan police, Maqbool was convicted by the court. Over a year ago, he had been released after serving the jail term and had come to Dharmabad. He would shuttle between Dharmabad and Hyderabad he added.Kolekar said Maqbool was on the Dharmabad police record for several crimes. He was a suspect in a low intensity blast in the town in 1998.He was allegedly involved in the 2000 blast at Sharda Cinema hall in Nanded.Due to similarities in both the blasts, police had arrested him in 2000. \"However, he was acquitted by the court,\" said Kolekar. Maqbool, an associate of Azam Ghauri, who was killed in an encounter with Andhra Pradesh police, was also arrested by the Dharmabad police for possessing a country-made revolver, Kolekar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16986147", "title": "BJP wary of rivals pouncing on Gadkari's 'flimsy' plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's defence that he cannot be held responsible for the source of funds pumped into the Purti Group founded by him may not find many takers in the party as it is felt that the plea is riddled with holes.Although Gadkari received a patient hearing on Friday evening from the party leaders, they are not too convinced by his claim that firms who chose to invest in Purti, rather than him, should be asked to explain the source of their funds.Gadkari argument that the attack on him should not be seen in individual light but instead be viewed as an assault on the party itself also does not seem to have struck a chord among party leaders who seem wary of embracing such a line of defence.The beleaguered BJP chief's defiance may have earned him a reprieve of sorts, but it is unclear if it will prove to be a lasting one despite party spokesperson Prakash Javdekar's firm rejection of charges against Gadkari as baseless after the late night confabulations.The backing Gadkari received may well be tested by his ability to convince public opinion about the transparency of his business operations in the midst of mounting reports of firms with unverifiable addresses and alleged investors denying having had anything to do with the companies concerned.BJP leaders fear the arguments offered might prove flimsy as political opponents raise obvious questions. \"The claim that Purti cannot verify funds of its investors could be plausible if the leader's associates were not found to be directors in these very firms,\" said sources.Many in the party are in no mood to see Gadkari's troubles as a matter that is synonymous with BJP. The suggestion that the attacks on Gadkari are akin to an assault on the party is seen as a bid to place the individual above the party.The distinction between the spontaneous manner in which senior leaders rejected India Against Corruption's charges in a land allotment case and the hesitant response to the Purti development is telling.Party sources said it may take a while for the BJP-RSS leadership to sort out the best means to resolve the crisis, but both entities won't allow individual interests to trump organizational goals. BJP would not humiliate or dump leaders, but will act to ensure its political goals are not held to ransom either.Options such as allowing Gadkari to continue till his term ends are being discussed but party leaders are concerned the Purti imbroglio might prove to be a major embarrassment during the fast approaching Winter session of Parliament when BJP is keen to renew its attack on Congress over various scams.RSS's position on the controversy is being read as carefully nuanced. The saffron head priests are concerned over a high-octane media coverage forcing BJP's hands, but this disquiet may be out weighed by the worrisome impression that the party's president is damaged goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16985353", "title": "Three dead in three different incidents", "text": "INDORE: Three people including an eight-year-old boy died in past 24 hours in the city. In two cases police suspects suicide as the cause of death.The third incident which involves the death of a child appears to be an accident but the police hasn't confirmed it.In first incident one Abhaydesh Pandey was found dead at his residence in Golden Palace Colony. He was residing alone there.Police said that neighbours did not notice him for last couple of days.On Saturady they noticed stench coming out from the house and informed police. Later the police recovered the dead body from the house.In the second incident, an eight-year-old boy Sameer, son of Dinesh was killed when he fell from a bicycle on Bholaram Ustad Marg. Sameer fell down from a bicycle and sustained injuries. He was rushed to a local hospital where doctors declared him brought dead, said police adding that they are investigating the case.In the third incident, one Mukesh Yadav, 40, son of Mahaveer Yadav reportedly committed suicide in his house in Dwarkapuri area on Friday night. His family members noticed him hanging in his room and reported the incident to the police. He was rushed to district hospital where he was declared brought dead. Reason behind the extreme step is still not clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16987826", "title": "Krishnaraya, Babi Naika win Konkani Honorary Award", "text": "MANGALORE: Litterateur Sha Mam Krishnaraya, 70, artist Herry D'Souza, 83, and folk artiste Babi Naika, 75, have been chosen for the Konkani Academy Honorary Award 2011.Karnataka Konkani Sahitya Academy announced its awards for the year 2011 on Saturday.Writers Maxi G Pinto, 52, Ronald Vas and Ron Maikal have been selected for the Academy's Book Award. Konkani Youth Awards will be conferred on pottery artiste Mahadevi Kulal, artist Vilas Nayak and classical singer Mahalakshmi Shenoy.Academy chairman Kasargod Chinna told reporters that the honorary award will carry a cash prize of Rs 10,000 each while the book award winners will be given Rs 5,000 each apart from citation. The award distribution programmes will be held at Sri Manjunatha Pai Samskritika Bhavan in Karkala on November 11.Sha Mam Krishnaraya: Born in Belgaum, worked as teacher and earned fame in the literary field by writing plays, research books, travelogues, children's books and history books.Herry D'Souza: Born at Valencia in the city, acted in more than 200 plays and wrote lyrics for more than 500 poems.Babi Naika: Born at Pejamangoor village in Udupi, served for more than 60 years in the field of folk arts and is capable of singing more than 100 folklore songs.Maxi G Pinto was selected for the book award for her Konkani essay collection 'Satham Khatham'. Ronald Vas has been chosen for the award for his book 'Aawaz' and Ron Maikal has bagged the award for his book 'Vodthanthlem Gulob'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "guanggong (china)", "code": "16992371", "title": "Bowlers help India thrash Pakistan in Women's Asia Cup", "text": "GUANGGONG (China): Riding on Archana Das and Reema Malhotra's brilliant bowling, the Indian Women's cricket team registered a comfortable eight-wicket win over Pakistan in the Twenty20 Asia Cup on Sunday.After bundling out the arch-rivals for a meagre 93 in 19.3 overs, Indian eves reached the target with nine balls to spare, including captain Mithali Raj's unbeaten 36-run knock, losing just two wickets in the process here at the Guanggong International Cricket Stadium.From 73 for three in 15 overs, Pakistan lost seven wickets for just another 20 runs in 27 balls with Indian bowlers wrecking havoc.Archana (2/12) and Reema (2/13) ended with two wickets each, while Ekta Bisht and Nagarajan Niranjana took a wicket apiece.Opting to bat, Pakistan did not have an ideal start as they lost opener Bismah Maroof (11) early followed by the one-down batter, Sana Mir (17).Marina Iqbal and Nain Abidi, however, managed to resurrect the innings, putting up a 37-run stand for the third wicket.But just when things started to look good for Pakistan, Ekta struck to see off Nain for a 26-ball 21.Marina's run out for a well-made 22 off 31 balls in the very next over triggered Pakistan's collapse.Reema and Archana never let the Pakistani batters settle down thereafter, taking wickets at regular intervals to send them packing with three balls still left to be bowled.Chasing a modest target, Sulakshana Naik (23) and Anuja Patil (13) gave India a fine start before Mithali along with Harmanpreet Kaur finished off things in style.Mithali's knock came off 38 balls, studded with three hits to the fence.Brief scores:Pakistan Women: 93 all out in 19.2 overs (Marina Iqbal 22, Nain Abidi 21; Archana Das 2/12, Reema Malhotra 2/13).India Women: 94 for two in 18.3 overs (Mithali raj not out 36, Sulakshana Naik 23; Mariam Hasan 2/15).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987604", "title": "When power and paisa combine", "text": "After more than a decade of non-fiction writing, Shobhaa De is back with a sharp novel filled with characters who lurk all around us. True to form, she captures India's current obsession \u2014 this time, the loathsome politician. An exclusive peek into what De has dished out.Babuji, Babuji. Open the door. It's urgent, very urgent.' Sethji opened his eyes, the masseur's fingers ceased momentarily. Sethji shut his eyes, turned his neck to face the wall and gestured to the waiting man with an impatient flick of his wrist. 'Don't stop,' he said, his voice a low growl. The masseur resumed kneading the fleshy folds below Sethji's thick neck. The knock on the door was louder, the voice more insistent. 'Babuji, emergency hai, please, please open the door immediately.' Sethji sighed deeply and kept his eyes resolutely shut. Today was going to be a long day. He needed his uninterrupted sakat haath ki maalish to prepare himself. The masseur slowed down the dance of his nimble fingers.His wrists were tense as he awaited further instructions . The knocking persisted. This time the first voice was joined by three more. 'Sethji, Sethji.' It was impossible to ignore. Sethji pushed the masseur's hands away and turned his oiled body around heavily. The exertion involved in that simple act seemed to tire him. He clutched his temples and exclaimed, 'Haramzaadey, don't they know I am not to be disturbed while the maalish is on? These dogs. They never learn, never.'His bulging, dark eyes regarded the masseur closely. 'Come tomorrow,' he said wearily. The masseur began wiping the sesame oil off his hands on the hand towel secured around his waist. Sethji changed his mind. 'No, wait, my ankles are sore and swollen. Massage them carefully \u2014 without hurting me. Let those dogs wait. Nothing in the world can be that important.' With that he swung his legs over the edge of the sturdy massage table, resting his weight on his arms as he spoke.The masseur noted the familiar malicious gleam in Sethji's eyes and dutifully bent down to relieve the discomfort in his master's left ankle, easing the stiff muscles expertly. Sethji closed his eyes and began to make a gurgling sound at the base of his throat \u2014 the same sort of sound a well-fed infant makes after a good burp. The masseur suppressed a smile. If he performed his daily task of relaxing Sethji better than usual, he'd receive a generous tip. And who knows, if Sethji seemed pleased enough, he would ask him for that special favour, too. It wasn't a very big one. A job for his wife's younger brother \u2014 any job. Himmatram, the masseur, had been pressing Sethji's spongy flesh for close to two decades. He knew his client and his corpulent body well, perhaps better than Leelaji, his dead wife, had ever known it.Himmatram closed his eyes for a moment and brought Leelaji's image into focus. He'd liked the small, spry woman who rarely spoke, even to her husband. He recalled the day she'd died. In fact he'd been massaging Sethji at that very instant. And the urgency of the knocks on this very door had been similar to that of today. Maybe something was wrong this time as well. Normally, Himmatram would have kept these thoughts to himself. He'd learned early enough that none of this was his business. The reason Sethji preferred him to other maalishwallas was that Himmatram had trained himself to act deaf, blind and dumb. He'd seen a great deal and heard much but his lips remained sealed. Not even his curious, talkative wife, Lajwanti , could get anything out of him, much as she tried.Sethji and Himmatram shared a strange understanding. In all honesty, the masseur couldn't exactly call it a pact, since nothing had ever been discussed openly between them. But he knew that Sethji knew that all his secrets were entirely safe with the man who was familiar with every inch of him \u2014every wart, mole, discoloured patch of skin, infected hair root, summer boils \u2014 and Sethji's best-kept secret, the pinkish leucoder ma stain on his groin that was steadily growing. That was the only subject Sethji had spoken to him about discreetly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16986629", "title": "2 Tibetans set themselves on fire in China", "text": "BEIJING: Two Tibetan cousins set fire to themselves in their village to protest Chinese rule, bringing the total number of self-immolations this week to seven, the highest since the protests began last year, a rights group said on Saturday.The London-based group Free Tibet said cousins Tsepo, 20, and Tenzin, 25, called for Tibet's independence as they set themselves ablaze on Thursday in front of a government building in their village in Biru county north of Lhasa, Tibet's main city. Tsepo reportedly died and Tenzin's condition was unknown, Free Tibet said.On Friday, Tsepag Kyab, 21, in Amuquhu town, set fire to himself in protest and died of the burns, the self-declared Tibetan government-in-exile said on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16985789", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad township cuts over 2,800 trees to widen Aundh-Ravet Road", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad township has had to sacrifice some green cover for the widening of the 14.5-km Aundh-Ravet Road. As many as 2,811 trees have been cut in the past four years, and 100 more will be cut, as part of the work. However, four years since starting the road widening work, the civic body is yet to complete it.The work is part of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's plan to develop four bus rapid transit system routes in the city under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). These include the Pune-Mumbai highway, Aundh-Ravet Road, Nashik Phata-Wakad Road and Kalewadi Phata - Dehu-Alandi Road.The Aundh-Ravet stretch - from Rajiv Gandhi bridge on Mula river near Aundh to Ravet - will be widened to a breadth of 45 m.Civic engineering department spokesperson Shirish Poreddy said, \"The widening of the Aundh-Ravet Road will affect 2,911 trees in all. We had first started work on the 9-km stretch from Ravet to Jagtap Dairy in Pimpale Saudagar after cutting the trees along the road. The remaining 4-km stretch from Jagtap Dairy to Rajiv Gandhi bridge passes through defence land. As there was a delay in acquiring the defence land, the work took longer than expected.\"He said the defence authorities have agreed to hand over the defence land to the civic body for road widening. The demarcation of this land is being done by them. \"We will get possession of the land after the demarcation. Another 100 trees along the right side of the road have to be cut to start the work.We hope to get possession in a fortnight,\" he said.Civic garden department chief Suresh Salunkhe said, \"The tree authority had given us permission in 2008 to cut the 2,911 trees.\"The Aundh-Ravet road is 14.4 km long and divided into seven sections, each about 1.75 km in length. The civic body awarded contracts to widen all stretches and work began in 2008. The initial cost of the project was Rs 251 crore.Work on the 4-km stretch from Rajiv Gandhi bridge (Aundh) to Sai chowk in Sangvi was delayed as defence authorities objected to the work. The authorities later gave permission and the work resumed. The land acquisition process for the 7-km stretch from Dange chowk, Thergaon to Kiwale village took longer due to initial resistance from farmers who owned the land.Poreddy said, \"The entire road passes through the limits of three authorities - defence authorities, Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority and the PCMC. Around 80% of the work in non-defence areas has been completed. We hope to complete the remaining work by June 2013.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16987153", "title": "Ranchi railway station left in a shambles as puja revelry ends", "text": "RANCHI: Two days after Durga Puja, Ranchi railway station has started stinking as garbage is strewn all around platforms.On Saturday, the railway station wore a revolting sight and passengers were forced to take out their hankies to avoid the stink. Garbage was seen all over - under the benches and around the dustbins. The daily-wage workers of Annapurna Utility Services had gone on leave during Durga Puja which caused the problem, said Ranchi railway station manager H K Pandey.\"The platform is dirtier than it is on normal days. The sweepers are casual about it,\" said Dinesh Singh who works at a food stall at the station. According to a rough estimate, around 30 lakh people visited Ranchi during the pujas.The outgoing passengers are the most affected lot as they have to sit at platforms waiting for trains. \"I had expected this disgusting site because the authorities are always slow in cleaning the platforms before and after the Puja,\" said Megha Gupta, a college student who came to see off her brother who left for Bangalore on Saturday.The garbage, mostly food stuff, has also attracted stray dogs at the railway station. \"Dogs are a common site at the station here. Nowadays, they need not go out in search of food as a plenty of eatables are available here,\" Vinod Singh, an employee of a food stall, said.Station manager Pandey, however, said the station premises would be cleaned soon. \"The sweepers have returned to work. The premises will be cleaned soon,\" said Pandey. The railways has outsourced sanitation service to a private agency. The agency has 35 sweepers and around 15 of them were on leave. On Saturday night, authorities said, extensive sweeping activities would be carried out. \"A huge rush of visitors continued to throng the puja pandal outside the station. It was an unexpected number of visitors which caused problems,\" he said. It was not possible to clean the premises during daytime as a large number of vehicles are parked outside the station. At night, the pandal hoppers kept sweepers away from cleaning, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991248", "title": "'Mani Ratnam loves poetry'", "text": "Three of Vairamuthu's popular poems have been composed as songs by A R Rahman for Mani Ratnam's Kadal.Vairamuthu says, \"Mani and Rahman have planned to work on a few songs. That time I was out of town for other work. They have chosen one from my Thanneer Desam poetry collection and they have finished recording the song. Thanneer Desam is about the significance of the sea. Likewise, they picked two poems from my other works as well. When I was called to the studio, the song came as a surprise to me. I was stunned by Rahman's composition of my poems.\"Composing music to poems is not new to Rahman and Mani Ratnam. Vairamuthu recollects, \"My poetries have influenced Evano Oruvan song from Alaipayuthe and Yakkai Thiri from Aayitha Ezhuthu . Mani Ratnam likes using impressive words from my poems in his songs. Actually, Mani loves poetry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985920", "title": "\u2018Madrassas produce maulvis, not job seekers\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A familiar Urdu couplet that's chanted in madrassas goes: Hamein duniya se kya matlab, madrassa hai watan mera/ Marenge hum kitabon par, waraq hoga kafan mera (I am not concerned with the world, the madrassa is my country/I will die for the books, and the pages will be my shroud).Although exaggerated, the message in the couplet captures the extreme isolation of the madrassa or religious school for Muslims. Trapped in a medieval mindset, most madrassas in India abhor change. Little wonder then that the state government's recent proposal to bring madrassas into the mainstream through monetary aid is set to be rebuffed, especially by the Deobandi group. This, despite the fact that the government has made it clear that it will not interfere in the curricula or management.\"We just want them to avail of this financial opportunity and teach their students modern subjects,\" says minority affairs minister Naseem Khan, detailing the plan, which is to initially give an annual grant of Rs 2 lakh for infrastructure development and Rs 80,000 to appoint teachers for secular subjects like science, maths and English. The grants will be given to the approximately 3,000 madrassas registered with the state.Overloaded as it is with Islam\u2014Islamic jurisprudence, Islamic philosophy, Quran and Hadith (traditions of the Prophet)\u2014the madrassa curriculum turns students into maulvis who are largely unemployable and unemployed in the mainstream job market. Some of them get by as low-paid imams, muezzins and teachers in madrassas; the rest open their own madrassas. There is also a lack of transparency in the running of madrassas, a trend that some Muslim intellectuals and reformists want to change. \"Madrassas don't want reforms and reject the government's aid because they fear opening their account books to it. Barring a few big madrassas, most don't want to share the source of their funding. That's why they insist on maintaining status quo in every aspect of their functioning,\" says a reputed educationist.Votaries of the status quo in madrassa managements counter that reformists fail to understand the purpose of madrassas. \"Madrassas are established to produce scholars and experts to promote and protect Islam,\" says Mufti Obaidullah Qasmi, a product of Darul Uloom Deoband. \"Madrassa students are not meant to be in the queue of job-seekers.\"Qasmi and his ilk refer to the eight-point constitution of Deoband framed by Maulana Qasim Nanautvi, founder of the Deoband seminary, in 1866. \"One of the points is that Deoband will not accept government aid and it will not create any permanent source of income. All the madrassas inspired by Deoband ideology follow this\u2014they don't own properties other than their buildings,\" explains Maulana Burhanuddin Qasmi, director of Markazul Maarif, a research centre that teaches madrassa graduates basic English. Burhanuddin adds that once the madrassas start taking government grants, they will cut themselves off the Muslim masses. \"Madrassas must run from the donations of the common Muslims, not by funds from business houses or government coffers,\" he says.Maulana Abdus Salam Qasmi, another Deoband graduate, smells a \"conspiracy\" in the idea of teaching secular subjects in madrassas. \"The Sachar Commission said that only four per cent of Muslim children go to madrassas. Why is the government so concerned about them while ignoring the 96 per cent?\" he asks.The conspiracy theorists need to be told that it isn't the government alone that's rooting for modernity\u2014a scholar from a Riyadh-based Islamic University also pitched the same when he visited Mumbai recently. Dr Saad Saeed Alqarni wants Indian madrassas to emulate Saudi Arabia, which has incorporated subjects like science, maths, geography and history in madrassa curricula, and got a pilot project approved in two Indian madrassas. \"Madrassas should not teach religion alone,\" he says. \"They must prepare students for both deen (religion) and duniya (world).\"Not every madrassa is against modernisation . The Sunnis are more flexible than the Deobandis. \"There is no harm in getting a grant to teach modern subjects in madrassas, provided the government ensures non-interference. A maulvi should know things beyond Islam,\" says Maulana Moin Ashraf Qadri, who patronises several madrassas in Maharashtra and UP. However, the likes of Qadri will have to work overtime to change the medieval mindset of most madrassa managers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16986021", "title": "Girl killed by \u2018racing\u2019 biker", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A trip to her uncle's house for Eid turned tragic for an 11-year-old who died after being hit by a biker. The accident took place on the Dasna-Kasbah stretch when three youths on two bikes were allegedly racing and performing stunts.The victim, Sofia, was walking on the stretch when one of the bikers, Rashid, hit her and dragged her along with the vehicle before crashing the two-wheeler into a brick kiln. Rashid has been arrested and the bike has been confiscated. Sofia had come to Ghaziabad with her father Aslam to visit her uncle.The incident occurred around 3pm. \"Two youths were on one bike, and the third one on the other. They had probably chosen the stretch for the stunts because it is quite wide,\" said a police officer. Suddenly, one of the bikes collided with Sofia, who was walking on the stretch. The biker lost control of his vehicle and dragged the girl for at least 10 metres.Sofia was rushed to the hospital, but died on the way. \"She suffered grave injuries to her head and back,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985810", "title": "Baby Damini gains weight, recovering fast", "text": "JAIPUR: The para medical staff and the doctors giving treatment to baby Damini at the Fortis hospital were elated on Saturday when she was taken off the nasogastic tube through which she was fed earlier.Doctors treating the infant said she has responded better to the treatment so far and also gained weight. She is also now fed through a spoon. Within a week's time, Damini may be accompanying her father to Bharatpur.Damini and his rickshawpuller father attracted worldwide attention when TOI carried the news of Bablu driving rickshaw to earn his livelihood while carrying his newly born daughter Damini in a cloth slung around his neck after his wife died following delivery of the child.Her father Bablu and many other fellow patients in the hospital are now hoping that within some days baby Damini would be discharged from the hospital.\"The infant is responding well to the treatment. She has gained 20 per cent weight since she was being admitted to our hospital. Her weight is now 1,750 grams. On Saturday, we have also withdrawn the nasogastic through which milk was fed to her. We are now feeding her now with a spoon and she is accepting it,\" said Dr J P Mittal, the neo natologist who is treating the infant.Dr Mittal added that the infant has shown good recovery signs within a week, however one has to observe her activities for a fortnight even if she gets discharged from the hospital. \"The reports of all her tests are normal,\" he added.Bablu is hopeful that he would be able to take the baby in his lap again and expects to return home soon. \"Doctor saab keh rahey hain jaldi theek ho jayegi (Doctors are saying now she will be alright soon),\" he said.The infant was brought to the hospital when her weight was reduced to just 1400 grams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989924", "title": "Bigg Boss housemates suffering because of Sidhu: Sayantani", "text": "She's been voted out of the Colors channel's reality show Bigg Boss-6, but Sayantani Ghosh refuses to be politically correct and toe the conventional line. Instead, the gutsy babe says, \"If people had gone about the nomination process properly, I'm sure I won't have been nominated! \"According to Sayantani, she respects Navjot Singh Sidhu as a human being, but adds: \"The fact is that everybody is suffering because of Sidhu ji . He must realize that his so-called morality fundas are creating chaos in the house and innocent people are getting punished! That's very unfair! I know one thing for sure that I worked my ass off and washed god knows how many utensils every day. Sidhu ji ki dilly-dallying ki wajah se ghar ka mahaul bigadta hai ! Before entering the show, we all knew that we have to nominate people every week, and it is not tantamount to bitching. Even Salman Khan ticked Sidhu ji for not playing by the rules.\"Sapna ko mata type aati haiSpeaking of Salman, what does she have to say about the verbal spat between Salman and Sapna? \"I don't think Salman can be blamed for that! He was only pointing out her flaws and he has the authority to do that. In fact, he handled the situation so well. I feel Sapna is really confused and full of contradictions! Sometimes she would be very sweet in the house and at other times, she would be so weird! Unko mata types aati hai ! In the first week, she taunted me and Sana, saying ' Main nange kapde pehen ke dance nahin kar sakti ! And then a couple of days later, she was happily prancing around in a bikini,\" she says.Rajiv is desperate to be seenAnd what does the lady feel about Rajiv Paul - Delnaz love story that's being showcased in the show on the Colors channel? She replies without any hesitation: \"I feel Delnaz is handling herself with lots of grace and she's made it clear that for her, he's just a co-contestant, it's Rajiv who's desperate to be seen! He knows it's his last resort. But the fact is that they have been divorced for two years, so what was he doing for so long? Why this drama now?\"Sampat Pal is unhygienicSayantani has an interesting take on Gulabi Gang chieftain Sampat Pal Singh and model Karishma Kotak too. \"Sampat ji is entertaining, but she has some very unhygienic habits. She washes utensils and cooks with the same unclean hands, and that's very disturbing! Since nobody wants to hurt her feelings, people just tolerate that! Karishma on the other hand, is very smart! She acts well and gets away with that innocent babe act! But, she's playing double games,\" says she.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "16986003", "title": "6 cops get 3-year term for custodial death", "text": "SIRSA: Six cops, including an inspector and an assistant sub-inspector, were sentenced to three year jail by the additional district sessions judge in connection with a custodial death. The court also slapped Rs 62,000 fine on each of them.The accused have been identified as inspector Ujjagar Singh, assistant sub inspector Gharsa Ram, head constable Kuldeep Singh, constable Mama Singh, constable Krishan Kumar and constable Naveen Kumar.According to case details, one Om Prakash was picked by Ellenabad police, who was involved in gambling at public place. It was alleged that after interrogation, he was found dead on March 23, 2001, in police station. His son then moved the court which discharged the case. But Bhola Ram, the complainant, later approached the high court, which ordered reopening of the case.On Saturday, the court of additional session judge R P Goyal, awarded three-year imprisonment to all six and slapped Rs 62,000 fine on each of the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989627", "title": "MJ's death house goes for 12.4m pounds", "text": "The house where Michael Jackson died has been sold for 12.4 million pounds, it has been revealed.Investment banker Steven Mayer has been named as the new owner, the Daily Star reported.The pop legend rented the French chateau-style property in LA's exclusive Holmby Hills, before he died, aged 50, from a massive overdose of hospital anaesthetic Propofol in June, 2009.Fans have regularly gathered at the mansion's gates to mount vigils on the anniversary of the tragedy and to pay respects on the singer's birthday and at Christmas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16985426", "title": "Tile unit gutted in major fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: Property worth around Rs 2 crore was reportedly damaged in a major fire at a tile factory in the Nacharam industrial belt early on Saturday morning. The blaze completely gutted the machinery at the unit apart from destroying raw material, including rubber and chemicals. Preliminary investigation suggests that the fire was caused by a short circuit at the Classic Bricks &amp; Tiles unit located on Road No.15. No injuries or casualties have been reported.The fire control room was alerted about the incident at around 2.45am by watchmen patrolling the area. However, despite four fire tenders being pressed into service to control the blaze, it took firemen well over 15 hours to douse the flames. \"That was because the factory was stacked with chemicals. Each time we thought we had put it out the fire just reignited. Also, a part of the shed had crashed due to the fire, making our task even more difficult,\" said Ramesh Yadav, leading fireman from the Malkajgiri fire station. Also on the job were fire tenders dispatched from the Hayathnagar, Secunderabad and Moula Ali fire stations. \"We are still assessing the loss. Investigation is also on to ascertain the actual cause of the mishap,\" said a fire official present at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986906", "title": "SM Krishna's return may not help state Congress", "text": "BANGALORE: SM Krishna's return to state politics after a gap of nine years is not likely to result in a 360-degree change for the floundering Congress unit.Though it appears that the AICC may not accord any top post for the former external affairs minister in the KPCC, it may consider placing him as the campaign committee chairman. There is also talk of him taking on a coordinator's role to bring unity in the party. But this move may only boomerang if it creates just another power centre in the party in the process.Though his resignation from the Union cabinet on Friday is touted as a return to state politics, there has been mixed reaction to the move in Congress circles.While a section is rejoicing and maintaining that the 80-year-old will strengthen the party ahead of assembly elections due next year, others are not so certain as they cite Krishna's age. There is a large group within the Congress which is opposed to him.With age against him, he can at best play the role of an elderly statesman guiding the party under a collective leadership.In 1999, when he led the party to victory in the state polls, Krishna was riding on an anti-incumbency wave against the Janata Parivar. In the subsequent elections in 2004, he was blamed for halving the party's tally from nearly 130 seats to little more than 60. His government's tilt to urban development over rural areas was blamed for the Congress drubbing.Soon after relinquishing governor's office in Maharashtra, a section of his loyalists had planned a grand welcome to him to state politics before the assembly elections in 2008. However, the party headed by Mallikarjun Kharge and AICC in charge of Karnataka affairs Prithviraj Chavan thwarted Krishna's plan.Five years hence, it's a different scenario. KPCC president G Parameshwara is seen as Krishna's man and he may bat for a prominent role for his mentor in the party. Krishna, on his part, has evinced interest in touring the state as an ordinary party worker without expecting a position.A section in the party feels that Krishna's active role in state politics would dent BJP's prospects in Bangalore in the coming elections. The Bangalore urban district accounts for 28 assembly seats, highest in the state. At present, the ruling BJP is represented in 17 segments of the 28 and the party has won 110 of the total 198 wards in the BBMP. \"Krishna has a charisma in Bangalore and Congress stands to benefit if he takes an active role in Bangalore and Mysore-Karnataka region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985872", "title": "HC frowns at trust on redevelopment", "text": "MUMBAI: A city-based trust which tried to raise the 'Maharashtrian builder' bogey to avoid calling for bids to redevelop its prime property in Girgaum invited censure from the Bombay high court. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar upheld a single judge bench's order directing the charity commissioner to call for public bids. The court also asked the charity commissioner to be \"on guard\" and not accept reasons given by trusts as gospel truth, especially when it comes to redeveloping prime trust properties in the city.\"It appears to be more of an attempt by trustees to whip up emotive issues to keep the tenants in the dark about the true worth of the properties,\" the judges said. The court questioned the late Rao Bahadur Anant Shivaji Desai Topiwala Charity's excuse to appoint a builder chosen by it, essentially a Maharashtrian firm, to redevelop the prime property, Kudaldeshkar Brahmin Niwas---a sprawling 3,343 sq metres of land in Girgaon. The judges remarked only when competitive bids are invited would tenants know the worth of the property and the corpus that will be available. \"Tenants/occupiers may get tenements of fixed area but competitive bids may push up the corpus and offer several other amenities. Then they may discover it is the builder of their chosen regionality that was in fact cheating them,\" the judges said.The property comprises four buildings constructed before 1925, and houses around 122 tenants, many of whom belong to the Kudaldeshkar Adya Gaud Brahmin community. In May 2011, the trust approached four builders and finally signed a deal to sell the plot to Raunak Constructions for Rs 6 crore. The developer was also supposed to give 4,000 sq.ft area to the trust and a 460 sq.ft flat to each tenant. According to the trust, the tenants had requested to sell the land to a Maharashtrian construction firm as they felt that non-Maharashtrian developers might cheat them. The charity commissioner in, September 2011, accepted the reasoning and approved the sale. A separate group of tenants and another builder Siddhivinayak Builders challenged the charity commissioner's approval. They claimed that as per ready reckoner rates, the property was worth over Rs 12 crore, an amount much higher than Rs 6 crore, which was offered by Raunak Constructions.While clarifying it was not laying down a mandatory rule that all trust properties should be sold after inviting public bids, the high court directed the charity commissioner to exercise caution especially when it came to prime trust properties.The court asked the charity commissioner to scrutinize applications from trusts carefully and test bona fides.The HC has upheld the single judge's March 2012 order that bids be called and minimum criteria be set for the tenders---including that the reserve price be fixed at Rs 6 crore, the developer will have to hand over a 4,000 sq-ft area to the trust free of cost, tenants would be rehabilitated in 460 sq-ft flats, the builder will set up a corpus fund for the tenant society, and an additional Rs 1 crore should be paid to the trust if extra FSI is approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16986149", "title": "Odisha celebrates Eid", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It was time for feasts and get-togethers as Muslims across the state celebrated Bakri Eid on Saturday. Hundreds of people thronged masjids on Saturday for mass prayer.\"It is believed that Allah once challenged the faith of his devotee Hazrat Ibrahim and asked him to sacrifice the person dearest to him. Ibrahim agreed to sacrifice his son whom he loved dearly. He closed his eyes and raised his sword but Allah replaced the boy with a goat. Since then the day is celebrated as Bakri Eid,\" said Sk Allaudin, who was joined by his family and distant relatives on the occasion.Animals are sacrificed on this day. After the sacrifice, the meat is equally shared with family members, friends and the poor, said Istiaque Ahmed, a resident of Sastri Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16987233", "title": "Open drains to make way for eco corridors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Think of the drain behind your house, the eyesore of the colony which is usually lined with garbage, stray cattle and dogs, and stinks so much that one would not venture near it. Now imagine a tree- lined canal, an open public space that has people walking and cycling along the gently gushing water. The idea may sound ambitious but the Delhi government has plans to convert several of the city's larger drains into eco-corridors: areas that will be used extensively as non-motorized stretches and connect colonies to the BRT corridor, Metro stations and bus stops.The non-motorized transportation (NMT) eco-corridor project will be incorporated into DDA's master plan and has been prepared by UTTIPEC. The project has two components \u2014 developing areas along drains as recreational public spaces and developing a road network that includes special corridors for cycling and walking. \"We have to shift focus from traffic planning to mobility planning. However, the development of recreational areas is entirely dependent on the cleaning of the drains. The project has been around for ages but if it has to work the government needs to take a holistic view of it and carry out all works together,\" said an official.The project aims to tackle open drains and bring down traffic congestion, which is the prime reason for Delhi's rising pollution problems. \"Among the proposals we have already mulled are connecting Nizamuddin Railway Station and ISBT to Jungpura Metro Station. The existing open drain behind Nizamuddin that passes by Jungpura is an ideal location to develop NMT. The other stretch is from Sheikh Sarai to Moolchand Metro station. This will also provide connectivity from the Saket malls to GK-I. The project along the Barapullah drain is the most extensive and will provide an interface with existing modes of public transport,\" said UTTIPEC director Ashok Bhattacharjee. \"We have a cycle sharing system along the BRT corridor but one reason it failed was the insufficient number of stations to park. Development of sufficient infrastructure is a priority. A sizeable number of cycle parking points, convenient hiring systems, accessible locations and dedicated paths even along the main roads need to be put in place. The cycle tracks need to become transit routes, between colonies, within colonies and between colonies and public transport points,\" said a source.The environment department, too, has been promoting the project. \"By encouraging walking and cycling, we will be able to tackle congestion, bring down pollution , create open public spaces and deal with the problem of untreated sewage,\" said an environment department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986248", "title": "Cabinet rejig: Deepa, Abu Hasem get calls", "text": "KOLKATA: In a move with far-reaching political implications for Bengal, the PMO called Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi on Saturday and asked her to be present at Rashtrapati Bhawan for Sunday's Cabinet reshuffle.That wasn't the only development on a fast-paced day. Murshidabad MP Adhir Chowdhury also left for New Delhi, fuelling speculation that the Centre was unwilling to leave any ground to the moderates in the Bengal Congress in taking on Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee. Both Deepa and Adhir are known Mamata baiters.Even if Adhir doesn't make the cut, Deepa's induction in the Manmohan Singh Cabinet is reason enough for Trinamool's discomfiture. Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury \u2014 a moderate \u2014 was the first to get a call from Delhi, leading to speculation that the Congress high command was unwilling to burn its bridges with Trinamool. But with Deepa and Adhir headed for Delhi, the party bosses may be taking a firm stand on Mamata.Deepa's high-pitched rhetoric against the Bengal chief minister was unwavering all through the shaky alliance in Bengal.Bengal earns more focus in DelhiNow, the Mamata government is reportedly trying to rake up a 20-year-old case against Deepa, which was all but buried for want of evidence by the former Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee regime. If Deepa gets a ministerial berth, the Congress will have sent a clear message to Didi.\"I received a call from the PMO this evening. I have been asked to be present at the oath taking ceremony,\" an elated Deepa confirmed to TOI late on Saturday night. It would be a big boost to the party in North Bengal, she said. Adhir, however, refused to confirm or deny beyond his usual refrain: \"Being a party soldier, I will do whatever is asked of me. The party high command is the best judge of how to utilise me.\"Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya is also camping in New Delhi. It appears unlikely that Bengal will get more than three berths in the Union cabinet. What is clear, however, is that there is significant focus on Bengal, both in the cabinet reshuffle and the AICC meetings that are underway simultaneously in New Delhi.Deepa's name has earlier done the rounds as a possible minister of state for railways. In Bengal's fractured political arena, Congress would like to cash in on Deepa's ministerial position ahead of the crucial panchayat polls, where it is fighting alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986490", "title": "Chennai cops\u2019 new mantra: Be visible", "text": "CHENNAI: Don't be surprised if you see more police personnel on the roads these days. It's just a part of their attempt to curb crime and make the city safer, police have decided to become more visible.After sifting through old files for days, police officials have identified crime patterns and vulnerable spots in the city and have deployed extra force at such places for better policing, said Chennai police commissioner S George. \"Our objective is to enhance visible policing, which will infuse greater confidence among public and also act as a deterrent to crime. For this, proper deployment of manpower and vehicles is essential. The concept is not new. It forms the basics of policing in any major city, but at times, we forget that,\" he said.Each of the 134 police stations in the city has a patrol vehicle and three motorcycle-borne beat teams. They also have six to seven police booths each. They are put on duty in three shifts to ensure police presence on the roads round-the-clock, he said. Apart from the designated crime-prone areas, they cover areas where a large number of commuters and office-goers assemble. Vigil is heightened during peak hours - 8am to 11am and 5pm to 10pm. Deputy commissioners of police have been assigned the task of monitoring the movement of patrol vehicles.Police say the initiative has already yielded results in small measures. On October 9, a constable doing beat patrolling at Ashok Nagar chased and caught a miscreant who snatched a woman's gold chain. Six days later, another criminal who snatched an IT employee's gold chain was caught near Taramani. Similarly, another constable came to the rescue of an RBI employee at Chetpet on October 18. A week ago, a student was held at Chintadripet for carrying a knife to his college.Since the diameter of a police station's jurisdiction is just two to three km in the core city, police patrol teams in jeeps and beat police on motorcycles can reach any part of it within four to six minutes. The response time is about seven to 10 minutes in the suburbs.George moves around with a compendium on his P-cap deployment, known in common parlance as officer-oriented deployment. While on the move, he knows where to look for which official. There cannot be any excuse for his or her absence at the designated spot.Next, George plans to technologically enable deployment of manpower and vehicles. \"As a first step, all patrol jeeps will be provided with global positioning system to monitor their movement. Beat police motorcycles will be fixed with GPS in the next phase. All officers' vehicles also will be covered in phases and finally they will be integrated with the control room to facilitate personnel manning the control room to direct the nearest police vehicles to the spots of crime,\" said George.M Murthy, a resident of Madipakkam, said, \"There is an increased police presence on the roads these days. It may reduce the response time in case of emergencies. But we will have to wait and watch whether criminals work out new strategies.\"Chennai has often been touted as the safest metro in the country. National Crime Records Bureau too has put out statistics buttressing this claim, especially when it comes to crimes committed against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985858", "title": "After sound &amp; fury, Sena rally organizer booked", "text": "MUMBAI: Shivaji Park police station filed a complaint against the organizer of the Shiv Sena's Dussehra rally on Saturday for violation of noise level guidelines.Wednesday's rally had drawn the ire of activists fighting noise pollution as the decibel levels during the event went way beyond the allowed limit. The police have registered a complaint under the Environmental Protection Act. Though a complaint has registered against Devidas Borkar, the functionary who had sought permission for the rally, no arrests have been made yet.The Bombay high court allowed the Sena to organize the rally at Shivaji Park and ensure that the noise levels did not cross 60 decibels.\"During the rally, the noise level went above the permissible limit,\" said senior inspector Suresh Unawne. According to the police, the noise levels during the rally hovered between 65-80 dB and on certain occasions, it touched 105 dB. Activist Sumaira Abdulali also monitored the decibel levels during the gathering.According to Abdulali's report, the noise levels went up till 98 dB. The levels generally hovered between 65-85 dB. \"The background level before loudspeakers were used was about 59-61 dB. The noise levels during the speeches rose and exceeded those permitted by the noise pollution rules for a silence zone. The conditions laid down by the HC were violated,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16986420", "title": "Vadodara's go-karting champ invited to watch F-1", "text": "VADODARA: All of 12, and sometimes the only female competitor on the go-karting tracks in India, Mira Erda is jumping up and down with joy ever since a phone call rang at her home early this week. The caller, a representative of the organizers of F-1 event was inviting her to be part of the racing spectacle.On Sunday, Mira would be rubbing shoulders with the big names of the racing arena, including her idol Lewis Hamilton .Accompanied by her father Kirit Erda, Mira was all set to take the Saturday night flight to Delhi to watch the last day of the action. \"We have missed the action of the last two days due to a function at my school. But, I will be there tomorrow to see it all,\" a beaming Mira told TOI.The Erda family has been told that the invitee enclosures are strategically located along the pit lane in the Main Grandstand, which is perfect for hearing and witnessing live racing action. \"It offers a bird's eye view of the garages, winner's podium and the pit lane action, including changing of tyres,\" said Kirit, who is escorting Mira.The child was ecstatic, \"I was looking forward to seeing my idol Hemilton racing live in front of me. It would inspire me for the upcoming season 2013 to burn the track in front of the all male drivers.\"Early this year, Mira had participated in Invitational Yamaha SL International 'All Stars Karting 2012' in Sepang, Malaysia, and won the race by fifth position. Later, in May, she participated in first race in Sepang, Malaysia, 'Rotax Max Challenge 2012' Malaysian Series and won the trophy of ninth position and fifth at Asia level.In June, she was again burning tracks at 'Rotax Invitational Thailand 2012' in Saraburi Thailand, where she positioned herself at 7th position and was awarded the trophy of \"fastest racer\" on the grid.At JK National Rotax Max Karting Championship 2012 in Hyderabad and Coimbatore, she was the only from Gujarat. She won 1st, 3rd, 4th, 5th round at second position and 2nd round in Hyderabad at first position.Mira is going to be upgraded from Micro class to Junior class next year, but from December 2012 she will be racing internationally in junior class. Between June 2012 and September 2012, she has participated in 22 races and won 16 trophies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986880", "title": "Minister to raise Medical Council of India's 'arbitrary' decisions at Delhi meet", "text": "PATNA: The state government will raise the issue of Medical Council of India (MCI) refusal to recognize the three new medical colleges in the state during the two-day health ministers' conference in New Delhi beginning November 1, said health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey on Saturday.\"We have been depositing fee for the last three years for the MCI inspection of the three medical colleges at Pawapuri, Bettiah and Madhepura. However, the MCI refused permission to the state government every time on the ground of shortage of faculty and infrastructure though it gave recognition to start new medical colleges in other states with almost the same infrastructure and faculty,\" Choubey said. He lambasted the MCI for refusing permission to Bihar to open new medical colleges despite CM Nitish Kumar himself writing a letter to Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in 2011 in this regard.Choubey said the MCI denial in June was not logical. The MCI parameters are not applicable in the first year as 1st year medical course does not require such facilities, he said, adding permission has been granted to other states to start medical courses in colleges lacking on these fronts. He said the state government had assured the MCI to overcome all deficiencies in six months, but in vain.At Pawapuri, the medical college building is almost complete, he said, adding about 70% work of the hospital has also been completed. Similarly, at Bettiah, the government has renovated Maharani Janki Kunwar College. We will also construct a new building at Bettiah funds for which has been approved and DPR has been prepared, Choubey said.As far as Madhepura medical college is concerned, it will take about a year to build up the required infrastructure. But the minister said, \"We have done enough work to start 1st year MBBS course there. We are going to apply afresh for MCI inspection to all the three medical colleges.\"On lack of faculty, Choubey said, \"We are appointing doctors for all the three colleges through Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC). Doctors on deputation, transfer and those who have retired are also being appointed to overcome the faculty shortage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986745", "title": "Japanese kitchen on a platter", "text": "KOCHI: For a taste of what the Japanese kitchens serve for lunch and dinner, Kochiites can drop in at Tokyo Bay. The first authentic Japanese restaurant in Kochi is conducting Tempura Festival 2012 for the city's food buffs with a feast of a different kind.Featuring 22 delicious varieties of vegetarian and non-vegetarian tempura dishes prepared by chief chef Akinori Nishioka San, the fest aims to popularize the Japanese cuisine in Kochi and also across the state. Tempura is the technique of dipping seafood, chicken and vegetables into a batter and deep frying them to a golden crisp. With good tempura there is a delicious counterpoint of a crispy surface and the luscious, moist interior; which also qualifies it as a Japanese signature style of cooking.The fest will be on till October 31, and the services will be available from 12:30pm to 3:00pm (lunch) and 7:30 pm to 10:30pm (dinner).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985576", "title": "Mahatma in the footsteps of Purti, Wainganga", "text": "NAGPUR: Facts and figures dug out from the ministry of corporate affairs reveal that the same suspicious shell companies pumped in huge money in all three sugar and power factories - Purti, Wainganga and Mahatma - which come under the Purti Group. Over the last few days TOI reporters had fanned out across several cities in the country and established the dubious nature of the holding companies, its directors and the addresses where they are located.Mahatma, which was non-functional when it was bought by Purti Group for Rs14.10 crore in 2009-10, is located in Jamni village of Seloo tehsil in Wardha district. An amount of Rs1.13 crore came from the Nerul-based Westline Trading Co Private Limited which was linked to NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal's money-laundering controversy as was reported on Saturday.Nitin Gadkari , who decided to stay put as the BJP national president at a meeting in New Delhi on Friday, was the founder promoter of Purti Group. He resigned as the chairman of Purti Sugar and Power Limited 14 months ago and only holds 310 shares in it.Several similarities were observed and reported over the past week in the cases of Purti and Wainganga. Apart from the paid-up capital needed to obtain loans from banks and other establishments which came from shell companies, the email IDs, directors (Gadkari's driver, diwan and two Purti staffers) too were the same.The money that came into Mahatma too is questionable. The address of other four companies in Wainganga - Yogesh Projects, Apeak Infotech, Amply Infotech, Westline Trading and Jasper Commerce - were not correct and all figure in the 10 companies with huge shares in Mahatma. The remaining five companies - Ashwami Sales, Jainaam Mercantile, Jasika Mercantile, Last Mile Infrastructure, Neelay Mercantile - figure in Purti and are supposedly shell companies.Also, Rs8.98 crore came from Purti Contract Farming, Purti Marketing, Purti Power and Purti Agrotech, all companies under the Purti group. On the basis of the paid-up capital, MSPL managed to get loans of over Rs170 crore from the banks according to the documents submitted by Mahatma to the ministry of corporate affairs.An amount of Rs28.58 crore came into Mahatma from 604 shareholders of which 34 are corporate companies. The maximum of Rs26.53 crore came from the 10 dubious companies which are common to Purti, Wainganga and Mahatma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990274", "title": "I'd love to be a judge on X Factor, says Kylie Minogue", "text": "Kylie Minogue has revealed that she is interested in being a part of the judging panel on 'The X Factor'.Additionally, show bosses are planning to hold talks with the Australian pop queen.\"I've been there and never had anyone hold my hand, so it would be quite nice to do that for someone else,\" the Daily Express quoted her as saying.The ITV1 talent show has struggled to pull viewers this series and is being beaten in the Saturday night ratings war by BBC rival 'Strictly Come Dancing.'A show insider said the 44-year-old diva is seen as the ideal \"big name\" to boost the flagging figures of the talent show.\"It's great news that Kylie is a fan and wants to be a judge, maybe Tulisa's days on The X Factor are numbered?\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986994", "title": "No Kannada schools will be closed, promises CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday said that none of the 13,000 Kannada schools facing shortage of students will be closed.\"We will not take any decision that is against the wishes of the people or the language of the state. We will not close any Kannada school even if it means a burden on the exchequer,\" Shettar said. He gave the assurance after Sudheendra Kulkarni, media advisor to former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee and litterateur Chandrashekar Kambar raised the issue at a book release function in the city. The chief minister also said that the government will soon come out with a mission programme for maximizing the use of internet for enrichment of Kannada language. He also promised early action on the the issue of unicode for Kannada language, approval of which has been pending for the last several months.Earlier, Kulkarni mentioned about the closure of these schools. \"I am pained to hear that 13,000 Kannada schools are going to be closed in my home state. That should not happen.\" He batted for the use of internet to sustain and enrich Kannada further. \"In fact all native languages in India can be saved by using internet,\" Kulkarni said. Litterateur Chandrashekar Kambar advocated education in the mother tongue till tenth standard, saying it was a vision envisaged by Mahatma Gandhi himself.In 2 yrs, half of India will have AadhaarIn less than two years, 60 crore Indians will be given multi-purpose Aadhaar cards, Nandan Nilekani , chairman of Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), said here on Saturday. \"We have distributed 21 crore cards so far. By next year, it will reach 40 crore and within a year of that, every other Indian will have these cards. It is a unique way to include everyone. It means recognition of each individual,\" he said.On internet usage, Nilekani said application of technology is a profound idea. Sudheendra Kulkarni, media adviser to former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, said that everyone should become internet satyagrahis. \"We are Indian citizens and most of us are now netizens of the world. The time has come for us to be internet satyagrahis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16986515", "title": "Saudi Arabia takes bulldozer to Islam's history", "text": "Three of the world's oldest mosques are about to be destroyed as Saudi Arabia embarks on a multi-billion-pound expansion of Islam's second holiest site. Work on the Masjid an-Nabawi in Medina, where the Prophet Muhammad is buried, will start once the annual Hajj pilgrimage ends next month. When complete, the development will turn the mosque into the world's largest building, with the capacity for 1.6 million worshippers.But concerns have been raised that the development will see key historic sites bulldozed. Anger is already growing at the kingdom's apparent disdain for preserving the historical and archaeological heritage of the country's holiest city, Mecca.Most of the expansion of Masjid an-Nabawi will take place to the west of the existing mosque, which holds the tombs of Islam's founder and two of his closest companions, Abu Bakr and Umar.Just outside the western walls of the current compound are mosques dedicated to Abu Bakr and Umar, as well as the Masjid Ghamama, built to mark the spot where the Prophet is thought to have given his first prayers for the Eid festival. The Saudis have announced no plans to preserve or move the three mosques, which have existed since the seventh century and are covered by Ottoman-era structures, or to commission archaeological digs before they are pulled down.-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16985456", "title": "Boy killed, another injured in mishap", "text": "INDORE: A 12-year-old boy was killed and another boy injured when a truck hit the scooter they were riding on Saturday evening near the airport.The deceased was identified as Sachin, son of Dinesh Verma. He was the resident of Raj Nagar.According to police, Sachin along with his friend Monti were on a scooter MP09 SD6124 when the truck MP09 HB3837 coming from opposite side, hit them. Sachin died on the spot while Monti sustained injuries.The driver has escaped from the scene, leaving the vehicle on the spot. Police have seized the vehicle and have launched a hunt for the accused. The body was sent to district hospital for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16985274", "title": "Disaster management training for city residents", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a bid to harness the strengths and capabilities of people who can respond during an emergency, the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) will train people in Guwahati Emergency Management Exercise (GEMEx) from Monday.GEMEx is the third massive emergency management exercise of the highest level in the country after Mumbai and Chennai. The northeast is earthquake prone for being located in Seismic Zone V.\"The kind of training that will be imparted to the participants is for the first time in the north east. As many as 19 international faculties will train the participants during GEMEx. On November 3, a mock drill will be held at the Assam Engineering Institute Playground, where disaster preparedness of all government employees will be tested,\" said Dhruba Jyoti Das, the CEO of Kamrup (Metro) district disaster management authority.The emergency management exercise will be conducted in various parts of the city by NDMA experts, in collaboration with the district disaster management authority, Kamrup (Metro) and Assam State Disaster Management Authority.GEMEx is a stimulation exercise on disaster preparedness and will culminate on November 4. \"It is an exercise to make people ready to meet any urban catastrophe. Since the northeast is located in Seismic Zone V, there is always a risk of earthquake here. GEMEx is an emergency exercise that will train people engaged in various establishments on how to tackle disasters. The way highrise apartments are being constructed in Guwahati, there can be massive casualty if the people are not well trained to combat disasters,\" said a government official.Ashutosh Agnihotri, the deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) district, reviewed the preparations for GEMEx, 2012, at a review meeting held in the city on Friday.The inaugural function of GEMEx will be held at Rabindra Bhawan here on Monday. After this, there will be a week-long exercise, which will include a series of trainings on emergency medical services, hospital emergency management, emergency nursing services, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986852", "title": "Gandhian from Bihar inspires African youth", "text": "PATNA: \"Gandhi was a fighter. He was not somebody who shied away from a challenge. He fought injustice in South Africa. He fought for the indigo cultivators in Bihar. He fought British imperialism in India. And his notion of peace was not non-action. Peace is not running away from confrontation,\" a frail man clothed in homespun white kurta and dhoti said in a conference hall filled with scholars, social activists, entrepreneurs and agricultural scientists from India, the US and Africa. Gandhi, he said, didn't own the patent for Ahimsa or non-violence. Jesus, the Buddha and Mahavira had walked the talk centuries before Gandhi. The Mahatma's unique contribution to the world was Satyagraha: the urging, or insistence on Truth - a tool for the toiling masses so that they could aspire to true democracy and a sustainable future.At Jalgaon, Maharashtra, Professor Ram Jee Singh, the eminent Gandhian from Bihar, was the star on the second day of the EmPeace LABS international conference, which had brought together community youth leaders from African countries to work on Empowerment for Peace through Leadership in Agribusiness and Sustainability. Prof Singh, born in 1927, was a part of Gandhiji's Satyagraha movement during his school days, and later on, an active aide to Vinoba Bhave and the Bhoodan movement.As a social activist, he participated in freedom movement of India in 1942 under Gandhi's leadership and also suffered imprisonment for 21 months when the government had suppressed all civil and political rights and imposed Emergency during 1975-77. He was elected to the Lok Sabha with a margin of 1.86 lakh votes thereafter. He will be forever remembered in the annals of Bihari history for raising his voice against inhuman blinding of undertrial prisoners in jail (known as the Bhagalpur blinding case) before the Supreme Court and had moved a PIL for the protection of the rights of the landless people. As a Gandhian peace activist, he has organized about 70 youth peace camps and helped to set up departments of Gandhian Studies and Peace Research. He was president of the Indian Society of Gandhian Studies.The international workshop at the Gandhi Research Foundation at Jain Hills had brought youth leaders from Africa face to face with Gandhi and contemporary applications of Gandhian thought in development in ways they had never dreamed of, and to them this self-effacing Gandhian from Bihar was a thing of wonder.\"I am struck by his humility,\" said Tsonam Cleanse Akpeelo, a software professional and community leader from Ghana. Prof Ram Jee Singh has earned three doctorate degrees - a PhD in Jainism, a DLitt. in Hindu thought and another DLitt. in political science in Gandhism and was awarded an emeritus fellowship. He has authored and edited about 50 books on Gandhism and Indian Philosophy and Culture. He was also vice- chancellor of the Jain University, and a panel speaker at the International Philosophical Congress (Brighton) and at Parliament of World Religions (Chicago, 1993), and Cape Town (2001). He was secretary and president of All India Philosophical Association for about 12 years and also the vice-president of Afro-Asian Philosophical Association.\"Looking at his peace and simplicity, it is evident that he is totally evolved in this Gandhian non-violence thing,\" says Apeeko, who attended the conference with some 40 Africa-based community leaders. The philosophy that peace can be brought about by raising the income and status of farmers makes sense for Ghana, which has a low GDP from agriculture (about 4.5%) while 45% of the population are cultivators.Apeeko hails from south Ghana, while Fati Aziz comes from the north. Her description of the terrain matches that of Bihar: dependent on rainfall, with droughts in the hot months and floods in the rainy season. The weak agricultural value chain, meagre income from crops, and bad road network add to the challenges. She understands that peace is dependent on food security, and looks forward to hearing about practical, affordable and sustainable ways to grow enough for local communities, so that there can be some income from agricultural sources. What is relevant about Gandhi is the strategy to enthuse local people, especially the young, towards practical and non-violent ways to confront lower level apathy, but this must be coupled with inputs and agricultural techniques that help dealing with the pressing question of poverty alleviation.Denise and Elysette, community leaders from Madagascar, were amazed to discover that Ram Jee Singh washes his own clothes every morning, even though he is in his eighties. In the age of washing machines, this is something that urban youth can't understand. They recognized, however, the profound principle behind the action: dignity of labour and self-reliance.\"The African cultures are very similar, at the heart, to the Indian. The youth are in search of meaning, and they will not receive that satisfaction through mindless consumption. It is when you learn to share willingly that you have made the first step for peace,\" says Professor Singh. \"Gandhi, his life and thoughts, have a vital role to play in the 21{+s}{+t} century, if humanity is to survive on earth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985840", "title": "Phone tracker helps actor Dino Morea trace robber hours after theft", "text": "MUMBAI: Technology helped actor Dino Morea and the Bandra police track down a thief within hours of a burglary at the actor's residence in the early hours of Saturday.The actor told TOI, \"I came back home late on Friday and finished packing for a trip to New Delhi. But something about my surroundings felt odd and so I asked the security guard of my building to come and check things around the house. Around 2.30am, I heard a sound on the terrace, but was told there was nothing there. Again around 4am I heard another sound and opened my eyes to see an intruder standing three feet away from me!\"Morea added, \"He was trying to steal my iPad, but the charger fell from his hands and he noticed me looking at him. He ran into the bathroom and I gave chase, but he escaped from the window. When I switched on the lights, I saw all my belongings were scattered around the room. My wallet with Rs 9,000 in it was gone, so were two iPhones and a diamond ring. I immediately called the police and they arrived within minutes.\"Morea had installed a phone tracker on his handset, which helped him and the cops catch the thief. He said, \"I switched on the tracker but there was no trace of the phone's location. But a couple of hours later, the application tracked the stolen phone to a slum in Byculla. We managed to nab the thief there. He told cops he had been surveying my house for a while.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16986443", "title": "Cop attacked at checkpost in Dahod, rifle stolen", "text": "VADODARA: An assistant sub-inspector (ASI) on duty at a checkpost in Dahod district in the wake of assembly polls was seriously injured in an attack by unidentified persons on Saturday morning. The rifle of another policeman was stolen in the same incident.The policemen were posted at Navagam checkpost to keep vigil for any possible movement of liquor, money or other items in view of assembly polls in the state. The checkpost is at a crossroads from where small roads lead to neighbouring Madhya Pradesh. They had dozed off early in the morning when the incident took place.According to police, ASI Vaghabhai Abhabhai, police constable Babubhai Virabhai and two Gram Rakshak Dal (GRD) jawans were on duty on the checkpost. The GRD jawans left in the early hours on Saturday even as the ASI and the constable remained there.Deputy superintendent of police P J Sarang said the ASI was inside the tent even as the police constable, who was sitting at some distance, dozed off. \"Unidentified persons hit the ASI with a blunt object, leaving him unconscious even as the rifle of the constable was taken away,\" Sarang said.Sources said the incident took place sometime between 4 am and 5.30 am. The constable woke up later and found his rifle as well as cap missing. He rushed to the tent to inform the ASI regarding his rifle, but found him lying injured and bleeding on a cot there. He informed other police officials and called an ambulance at the spot.The ASI was taken to Dahod Civil Hospital initially from where he was rushed to Vadodara for treatment. Officials said since the constable was not aware of what transpired, only the ASI may be able to throw light on the incident. The ASI is seriously injured and is unconscious. The ASI's wallet was found at some distance from the checkpost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989850", "title": "R D Chaudhary announces Neel Kanth", "text": "R D Chaudhary recently announced his next movie 'Neel Kanth' under the banner of Option Art in Mumbai. He also said that the movie is completely commercial with a total of eight songs. The film will start its shoot from December in Gujrat and Bihar.Suraj Shah will be acting for the first time in Bhojpuri film industry. Suraj Shah, Dabloo Singh, Yogesh Tripathi are the main stars in the film. Rest of the cast is yet to be decided.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991608", "title": "Shikha Singh return with Chabbis Gyarah", "text": "Her role of Amba in Color's TV show Naa Aana Is Des Laado not only earned her many accolades but also made her a household name. Wondering who are we talking about? Well, it's none other than the talented and power house performer Shikha Singh who is all set to return on TV with Life OK's Chabbis Gyarah.Chabbis Gyarah which is loosely inspired by the Mumbai blasts has some of the popular actor's of the small screen like Aditi Shiwaikar, Raju Kher, Alan Kapoor and is being produced by Sphere Origin.Sources inform that Shikha has been roped into play a negative role on the show. She will play a terrorist who said to be the master mind behind the terrorist activities. The promos of Chabbis Gyarah is currently on-air and the show will hit the screens soon.When contacted, Shikha said, \"Yes, I am doing the show but I can't reveal anything on my role. All I can say at this point of time is that I will play an antagonist on the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991736", "title": "Hadn't found music would have been bad: Justin", "text": "Justin Bieber , who has amassed a fortune of 70 million pounds and is not even 18 yet, has revealed that his life would have been bad had he not found music.The teen sensation's debut album went double platinum at the age of 16.\"What happened was I found something I wanted to be good at,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying.\"I wasn't good at school because I had no passion for it. If I hadn't found music my life would have been bad.\"My family are all poor, so the cycle would have continued. My kids would have been poor, and their kids would have been too. I feel I broke the cycle, and when you get to break the cycle, you don't go back,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985597", "title": "Youth assaulted at Mayo hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: Violence and assault cases continue at Mayo Hospital despite police presence. On Saturday morning, a 20-year-old Kunal Nane was attacked by a group of armed youths in presence of many people near Ward no. 2 in Mayo hospital.However, timely action by senior officers who had were already at the hospital for Dobre assault case prevented the attack from turning worse. The cops rushed and arrested the attackers and shifted Nane for treatment.Tehsil police have registered a case of attempt to murder, and suspect old rivalry behind the attack.Nane, a sweeper and a resident of Servant Quarters behind Mayo Hospital, was also booked for attempt to murder last year. He suffered more than 12 stab injuries and battling for life.Police said that last year Kunal had stabbed the accused Ramesh Ludel's aide. Around 10am, Ludel and his three sons called Kunal to have a word with them. As soon as he came, they attacked him with swords and other sharp weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16990993", "title": "Formula E no competition for F1: Bernie Ecclestone", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone on Sunday ridiculed the proposed Formula E series, which claims to be environment-friendly, calling the concept \"lawn-mower\" and insisting that it is \"stupid\" to consider it a competition to F1.Asked how he sees the new series, which will begin from 2014 with 10 races, Ecclestone flatly rejected the very idea.\"I think those sort of things are lawn-mowers. I am not very supportive of this,\" Bernie Ecclestone said.FIA President Jean Todt has signed an agreement with a group of investors -- Formula E Holdings Ltd (FEH)-- to stage the Formula E series, which will have 10 teams and 20 drivers.The Electric Prix will be different from F1 races. These races will happen in one day.The pole position will be the result of playoffs, with cars racing against another, in a format similar to tennis or the Champions League.And in the pit-stop, the driver will not change tyres or batteries, but the car itself.Does Ecclestone sees a competition from Formula E in future? \"That would be stupid,\" he said.Alejandro Agag, the CEO of Formula E, had said that the series was a future-centric championship.\"The global demand for electric vehicles is growing all the time and we are reflecting that in the sport. This is history in the making and a chance to inspire future generations to curb carbon emissions.\"\"The automotive industry is currently going through a process of significant transformation that will become increasingly visible. In this transformation, the electric car will play a key role as the most practical way to achieve the goal of more efficient and environmentally friendly vehicles,\" Agag had said.Agag, who already supports teams in the GP2 and GP3 series, did not want a comparison with F1.\"We don't compare ourselves to F1. We are not the electric F1, as Luca Montezzemolo said recently, we are Formula E, which is a completely different concept.\"We think F1 is great, and I myself have been part of that world, through my GP2 Team (feeder series to F1) for many years. You cannot compare Skiing and Snowboard. I can guarantee you something, we will be the fastest and most exciting Electric Car Championship in the world,\" he had stated.The Formula E races will last about an hour in total and each driver will have two cars. The cars will have a charge lasting around 25 minutes, so there will be a change whilst the first car is re-charged and then another change to the original car for the last part of the race.The cars will be single seaters, able to reach speeds of over 200km per hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16990029", "title": "Grand launch of Dehshat and Hathiyar", "text": "Producer Shambhu Pandey who has produced movies like 'Sawariya I Love You' recently held a grand muhurath of his two upcoming films. The films were launched at Alka Yagnik's studio. Shambhu Pandey has teamed up with Waseem Khan for this movie. Film will be directed by Ashol Tripathi.At the launch Ashok Tripathi also said that both the films are totally action packed but complete entertainer. Haider Qazmi was invited as the chief guest at the event.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986447", "title": "Cleaner dies as van overturns in Tiruvallur, 6 hurt", "text": "CHENNAI: The cleaner of a van died and six others were injured after the vehicle hit a median and overturned in Tiruvallur on Friday morning.Police said Murugesan, a retired village administrative officer, and his five family members were going in the van to the Chennai airport where they were to board a plane for Malaysia. At Sevvapet on the Tiruvallur-Poonamallee High Road the van smashed into the median and overturned. The van driver, Parasuraman, panicked and fled.On receiving the information, police reached the spot and pulled out the cleaner, E Jayakumar, 31, of Ammayar Kuppam near Sholinghur, who was trapped under the vehicle. Police took him to the government hospital in Tiruvallur where he was declared dead on arrival.Murugesan and his five family members were admitted to the same hospital. The family later cancelled their trip to the southeast Asian country.Police registered a case and launched a hunt for the van driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16986300", "title": "Laugh to your fill as country's finest comedians perform in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Humour lovers were in for a treat on Saturday evening as some country's most popular stand-up comedians took the stage in the city. East India Comedy opened Laughathon, a two-day-long mega humour event in Coimbatore, with stand-up comedian Sorabh Pant leading the three-hour show.The large crowd had its fill of laughter as he took up contemporary social issues and, of course, and passed them through a unique comic prism.\"For over 190 years the East India Company mocked the Indian public. In exchange for their personal laughs, they gave us some cricket, a couple of trains and really ugly queens. Now, it's our turn,'' he started the show, the first take being on the name of the company.\"Presenting The East India Comedy - an Indian comedy company established by Indian comedians with the noble initiative of providing comedy solutions in exchange for tons of hard, cold cash!'' he announced the launch of the humour fest to the delight of hundreds of people.\"Everybody loves a good laugh; and for those who are passionate about comedy, the biggest humour fest is showcasing the best of stand-up comedians of the country,'' said Ramesh A Nichani, chairman of Humour Society of Coimbatore, in his opening remarks.The sixth edition of the laugher marathon is being organized by the society in association with The Times of India and Kirtilal Group of Business Ventures.The programme began with the Humour Society prayer, which sought the help of almighty to keep people humorous and comedy-loving to avoid clashes and enmity. Then society president and leading physician Dr G Lakshmipathy won applause from audience through his brief but captivating 'breaking news' satire programme.Then the stage was set for Sorabh Pant, who looked at the past and present through the lens of humour and satire. He was supported by comedians Kunal Rao, Sapan Verma and Sahil Shah.The programme progressed with interesting skits, stand-up numbers and closed with an interaction with the audience, who were asked to suggest situations or persons to make comedy comments. From corruption to communalism, they had many issues to comment on.The show will continue on Sunday. Aditti Mithal and Vir Das are the stars for the evening. Mithal, who is in her twenties, is one of the very few women comedians in the country. Das needs no introduction as many of numbers have a large following in the country and elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16985254", "title": "Lewis Hamilton's helmet outsourced to India!", "text": "Lewis Hamilton likes to keep things fresh. Take, for example, the design of his helmet. Hamilton is one of the few drivers who changes his helmet design every few races. For the Indian Grand Prix, the McLaren driver, who's due to move to Mercedes after the end of this season, is wearing a specially commissioned helmet with a motivational message in Hindi, \"Apne aap main vishwas karo, toh kucch namumkin nahi hai (Believe in yourself enough, and anything is possible).\"Interestingly, it was Karun Chandhok who arranged for the helmet. Hamilton and Chandhok get their helmets painted by Jason Fowler, one of the leading specialists in the field, and Fowler asked Chandhok to suggest an idea.Chandhok thought a motivational message in Hindi might be just the thing and then turned to his manager Murali Sasidharan, who cried off the challenge citing his lack of ease with the language. But it was Sasidharan's wife Sarah Gideon who helped Chandhok, who won his first ever pole in the World Endurance Championship in Shanghai on Saturday, to come up with the line.No spectators, or just too many?Tickets sales have been low and fears that it might be a poorly-attended race have been growing every day. It's a general second-year trend experienced by circuits all across the world. If the crowd turnout on Saturday was any indication, though, Sunday's attendance figures might not be all that bad.The JPSI offices are keeping a close watch on the figures and they believe that Saturday's qualifying session attracted more people than it did last year. Last year 94,800 people turned up on Sunday, making getting out of the circuit an arduous process. Will that fear keep people away from watching the battle between Vettel and Alonso?It's heating up in SauberThe interiors of the Sauber hospitality area is calm and quiet. But the environs heat up as soon as Sergio Perez comes down for a chat. The McLaren-bound Perez was apparently not too pleased after the team benched him for the first practice session of on Friday citing his bad cold. \"I was feeling very okay and would have been able to drive in the first session. The team asked me not to drive,\" the Mexican driver they call 'Checo' said. Sauber must have been preparing for time after Perez by giving another Mexican, Esteban Guitterez, a go to keep sponsors happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16987803", "title": "CT Ravi acquired land illegally: Congress", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district Congress has warned that documents related to higher education and district in-charge minister CT Ravi's alleged involvement in acquiring 150 acres of forest land near Marle village in Chikmagalur district will be released in three days.Former Congress MLA K Vijaykumar Shetty alleged that CT Ravi has illegally acquired 75 cents of land for Anjaneya Education Seva Trust run by Ravi's wife Pallavi. \"Lokayukta has submitted a report against Ravi for encroaching the government's land, but still the government has not confiscated it from the minister. Within three days, we will release the documents pertaining to Ravi's involvement in acquiring a lake near his coffee estate in Chikmagalur and Ravi's involvement in carrying out quarrying in 150 acres forest land which has been encroached by him,\" he said.Ravi in his declaration to Lokayukta in 2004 showed that he owned property worth Rs 10 lakh and in 2011, it was properties worth Rs 2 crore, Vijaykumar said.\"AICC president Sonia Gandhi on her visit to the city recently had said that Karnataka government has not maintained proper accounts of funds released by the central government to the state. It is unfortunate that Ravi criticized Sonia terming her auditor. If Ravi continues to attack Sonia, Congress workers will gherao him when he comes to Dakshina Kannada district,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16986555", "title": "Twelve held for illegal slaughter", "text": "MARGAO: Twelve persons were arrested on Saturday morning for illegal slaughter of cows in a room next to the Quba Masjid located at Khareband, Margao, on Saturday.Based on a complaint filed by Padmanab Pai, who said that illegal slaughter of cows was taking place at Khareband, Margao, police rushed to the spot at around 11.15 am. They found that three cows had been slaughtered, and proceeded to arrest twelve accused persons under Sections 4, 5 and 8 of the Goa Animal Preservation Act, 1985, read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code .The names of the accused are Javed Sheikh from Dabolim, Salim Ahmed from Khareband, Rafiq Bappari from Baina, Asif Noor Bappari from Vasco, Habib Shaikh from housing board -Margao, Mookdum Bappari from Sada, Vasco, Sherafat Ali from Khareband, Wasim Ahmed from Khareband, Azad Ahmed from Navelim, Maula saab from Shirvordem- Navelim, Salim Bappari from Khareband and Maula Saab from Shirvordem -NavelimMargao police officials added that the accused persons were let off on bail after the offences were registered against them, and that the remains of the three slaughtered cows were handed over to the veterinary services. They added that the police were investigating to see if there are any more such incidents in the city, and whether or not the accused persons had acquired any permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16992613", "title": "Jumbo Abhimanyu is brave like mythological Abhimanyu", "text": "MYSORE: For forest department officials, 46-year-old Abhimanyu is the 'king of forest, trouble-shooter and AK-47' -- all rolled into one.Whenever officials face threat from rogue elephants, they summon Abhimanyu. He has even gone to Sarguja district a part of Chattisgarh now (it was in Madhya Pradesh then) to catch 22 rogue elephants, which gave sleepless nights to the locals for five years in early 1990. He was also taken to Goa to capture an elephant, and to Orissa to train mahouts in capturing wild elephants. Abhimanyu has helped officials in 100 elephant-capture operations in the last three decades.Officials describe the pachyderm as courageous and reliable. Be it during elephant-catching operation or while taming captured wild elephants or during rescue operation, he has always lived up to their expectations.Abhimanyu, who on Friday left Mysore after participating in Dasara celebrations, was taken directly to Veeranahosahalli to rescue a trapped wild elephant.\"Abhimanyu is daring. No matter how rouge the elephants are, he takes command and executes the task successfully,\" says his mahout Vasantha, who has been with Abhimanyu since his childhood days. \"Moreover, Abhimanyu protects us under any cirucmstance,\" says the 30-year-old mahout. Raju is the kavadi now.\"Earlier, Abhimanyu was looked after by my father Sanna. I was kavadi to him for over a decade. After my father's retirement two years ago, I took over as Abhimanyu's mahout. He has grown more daring and faithful over the years,\" Vasantha explained.Vet D N Nagaraj, who looks after Dasara elephants, told STOI that they feel safe when Abhimanyu is around during operations. \"He is dependable and we are sure that he will protect us in case of attack by wild elephants. Abhimanyu has so far been used in over 100 elephant-catching operations,\" he added.When two wild elephants had stalked the city in June 2011, Abhimanyu was pressed into service to tame the young elephant. His services were also utilized to catch a tiger in HD Kote taluk in August this year. \"For any animal rescue or catching operations, Abhimanyu is our first option, Arjuna comes next,\" the vet said.Abhimanyu, now 46, was captured in Hebballa forest range in Kodagu district in 1977. He has been participating in Dasara celebrations for the past 14 years, and he drags 'Ane Gadi' wherein a band of musicians attached to KARP mounted company perform at Vijayadashami procession.Elephant Abhimanyu is more like Abhimanyu of Mahabharatha. He has do-or-die attitude and never steps back, come what may. I have christened him as 'AK-47' and he is our saviour. Rouge elephants try to attack us after darting drug during rescue/ catching operations, but Abhimanyu protect us in such circumstances. We can't describe his valour. Recently, he fought with two elephants simultaneously in Magadi and brought them under control within five minutes, says B C Chittiappa, assistant director, bannerghatta biological park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16987742", "title": "Dasara: Aircraft joyrides may be extended", "text": "MYSORE: The aircraft joyrides, introduced for the first time this Dasara, were a huge hit and enthused by the response, the Government Flying Training School has decided continue them next year with additional aircraft.In all, 296 persons enjoyed the Maharaja (104 persons) and Yuvaraja (192 persons) packages.Assistant Flight Instructor (GFTS) Madhurima Mukherjee told STOI the district administration has requested GFTS to extend the joyrides till October 30 because of the demand. The GFTS decision is awaited. Mysoreans and tourists from all walks of life enjoyed joyrides over the Heritage City.The two aircraft -- Cessna 152 and Cessna 172 - were the star attractions. The Maharaja and Yuvaraja packages took off from Mandakalli airport, flew over Chamundi Hills, Mysore Palace and Lalith Mahal Palace. Each ride lasted for about 20 minutes and both aircraft performed about 40 sorties every day.Madhurima said each flight was incredible so were the passengers. \"Given this wonderful experience, I'd like to be here next Dasara too\".It was initially tough to obtain permission from the DGCA and the green signal was given at the last moment. But these joyrides made this Dasara special,\" said deputy commissioner PS Vastrad. He added, \"Given the response, we want to continue the joyrides next Dasara and we requested them to add one more aircraft. It'll help more people take this flight.\"GFTS director Naveen Raj Singh said those went on the joy rides requested them to start a Bangalore-Mysore air service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989402", "title": "I wasn\u2019t prepared for this eviction: Sayantani", "text": "In her short stint of three weeks, Sayantani Ghosh has been one of the most calm and adjusting housemates of the Bigg Boss house. The actress had struck a good rapport with all the inmates and actively participated in household chores and tasks. Excerpts from an interview with the actress.How does it feel to get out of the Bigg Boss house? It feels good. I met my family after so long. I also came to know that during this time my father underwent a surgery; his kidney had to be removed. So now, I can be with him.Given a chance, would you like to go back to Bigg Boss house again? I was not prepared for this early eviction. I wanted to stay more and I really enjoyed those three weeks that I was inside. So given a chance I would happily go back.Why do you think you were eliminated? Firstly, I wasn't nominated the normal way, for whatever reasons. When I was eliminated, the rule was to pick up two people you would like to save and not those two you'd want eliminated. We were seven people in the house who were working hard, so maybe the people saved those six, who were working harder. Had it been the other way, my name wouldn't have been picked up. Also, I expected a lot of votes from Bengal, especially Kolkata. I guess it didn't come because it was Durga Puja and people were busy enjoying the festival.Your experience in the house. It was like a roller coaster ride. Sometimes it was emotional, at other times it felt like I was back to school. It was fun because I got to do things I wouldn't otherwise have done. I think I have learnt a lot. It made me realize how much I had taken my near and dear ones for granted. I am more mentally prepared for tough situations. It was basically a smaller version of the society, which has people you like and don't like and how you manage. It was a balancing act, to gel with different people and different thought processes.Tell us one happy and sad moment inside the house. There were fun moments. I loved it when I was made to sing. I didn't know I could sing that well. I was even called the FM channel of the house. I didn't like people fighting over coffee and food. It was very foolish. This time I had planned to spend Pujas in Kolkata, so I regret having missed it.You were very close to Delnaaz Irani. What do you think Rajiv Paul is doing? Is he really in love with his ex-wife? From the very beginning, Delnaaz has handled her divorce gracefully. To her, Rajiv is just another contestant. But Rajiv has been overreacting and everybody is literally laughing about it. He is just doing all this to hog the limelight. Come on, wooing your ex-wife is unbelievable.Who do you think will win this season? I think Vrajesh should win because he is the most genuine person out there. He is entertaining by nature and is not doing it for the camera. If he has a point of view, he also has the courage to honestly put it across in front of everyone.One contestant you didn't like. Sampatji. She gets on to your nerves. Her lifestyle is also very unhygenic. She refuses to listen to anybody and doesn't care about anyone. For example, if there is a crisis of food, she will come and eat everything while others end up under eating. Not that she doesn't realize, because she is very intelligent otherwise. It is just very difficult to tackle her.When is the wedding bell ringing for you? I want to get married by next year, but nothing has been decided as of now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16281251", "title": "I was still in the boxing ring post wedding: Mary Kom", "text": "Women and sports is no more an incompatible pair once thought an 'abnormal' relationship. The gender barrier struggle has eased over the years.There is more encouragement for women now to walk the path of stalwarts Mary Kom, Sania Mirza , P.T. Usha and alike that seemed a difficult terrain earlier. While this is surely good news, somewhere, we can't help but ask how a sportswoman fares when it comes to performing the traditional roles of a wife and a mother. We look for answers in some prominent women sports personalities who tell us what it means to play a master juggler managing family and sports. 'What comes first', 'which is priority' and 'why' are the 'Ws' that often leave the woman dazzled. Let's learn the secrets from these experts themselves...I never missed the box er in me after marriage: Mary KomShe is the 'Queen of ring', an inspiration, a fighter and above all our country's pride. Boxer Mary Kom has been crowned countless epithets after her impressive innings at the London Olympics 2012. Beneath this larger than life persona, however, breathes the heart of a wife and mother we cannot be indifferent to. Her art of adjustment, balancing and commitment is well reflected in the way she has anchored her family life. If marriage was a responsibility of a lifetime, her identity as a boxing champion was a dream she nurtured every day. She did not let go of any...How did Mary weigh one over the other, were there any sacrifices and battles she had to conquer and win before she could fight her opposition in the ring? \"When I first embraced boxing and recognised my love for the sport, I had to convince my parents, clear their doubts and eventually see them accept my decision. After marriage, my sports routine changed in so far my daily normal practice sessions were concerned. Prior to competitions though, I would fully immerse myself in training,\" says Mary Kom.She is happy to tell us that the boxer in her never went missing after her marriage to husband K Onler Kom; on the contrary she excelled more. \"I was still in the ring post wedding. Only after giving birth to my twins did I have to wait for my health's recovery. It is not easy to bring up a child, it happened to be twin sons with me. My husband played both a father and mother to my children once I resumed my game. He never let my absence from home create a gap between us,\" says Mary, a proud wife. When it comes to realising the Olympic dream, Mary is fortunate to have been supported by her husband and in-laws in more ways than one, \"My family and in-laws assisted my husband in all decisions taken to the best of my interest. They made me go easy and I gave my all to the game.\"  I weighed 98 kg on my co mebac k: Anju Bobby GeorgeAnother world champion, the first Indian ever to win a medal in Long Jump at the World Championship in Paris and a woman of utmost resilience, Anju Bobby George feels blessed to have been born into a family that groomed the sportsperson in her from a very young age. As if God's grace was on her side, she got married to a person who assumed the role of a husband later and took upon the mantle of being her coach first. As she speaks to us, she cannot help but repeat her husband's name as the only driving source who not only polished her potential as a high jumper but made her rule the sports track for the world to applaud in praise. \"My husband has been with me always. When I came back to sports in 2011 after a gap of three years, I had put on weight, from 62kg I'd become 98kg,\" chuckles Anju. The point is, she was not asked to retire and sit at home taking care of the family after she delivered her baby. \"I started training again and my husband worked harder and both of us eyed for a spot in the London Olympics 2012. Sadly, my neck injury played spoilsport and I had to forego the seat,\" says Anju in a feeble voice but the disappointment did not dent the Arjuna Awardee's spirit. \"My focus would be my game, rest everything would be taken care of. My husband still does all my paper work, travel plans, schedules and takes care of our son when I am touring abroad\".The sportsperson in me was born post marriage: Krishna Poonia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16992558", "title": "Three killed in bomb blast near Sufi shrine in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least three people were killed and 25 others injured when a bomb planted in a bicycle exploded outside a Sufi shrine in northwestern Pakistan today.The police said the remote-controlled bomb was planted in the bicycle near Kaka Sahib Shrine in Nowshera city.A large number of people were present at the time of the blast a fair was organised near the shrine.Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Governor Barrister Masood Kausar and Chief Minister Ameer Haider Khan Hoti have strongly condemned the bomb blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987366", "title": "Gadkari didn\u2019t back me, now he must introspect", "text": "Former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, who played a key role in bringing the BJP to power in the state in 2008, is all set to quit the party. He tells Naheed Ataulla that the BJP has leaders who believe in using and discarding'' party membersNitin Gadkari asked you to step down within 24 hours of the Lokayukta report on illegal mining being submitted. Why doesn't that rule apply to him now?Gadkari should introspect. It is nice to preach; difficult to implement the same. This is a classic case of how the BJP treats its members \u2014\u2014use and throw. Senior leader L K Advani had vowed that he would not step into the Lok Sabha if I didn't step down. When former PM H D Deve Gowda attacked me in Parliament on the Lokayukta report, not a single BJP leader stood up to support me. It was Gadkari who appointed an expert committee to study the Lokayukta report, which gave a clean chit to me. Finally , he did not stand by me.Why didn't Gadkari stand by you?That's because Advani wanted to make Anantha Kumar the CM at any cost. They should have told me directly; I would have made way for Kumar.Why is the BJP central leadership backing Gadkari, when the same gesture was not shown to his predecessor Bangaru Laxman , who was allegedly caught accepting Rs one lakh bribe?Only God knows why they are backing him. But different yardsticks are applied for different leaders in the party. Look at the way Vijayaraje Scindia, Gopinath Munde , Uma Bharti and Kalyan Singh were treated by the party. The central leadership does not like state leaders to grow.With the BJP claiming to attach importance to discipline, why isn't it taking action against you for your anti-party statements?That's also a conspiracy. They are waiting me to leave the party. They are aware that I have a lot of sympathy outside the party.Is everything set for the launch of your new political outfit?It's all decided for December 10 at KLE grounds in Haveri. About four-five lakh people will attend my party's launch besides BJP ministers and legislators. The decision about whether the ministers should quit and attend the party's launch is still being debated. The 10 MPS supporting me will continue in the BJP. There are about 10-11 ministers who feel they should leave the government and join a party opposed to the BJP. Since I made Jagadish Shettar the CM, I should ensure that the government does not fall and my party is also launched. It may become a coalition government (BJP and my party's ministers).Will the ministers and legislators be ready to give up their powers and posts, six months before the BJP government's tenure ends? What will the party be called?They will do what I say. The party will most likely be called Karnataka Janata Party.There is speculation that you will drop all plans of a new party if some BJP national leaders intervene and speak to you .It is 101% certain that I will quit the BJP. Many leaders from New Delhi are trying to get in touch with me. Arun Jaitley tried to get in touch with me during his recent visit to Bangalore. I declined to meet him.How does it feel to end your 40-yearold association with the party ?The BJP gave me a lot and I have also sacrificed my life for it. But some leaders backstabbed me, and I was ditched by the party. I was told within 24 hours of the court granting me relief in the corruption charges that they would make me the CM again. Former CM D V Sadananda Gowda also assured that he would step down any time for me. I was then promised the party president's post.How will you convince people that your new outfit is not another version of BJP ?As CM, all my programmes were secular. I did not discriminate between castes. Former CM D Devaraj Urs was called a champion of backward classes. I gave economic strength to them by sanctioning funds for their programmes. Muslims and Christians are going to get priority in my party.Do you nurse ambitions of becoming CM again ?I see signs of people wanting me back as CM. They want to give me another chance. I will have liberty in my outfit, and will not be in anyone's clutches. People will be my masters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986730", "title": "Modern air cargo hub in city by December", "text": "CHENNAI: The city's airport will get a modern air cargo hub and a fully-automated cargo handling system by December. A senior official, who is part of a team from the Airports Authority of India headquarters that reviewed the two facilities on Saturday, said 90% of the 150 crore project was complete and a trial run was expected to begin in 10 days.\"The existing software is being integrated with the automatic storage and retrieval system (ASRS) and the new cargo complex will be fully operational within a month,\" he said.The new hub, which will include a state-of-the-art mechanised cargo handling area, will sprawl over 58,000sqm space. The present air cargo hub, one of the busiest in the country, serves nearly 30 cargo airlines, including more than 12 exclusive cargo freighters. It is now spread over 26,000sqm.Traders and multi-national companies, who have already started bidding for space in the new hub, expect that it will be able to handle more than six lakh tonnes of cargo, against the 2.5 lakh tonnes of cargo that the existing one handles.The Chennai airport had registered a large number of theft and missing consignment cases in past couple of years due to a poor cargo handling mechanism.Workers who handle and register the consignments used to smuggle items as there was no proper security mechanism or electronic tagging. \"Under ASRS, each consignment will have an electronic tag and can be tracked automatically,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16986512", "title": "Parks turn into clutter zone in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: You may have had a gala time with your friends at Maddox Square during Durga Puja, but if you visit the park now, you are bound to get a rude shock. Heaps of garbage on one side, litter all over the grass and dismantled pandal structure lying everywhere \u2014 this is the picture that will greet you at Maddox Square three days after the Puja.Not only Maddox Square, the situation is same at other parks like Ashoknagar Park in Tollygunge or even Bagbazar Park. A TOI visit to these parks on Saturday found the Puja committees have kept the interests of morning walkers and children on hold as they prepare for Lakshmi Puja.Of all the parks, Maddox Square's post-Puja condition appeared to be the worst. \"The garbage has been lying there for quite some time. Children play cricket here and the park is a hotspot for morning walkers. They are trying to dismantle the pandal and plan to keep only a part of it for Lakshmi Puja. But even that is being delayed,\" said Tapan Biswas, a resident of Ballygunge Place.Some local residents, however, have become used to the delay and voice a different opinion. \"It has always been like this. They will clean up the mess for sure, but only after Lakshmi Puja. The walkers do not face a problem as such,\" said 81-year-old Rabindra Nath Biswas.On the other hand, the Puja committee members have closed down Ashoknagar Park for the locals till Lakshmi Puja. The park at present is filled up with filth, wooden planks and bamboo sheets. \"The park should have ideally been cleared by now. To keep the park occupied is definitely a problem for morning walkers. Children have been suffering since the last one month and now their wait seems to grow longer,\" said Rakesh Kumar Kohli.For 60-year-old LN Goel, who is also a local resident, taking his granddaughters out in the evening has also been a problem since September. \"My one-and-a-half-year-old granddaughter loves coming to the park for its helicopter ride, but everything has been out of bound for the last one month,\" said Goel.Even regulars at Bagbazar Park were left fuming as the organizers have decided to keep the food stalls, gift stalls and fun rides for few more days. \"They should have at least cleared the litter but they want to wait till Lakshmi Puja. People are still coming here and a dirty area looks improper,\" said Paikpara resident Subrata Kumar Basu.Many felt the puja organisers in Maddox Square, Bagbazar and Ashoknagar should have adopted the clean-up model followed by organisers of Santosh Mitra Square and Shyam Park, who have managed to keep their parks strikingly clean despite being huge crowd-pullers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985768", "title": "Virat Kohli defends 'turner tactics' against England", "text": "NEW DELHI: For once, two teams will go into a Test series riding on a month-long debate about the pitches to be played on. If the English pundits have blasted India's so-called tactics to deprive their team of practice against spinners and planning to play on rank turners, the Indian players don't mind the 'give it back' theory. Certainly not Virat Kohli .Kohli, India's leading performer with the bat over the past year and a half, said on Saturday that it's only fair to give the England team a taste of its own medicine.When TOI asked Kohli if he endorses the idea of preparing rank turners for the touring teams, he said: \"Why not? When we toured England and Australia, they gave us the flattest wickets and bowlers bowling at around 125 km/hr knowing we didn't have much time to practice. But they dished out green tops during the Tests. If they have tactics against us why can't we test their temperament? Let them also prove themselves here in India.\"When a series carries a tag of a 'revenge series', mind games seldom stay at bay. Kohli minced no words in pointing out that England batsmen struggle against spin.\"They found it very tough playing against Pakistan . We have all seen it for a while. To be honest, the pitches in UAE weren't exactly turning square. It's obvious that spin is a problem for them but you can't conclude that they would just break down against spin,\" he remarked before taking on Kevin Pietersen. \"KP will be under pressure as he is the only player in their team who plays spin well. He would know that the team's batting will revolve around him. Given the quality of spinners we have, it will be tough for him to sustain that pressure for long. The series will be fun.\"Talking about the loopholes in the technique of the batting line-up, Kohli defended the Indian batsmen who are known to be susceptible against short-pitch stuff. \"I don't know why people say that. I have never seen an Indian batsmen really struggling against short balls. Sehwag, Sachin Tendulkar , Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman... you name anyone who has served Indian cricket, they had very few problems against short balls. I have never seen an Indian batting order being bounced out consistently.\"If you do get out to a bouncer, it's to the bowler's credit. No one complains when batsmen get out playing the cover drive,\" Kohli said, clearly exhibiting the fighter in him who now relishes the opportunity to take up the responsibility of being one of the senior batsmen in the team. \"It's good for us youngsters that we have got the responsibility so early in our careers. Personally, I am enjoying playing that role now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985761", "title": "Reshuffle: CP Joshi, Pilot may grow in stature", "text": "JAIPUR: With the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government at the Centre gearing up for a massive cabinet revamp on Sunday, Rajasthan acquired the centrestage of expected changes with at least three of its ministers being counted in the list of leaders likely to grow in stature.Sources said union ministers CP Joshi , Anand Sharma and Sachin Pilot would be given bigger responsibilities in the government, while Lok Sabha MP from Nagaur Jyoti Mirdha could be inducted into the cabinet.A meeting between union surface transport and highways minister Joshi and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi around Saturday afternoon led to strong speculations that he could be asked to retain the railway portfolio that was recently entrusted upon him as an additional charge.Commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma, a Rajya Sabha member from Rajasthan, was said to be leading the race to be the next external affairs minister. SM Krishna was the first to resign on Friday as the external affairs minister in the run up for the cabinet reshuffle.There were reports that as the Congress-led UPA government wished to send across the message of a 'strong party, young government' through the latest reshuffle, the union ministers of state like Sachin Pilot, Jyotiraditya Scindia and Milind Deora could be assigned bigger responsibilities. Sources said Pilot was likely to be given independent charge as a minister. At the same time, young Nagaur MP and Jat leader Jyoti Mirdha could find a place in the cabinet as a MoS.At the same time, among the union ministers who resigned to pave way for the reshuffle, Rajasthan's Congress affairs in-charge and social justice and empowerment minister Mukul Wasnik was the first (along with information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni ) to submit papers to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday. Soon after, minister of state for tribal affairs Mahadev Singh Khandela also resigned. President Pranab Mukherjee accepted the resignations of Wasnik and Khandela, along with five other union ministers.Khandela, the Jat leader who was in news for allegedly being treated 'shoddily' by the authorities at Sonia's public rally in Dudu, is likely to be shunted out from the cabinet. The Congress is expecting to keep the politically powerful Jats in good humour by including Mirdha as a minister from the state.Sources said Wasnik was likely to be made Maharashtra PCC chief and could be relieved of his responsibilities as in-charge of Congress affairs in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16990641", "title": "Commuter activist opposes waiting charges in autos", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Grahak Panchayat has strongly opposed auto/taxi drivers demanding waiting charges from passengers.The present waiting charge is 100 metres for every minute. So, it is Rs 1 per minute if you travel by auto and it is Rs 1.20 per minute in taxis.\"Why should commuters pay for waiting time when the tariff card does not make any mention about it ?'' pointed out Shirish Deshpande. He said that it was inappropriate for drivers to demand waiting charges. The meters have been recalibrated with the waiting charge component included in it. The moment an auto waits at a traffic signal or in a traffic jam, the waiting counter keeps ticking. It increments in seconds and passengers can see the total waiting period at the end of journey. The calculation being simple, passengers have to pay approximately Rs 1 per minute for waiting.\"But this is not fair. If there is a waiting charge for commuters, then why does the tariff card say that the fare is distance multiplied by Rs 9.87 for autos. If there are hidden charges, it is unacceptable to commuters. There should be total transparency,'' he demanded.State transport commissioner V N More said that the waiting charge was legal. \"It existed in all autos and taxis in the past and is nothing new. There is no need for MGP to make a hue and cry about it. Drivers have to spend on fuel during waiting period and this is a compensation for them,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985641", "title": "Endangered wild buffaloes being cloned", "text": "NAGPUR: After producing world's first cloned buffalo calf in 2009, scientists of Animal Biotechnology Centre with National Dairy Research Institute (NDRI), Karnal (Haryana), are researching on cloning the endangered wild buffalo.\"NDRI has signed an memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Chhattisgarh government. Scientists from NDRI, who cloned world's first buffalo, collected genetic samples of the lone wild buffalo female 'Asha' from Udanti-Sitanadi tiger reserve a week ago,\" confirmed Ram Prakash, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) for wildlife, Chhattisgarh.Ram Prakash told TOI that the Rs80 lakh project funded by the state government is for a period of two years. As per scientists, the cloned wild buffalo will be an exact genetic carbon copy of the original in captivity in Udanti.Only India, Nepal, Bhutan and Thailand have wild buffaloes. In Central India, wild buffaloes are found only in Udanti, Indravati tiger reserve and Gadchiroli. The animals are vital as these have not hybridized with domestic forms as is the case in North-East where 1,500 animals are estimated. However, owing to poaching and government apathy, Central India's wild buffalo population has declined by 80%.Udanti in Chhattisgarh is left with only nine original wild buffaloes. It includes eight males and a lone female. An in-situ breeding programme to save wild buffaloes from becoming extinct is going on for the past five years in Udanti.\"The lone female mated with males has only delivered male calves. At least five wild buffaloes are kept in 20 hectare enclosure resembling a forest. We are worried and hence decided to clone wild buffaloes. 'Asha' has two-three issues to go. This time she is pregnant again and we pray she delivers females,\" Ram Prakash said.Maharashtra has proposed to declare 187 sq km area in Kolamarka in Gadchiroli as wild buffalo sanctuary. These mammals keep migrating from Indravati to Gadchiroli.NDRI scientists produced world's first cloned buffalo calf in 2009 and then another cloned calf in 2010 through the new and advanced 'hand-guided cloning technique'.Dr S K Singla, principal scientist with NDRI's Cloning Project, was shy of admitting that an MoU with Chhattisgarh for cloning wild buffalo has been signed. \"It is too premature to say anything at this stage,\" Dr Singla added.Divisional forest officer (DFO) of Udanti Ashutosh Mishra confirmed that Rs10 lakh has already been released to NDRI. \"NDRI has been entrusted with the task looking at its experience and equipment with its lab,\" Mishra said.Scientists collected embryonic stem cells from ear of 'Asha'. These donor cell will be cultured and grown in the lab to develop them to the stage of blastocyst. The blastocysts will be transferred to recipient buffalo. Scientists feel embryonic stem cells had better cloning ability.\"We are optimistic. The success of the research will go a long way in conserving wild buffaloes,\" said Mishra. The species is in the Red List of International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). It is also a Schedule I animal under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16986086", "title": "California declares November as Sikh-American awareness month", "text": "Yudhvir RanaAMRITSAR: United Sikhs, an NGO working in the United States , has invited all Californian youths to participate in Sikh Youth Voices Promoting Diversity, a video contest, to share their story about Sikh culture and their experience standing up to bullying with November 2012 being declared as 'Sikh-American awareness and appreciation month' by Californian legislature.United Sikh director Jatinder Singh told TOI on Saturday that they had asked Sikhs to create a 3-8 minute video which talks about Sikh culture, the experience of being a Sikh, ways to make social environment more welcoming and increasing awareness against bullying of Sikh youths with real solutions. \"The videos can include a monologue, short skits, re-enactments, a rap song, a slide-show, artistic drawings expressing their experience or any other innovative ways they think to solve the problem,\" he said.He added that state superintendent of public instruction, Tom Torlakson , had sent a letter to notify all county and district superintendents and charter school administrators that the Californian legislature had declared November 2012 to be California Sikh-American awareness and appreciation month.He had also encouraged local educational agencies to observe the month by conducting commemorative exercises to promote awareness of the contributions of Sikh Americans to California's history. \"Our team encourages Sikh youths to take this opportunity to share their experiences and educate the community about Sikh culture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987454", "title": "Ahmedabad gets 10th dancing night", "text": "At the inaugural night of the Times Ahmedabad Festival on Saturday, Shankar Mahadevan was accompanied by one of the largest and the most enthusiastic choruses that the city has ever seen in recent times. The chorus not only augmented the intensity of Mahadevan's blockbuster performance , but also radiated the glow of enjoyment. And the chorus was the Amdavadi audience on the Karnavati Club Lawns!It is apt that the festival began with the Mahadevan show. Not only does he bring to bear on his performances classical beauty, but also the explosive allure of a rock event. The crowd, which became an important part of the performance, loved the experience to the point of being in thrall. The most beautiful moment came early in the evening when Mahadevan urged the audience \u2014 yet to be warmed up at that stage \u2014 to kick the chairs and start dancing .The lead was taken by an elegant lady who kicked the chair as well as decades of her life to enter innocent teenage abandon. She provided the tipping point\u2014 the chorus was formed soon thereafter. Mahadevan began with a Ganesh Stuti. Then he began to work the crowd. \"Ahmedabad, you rock!\" he cried out. He paid tribute to the BRTS. The crowd was won over. Then followed back-to-back super hits: 'Dil chahta hai' , 'Salame ishq' , and 'Rock on!' The progamme was in effect Mahadevan's breathtaking resume. That his show was packed with chart-toppers indicates not only his longevity but also his continuing relevance . If 'Pretty woman' proved to be an inventive take on Roy Orbison's timeless classic, then 'Sajda' from 'My name is Khan' showed that Mahadevan can delve into a uniquely Indian poignancy. Both songs were performed at the show. As was 'Breathless' which breathed new energy into Indian music. The finale, 'Senorita' seemed too far away at the time because the audience had surrendered to Mahadevan's genius and wanted the evening to never end. The encore for 'Taare zameen par' \u2014 during which he asked the audience members to sway with their mobiles \u2014 was a truly stellar moment. \"Let us bring the stars down,\" he said. That magic did indeed happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986742", "title": "Woman\u2019s death turns out to be murder, hubby held", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old man was arrested in Padi on Saturday on charges of strangling his wife and making it appear like a case of natural death. Police said Madi Prakash, a private firm employee, married Vanaja, 28, two years ago and the couple lived on Anna Street at Avai Nagar in Padi with their daughter.On September 9, he told neighbours that his wife had fainted and with their help took her to a private hospital where doctors declared her \"brought dead\". A case of natural death was registered and the body buried.A few days ago, Vanaja's sister Kalaiarasi, who had in the meantime conducted her own investigations, lodged a police complaint saying she thought Vanaja had been killed. She said neighbours and friends of the couple had told her that they had frequent quarrels.Further suspicion, she said, was aroused by the fact that within days of his wife's death Madi Prakash began looking for a girl to marry.Based on the complaint from Kalaiarasi, a resident of Korattur, police exhumed the body four days ago and sent it for post mortem. The autopsy report said Vanaja had been strangled.Police then summoned Madi Prakash who confessed during interrogation to commting the murder. He told police he had come home on September 9 and was about to open a bottle of liquor when Vanaja objected to him drinking. A huge fight ensued and Madi Prakash smothered her with a pillow and later strangled her with her dupatta.The police produced Madi Prakash before the Ambattur court and remanded him to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986074", "title": "Shapoorji Pallonji to set up LNG terminal in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mumbai-based infrastructure major Shapoorji Pallonji has decided to set up an LNG import terminal in a joint venture with Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd in Gujarat. The LNG terminal is a fresh addition to the company's plans to set up an integrated deepwater port and a power plant at Kodinar taluka of Junagadh.\"It will be a deepwater port, along with a major liquefied natural gas importing terminal and a 2,000-MW power generating plant,\" said company officials.Senior government officials said that with increasing demand for gas in the country companies are firming up plans to enable LNG import terminals. The state currently has two operational LNG terminals at Hazira and Dahej. A third one is being implemented at Mundra and talks are on between Larsen and Toubro (L&T;) and state-owned Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) to set a fourth terminal on a 50:50 partnership near Okha.The company also announced setting up of an Rs 5,000 crore greenfield port on a 500-hectare land, which has been allocated to the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16992857", "title": "Man jailed for 30 years for sodomising, murdering grandson", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been sentenced to 30 years in jail by a Delhi court for strangulating his minor grandson after sodomising him.The court awarded rigorous life imprisonment to convict Raju for murdering the 10-year-old child, while making it clear that he would not be considered for any remission till he serves 20 years of jail term.It also sentenced the convict to 10 years in jail for committing the offence of sodomy, stipulating that both the sentences would be served one after the other.The court also imposed a fine of Rs 1.10 lakh on Raju and said, if recovered, Rs one lakh should be given to the victim's family as compensation.The court, while sentencing the convict, said the case cannot be put on the same pedestal as other ordinary murder case and it falls in the category of rarest of rare case with alternative options of punishment.\"The offence has been committed by a person who is a maternal grandfather in relation to the child. This is nothing short of betrayal of trust, the child must have reposed in the convict...\"This category of perpetrators of crime, if not removed from the circulation in society, would destroy it,\" Additional Sessions Judge Kamini Lau said.According to prosecution, the incident took place in May last year when the victim's father had gone to market to buy household necessities leaving the child in the custody of the accused who was residing in their house at Azadpur in North West Delhi for some days as guest.Raju had taken the boy to a park where he sodomised him and after strangulating the child, threw his body in bushes.When the child's father Acchey Lal returned, he did not find the boy at home and the minor's body was found in bushes at a nearby park the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16985812", "title": "Mega shelter belts proposed in western Raj to contain climate change", "text": "JAIPUR: In Rajasthan, nearly 22.97 million hectares of land are under varying degrees of degradation and desertification. In an effort to end this, the Arid Forest Research Institute in Jodhpur has suggested mega shelter belts in western parts of the state apart from developing intensive green belts along all the roads or canals.\"The climate change has already started showing its effect. Rajasthan is likely to be one of the worst-affected. Proactive measures to mitigate climate change have to be taken now as biotic measures take a long time to bear fruit. Developing mega shelter belts is an ambitious long-term strategy. However, despite the Union government's green mission, we are facing problems like shortage of resources and lack of funding,\" said V S Singh, additional chief secretary, forests and environment.The National Mission for a Green India under the ministry of environment and forests has envisaged a planned investment of $10.3 billion over the next 10 years that can have major developmental impact in more ways than one. \"While some other projects have received good funding, this one is still awaiting a response,\" said Singh.The project is aimed at improving climatic conditions by enhancing ecosystem stability and increasing productivity and carbon stock as well as the livelihood status of desert dwellers.This programme would have a clear target of weather modification by developing a series of mega-shelterbelts, reducing wind speed and controlling sand drift/sand movement-desertification and to improve air quality, habitat condition and livelihood status in the arid western Rajasthan.According to the proposal, four shelter belts are proposed to develop green belts in western Rajasthan, improve climatic condition and sequester carbon. The districts covered under this programme include both arid and semi-arid districts. The proposed shelterbelts would cover Sirohi, Jalore, Barmer, Jaisalmer, Jodhpur, Pali, Ajmer, Nagaur, Bikaner and Ganganagar districts.The project with a cost of Rs 333.44 crore is stretched over a period of 11 years would create shelterbelts over 1,698 km covering four mega shelterbelts with varying length in different districts.\"This is an important strategy in the light of climate change and prediction of Thar expansion over the next 100 years,\" said D N Pandey, member secretary, Rajasthan pollution control board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16985618", "title": "NIT had planned to spend Rs300 crore from own funds for celebrations", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as NIT is facing wrath of citizens and NGOs for allegedly splurging public money on its platinum jubilee celebrations, more details are tumbling out regarding its extravagant expenditure.Citing RTI documents, young law student Ankita Shah, who has filed a PIL in the Bombay High Court, has alleged that NIT had originally planned to bear the entire expenditure of Rs300 crore from its own funds which it had termed as \"excess\". Even the NIT board of trustees had cleared the proposal.Shah also raised a serious question mark as to why NIT had not declared the name of sponsors till filing of PIL a couple of days back. It was only when the petition was filed that NIT chairman Pravin Darade held a press conference to announce sponsors. She also alleged that name of main sponsor - CREDAI - was not mentioned in any advertisement till date and were declared only in press meet on the same day the PIL was filed. Darade refused to speak to TOI. \"I have informed everything in the press meet and there is nothing more to say,\" he said.He blamed TOI of unnecessarily promoting \"vested interests\" of Kamlesh Shah, Ankita's father, calling him a convict in case of warehouse collapse where six people were killed. \"That person wants to settle personal scores with us,\" Darade said.CREDAI secretary Anil Nair told TOI that he had apprised officials to include their name in the promotional activities. However, he was evasive on funds being allocated by their organization to NIT. \"Since it is a noble cause involving general public , we have decided to sponsor it. Even in past, we had offered sponsorship for many such events,\" he said.Nair also failed to give satisfactory answer on which date CREDAI had actually granted sponsorship to NIT. \"I don't remember the date, but the decision was taken by our executive committee after long deliberations. The talks were going on since very long,\" he claimed.Hindu Mahasabha's Mohan Karemore who had also served a legal notice to Darade, stated that NIT should have first developed its 572 and 1900 layouts along with gardens instead of 'wasting money' on such activities. He demanded high-level probe into entire affair.Endorsing him, former ZP member Kunda Raut, who had earlier led a delegation of Zingabai Takli over lack of civic amenities, pointed out that the NIT had started regularizing 1,900 unauthorized layouts some 12 years ago and the area is among one of the localities but had not completed the process even now. In 2002, NIT recovered hefty amounts from Zingabai Takli residents as development charges but so far it failed to even provide basic amenities, she claimed, adding that almost 99% residents had paid the amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16991010", "title": "Relationship helped Kristen play Bella", "text": "Kristen Stewart has revealed that her real-life relationship with Robert Pattinson has helped her to play hopelessly in love Bella Swan in the 'Twilight Saga' franchise.The 22-year-old actress said that she found it easy to play Bella Swan, who is in love with Pattinson's vampire character Edward Cullen, because she has experienced that overwhelming love in real life.\"I know what it's like to love something so much,\" Contact music quoted her as telling 'Entertainment Tonight'.The Hollywood A-list couple recently reconciled after the actor forgave Stewart for cheating on him with married director Rupert Sanders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986583", "title": "Eight months after accident, work on Calvim bridge begins", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the Carona-Calvim bridge in Aldona, Bardez, and assured its completion within eight months. The 494m-long bridge will connect Calvim island, which is a ward of Aldona, to Carona ward on the Aldona mainland. The awarded cost of the bridge is Rs 54.85 crore and it will be built through the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation (GSIDC).The foundation stone for the bridge comes eight months after a bus plunged into the Calvim river killing six persons including four minor school girls. The tragedy occurred on the afternoon of February 18, when the bus approached the jetty on the Carona side and plunged into the river killing its passengers.The passengers, including the school girls were supposed to board the Carona-Calvim ferry to go to their island homes.Remembering the tragedy at the foundation stone-laying ceremony on Saturday, Aldona BJP MLA Glenn Ticlo recollected that Parrikar had rushed to the spot and assured the people of building a bridge there within eight months if elected to power. \"Today, Parrikar has fulfilled his promise,\" Ticlo said.Parrikar said the bridge will not only help the Calvim islanders, but will also shorten the distance for travellers from Mayem to Mapusa by about eight kilometers.The chief minister said that when he formed the GSIDC in 2002, many criticized him for wanting to divert PWD projects to the corporation. \"By the time they realized my intention, we had built 14 bridges in Goa. We created GSIDC as a special purpose vehicle to build within one to one-and-half years, what takes PWD five years to complete,\" Parrikar said, adding that although his government had promised to complete the nearby Corjuem bridge within 16 months, it was completed within 12 months.Parrikar said work is on to identify a site for another new bridge nearby-between Pomburpa and Chorao. He said work on the bridge will start before April 1.Parrikar also criticized the previous Congress government for building bridges \"from nowhere to nowhere\" and for failing to acquire land for approach roads and for reducing the GSIDC into a \"money-making vehicle.\"The chief minister said he is working to erase the mess in the corporation and that the GSIDC will be in top gear within six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16990630", "title": "BEST opposition benches oppose taking loan from BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The opposition parties in BEST committee is gearing up to oppose the loan being taken from BMC at a \"high\" interest rate of 12%.Said Congress member Ravi Raja, \"There is no need to take loan for such a high interest rate. The BMC is the parent body for the BEST and it should waive the interest amount.\"Samajwadi Party member Yakub Memon said that the BMC was charging as per some of the existing bank rates. \"This is ridiculous and our party is opposed to such a loan,'' he stated. He had recently walked out of the committee meeting in protest on the loan issue. The BMC is seeking a five-year loan of Rs 1,600 crore from the BMC to clear its debts. MNS member Kedar Hombalkar said he had approached the BEST accounts department and learnt that several short term loans in the past had been taken at interest rates not more than 10.5 per cent. \"Why should we give 1.5 per cent more to BMC, which has not given us any subsidy in recent times. We are a loss-making transport undertaking and we cannot afford to pay such huge interest rates.\"While BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta was unavailable for comment, a senior BEST official said that the loan was \"necessary\" to bring the BEST out of the red. \"It will help us break even in March next year and have a surplus budget in 2013-14,'' he added.The opposition benches plan to take up the issue during the budget meeting scheduled early November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16987183", "title": "CM to attend meet pressing for central university", "text": "GUMLA: Chief minister Arjun Munda will be the chief guest at a gala function attended by representatives from Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha which aims to raise the demand for a central university as visualized by the great tribal leader, Kartik Oraon. The function will be held at Sankh Mor, along the Jharkhand-Chhattisgarh border in Gumla on October 31.Tribal leaders Dilip Singh, Bhuriya Lalit Bhagat, MP Sudarshan Bhagat, MLAs Gitshree Oraon and Kamlesh Oraon will also participate. Munda will unveil a statue of Kartik Oraon, who worked till his death for the uplift of adivasis. On October 30, tribal priests will initiate the inaugural function of the unveiling of the statue.For the past three years, there has been an attempt to create awareness among the people and political leaders across all parties, to make the dream of Oraon come true. \"It's a social campaign which should be viewed above political considerations,\" said Ashok Bhagat, who has been instrumental in spearheading the campaign.At a joint press meet, Bhagat and Shiv Shankar Oraon, chief convener of the Swashasi Shakti Vishwaviddhylaya Nirmal Samiti, said 31 years ago both the governments of Madhya Pradesh and Bihar had raised the demand for a central autonomous university after the All India Tribal Development Council held a meeting at the Talkatora Stadium in Delhi when former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi was its chief guest in 1981.\"After Oraon's death the same year, the movement lost its momentum,\" said Bhagat.\"Now we are raising the issue afresh as the institution will be highly beneficial to both tribals and non-tribals. The multi-facility university will have a sprawling campus which will be shared by both Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh,\" added Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16986751", "title": "Kochiites join hands for their dream Metro", "text": "KOCHI: Thousands of people from all walks of life joined hands to form a Human Metro chain on Saturday, demanding that the Kochi Metro project be entrusted to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation under the supervision of E Sreedharan.The 25-km human chain along the Phase I alignment of the Metro\u2014from Aluva to Petta in Tripunithura\u2014was organized by the City Development Committee. Members of residents' associations, traders, realtors, artists, litterateurs, politicians and legal experts formed the chain.Several people were seen on the roads waiting to join the chain ahead of the scheduled 5pm. A siren was sounded, signalling the formation of the chain. Justice P K Shamsuddeen read out the oath to the participants, who took a pledge to stand united in their demand for entrusting the Metro project to the DMRC and E Sreedharan.The participants also demanded the timely completion of the project.Youngsters, who joined the chain, expressed apprehension that the project would be delayed if it was awarded to any other firm.\"If the project is entrusted to DMRC and E Sreedharan , the work would be hassle-free and completed within the stipulated time, without compromising on the quality. The DRMC has proved its capabilities during the work of side bays of the North railway overbridge,'' said Vineeth, an MBA student and resident of Vadakkekotta in Tripunithura.His friend Arjun seconded. \"We studied in Bangalore and have witnessed how the Metro rail there changed the face of that city. Once the Kochi Metro rail becomes a reality, it will ease the traffic here.'' Both the friends joined the chain at Petta.Several participants joined the Human Metro chain, since they believed that the proposed mode of public transportation would put an end to the city's chaotic traffic.\"The project should be implemented as early as possible,'' said Vinayan from Thaikkoodam. \"If the project is undertaken by the DMRC under the leadership of E Sreedharan, it's assured that it will be free of corruption,'' said Chandran, standing next to Vinayan at Vyttila.The film fraternity, too, was represented in the chain. Directors Renjith, Anwar Rasheed, Ashiq Abu and Amal Neerad, and actor Anoop Chandran participated in the event.\"Kochi is fast becoming the hub of Malayalam film industry. So we, as the representatives of the film world, want to see Kochi Metro rail becoming a reality,\" said Renjith, while addressing a public meeting organised as part of the Human Metro chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989604", "title": "Hollywood sign gets 90th b'day makeover", "text": "The Hollywood sign, which is one of the Tinseltown's favourite attractions, is undergoing a major restoration in time for its 90th birthday next year.The iconic Hollywood sign is seeing its biggest renovation in 35 years.The 50ft tall letters are being stripped down and washed by workers using window-cleaner style platforms before nearly 400 gallons of fresh paint is applied to it, Sky News reported.The work, which started earlier this month, should see the sign restored to its bright white glory before Christmas.The sign, which is on top of Mount Lee in the Hollywood Hills north of Los Angeles is managed by the Hollywood Sign Trust and has been regularly repainted - but not as thoroughly as it is being done this time.\"This is the most extensive refurbishing effort of its kind in nearly 35 years for the sign, which will be repainted in its signature white.\"By protecting and preserving this towering treasure that is the sign, the trust helps strengthen its symbolic role as the beacon of the entertainment industry,\" the trust said.The original sign had been erected in 1923 to advertise a property development called Hollywoodland, but the last four letters were removed in the 1940s.The sign then fell into disrepair until it was restored in the 1970s after a campaign that saw nine donors shell out 27,777 dollars to \"adopt\" one letter each.Recently it was threatened again, when investors who own land surrounding the giant letters indicated plans to sell the plot to developers.But Playboy mogul Hugh Hefner helped secure the sign in 2010, along with the then-California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and other Hollywood celebrities including Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987219", "title": "Give the stressed jawan a break and a buddy", "text": "The central police and paramilitary forces, now called central armed police forces (CAPFs), have been increasingly employed for internal security duties over the last ten years, particularly for counter-insurgency operations in areas affected by left wing extremism (LWE). But a high attrition rate in recent years forced the government to commission a study by IIM Ahmedabad recently. The study has found that continuous posting in difficult areas, long working hours, sleep deprivation , denial of leave, lack of healthcare facilities and delay in promotions and pay parity were all leading to unbearable stress among personnel.An adversary who is everywhere but cannot be seen, who has the initiative to strike at will and plant IEDs at a time and place of his choosing, who melts into the jungle or hides among the people and often has their support, induces the fear of the unknown among soldiers and policemen . Prolonged exposure to such an operational environment invariably leads to extreme forms of stress if precautions are not taken.With over 50 years of experience in counter-insurgency operations, the Indian Army has evolved the training regimen necessary \u2014 physical, professional and psychological \u2014 to help troops to deal with stress. The CAPFs that are plagued by frequent suicides, fratricide, cases of desertion, resignations in large numbers, insubordination and alcoholism, must follow suit and create the right operational and administrative conditions for their men to reduce stress levels while enhancing combat effectiveness . The directors general of the CAPFs must carry out a fundamental reappraisal of the organisational structure of the battalions, training, standards of junior leaders, deployment patterns for operations, logistics support system , rest and recreation, promotion prospects and pay and allowances of their forces if the present challenges are to be overcome successfully.At present, CAPFs like the CRPF are being employed for operations in 'company' penny packets rather than as cohesive battalions led by experienced commanding officers (COs). It is common practice for a battalion HQ to be located at its peace-time location along with the CO and most of the officers, while the operating companies are deployed in a state several hundred kilometres away and are commanded by inspectors. Counter-insurgency operations are small-team operations that are normally conducted at section (10 men) and platoon (three sections) level and are heavily dependent for success on very-high-quality junior leadership. It is mandatory for young officers (assistant commandants and deputy commandants ) to go out frequently with the men and lead from the front by personal example. It helps to build esprit de corpsand camaraderie.It is vital for the CO (commandant) to also be present in the operational area and to occasionally participate in operations . A CO who is ensconced like a laat sahibin a peacetime battalion HQ hundreds of kilometres away and is merely a super-quartermaster cannot hope to succeed. As the most experienced officer in the battalion, only the CO can initiate measures to build unit cohesion where each jawan feels that he is an important part of a large family in which all of them must stand together for success in operations as well as their own safety. Also, battalions must operate from three to four company 'bases' from which combat patrols or ambush parties go out every day for operations and in which protection, logistics support and rudimentary medical facilities are assured. The concept of operating in 'buddy' pairs must be introduced and strictly adhered to.The CAPFs must institute the concept of 'peace' and 'field' tenures for their battalions. It is grossly unfair to employ a battalion for more than two to three years for active counter-insurgency operations. Within a battalion, jawans should be permitted to avail their entitled annual and casual leave in short packets three times a year. Special efforts must be made to relieve them from their posts for short periods of rest and recreation and to freshen up mentally. Sports are known to relieve stress and surely each company can carve basketball and volleyball courts in the jungle. Amenities like transistor radios and TV sets are good stress busters. Each post must provide satellite telephone facilities for the men to make a call to their families twice a week.Each company must have a transparent mechanism to address the grievances and complaints of the personnel. There is nothing more damaging to morale than to brush aside somebody's perceived grievance. A few remedial measures will go a long way towards reducing stress levels among the personnel and increasing combat effectiveness.The writer is a Delhi-based strategic analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16987167", "title": "Maoists deny forced vasectomy of cadres", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists in Jharkhand have rubbished the Union home ministry's report that their lower-rung cadres are subjected to forced sterilization in the outfit to prevent filial attachment in future. They have also rejected the government's advisory to nine Naxalite-affected states to conduct reverse vasectomy on the surrendered rebels.Describing forced vasectomy or reverse vasectomy as a violation of personal rights of an individual, a leader of the Bihar Jharkhand North Chhatisgarh frontier regional committee of the CPI (Maoist) said such practices were not allowed in their outfit. \"We have been supporting inter-caste marriages and have well laid-out guidelines for maternity leave for the female cadres. There is no question of stopping people from raising family,\" said Manas, the spokesperson for the committee.He said Maoists had been working with the support of villagers and diktats like forced vasectomy would make them hugely unpopular among the people. \"Some individual leaders or cadres could have undergone the procedure voluntarily, but that must not be linked with the party's stand at all,\" the spokesperson argued.Another Maoist cadre said they were never prevented from raising family or marrying. \"We get full support from the party higher-ups if any cadre expresses desire to marry; because this often paves way for the party to have close association with the villagers from where the bridegroom belongs,\" he said. Having tied the nuptial knots recently with a village girl close to his operational area, the rebel said following the marriage villagers had become more supportive to them.Sources say the Maoists often enter into family bonding to avoid police suspicion. While police admit that many a time Naxalite leaders gave them the slip because of travelling in plainclothes along with wife and children, the Maoists say leading a normal family life is no exception to their cadres.Representative of the Coordination of Democratic Rights Organization in Jharkhand Shashi Bhushan Pathak said forceful vasectomy was condemnable in strongest words. \"It is a sheer violation of human rights and if such practice is being carried out anywhere in the country, the Maoists must answer for their deed. Such violation must not be allowed and treated as crime against humanity,\" he said.In its advisory, the home ministry asked the nine state governments, including Jharkhand, to help ex-Maoists with better medical facilities at government's cost so that they can return to their normal family life. It also suggested the states to suitably sensitize the district administrations so that the issue is addressed with sensitivity. \"It is suggested that the names and addresses of the Maoist cadres who avail of this option (reverse vasectomy surgery) should not be disclosed,\" said the ministry's advisory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16986230", "title": "Revision of workers' minimum wages proposed", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has issued a notification proposing revised minimum wages for all kinds of workers in Goa, including unskilled, semi-skilled and skilled.The proposed wages will come into effect within two months of the notification if no objections are received by the state labour department in the Goa Secretariat.The new minimum wages start from 205 per day and go upto 294 per day depending on the nature of job. The employers will have to pay the same wages in case of male and female workers and for equal work. The minimum rates of wages payable to an adolescent will also be the same as payable to an adult.The notification includes all major industries in the state such as breweries and distilleries, clinics, hospitals, nursing homes, saw mills, pharmaceutical industries, electronic goods manufacturing and distribution, cinema theatres, garment manufacturing units, food processing and fish canning, cashew factories and all other such manufacturing, distribution and retail units.The minimum wages will be applicable to employees engaged by the principal employer or the contractor or sub-contractor etc engaged by the principal employer.If in any area of scheduled employment, wages revised by the state government notification are lower than the wages fixed by the central government or by agreement or the contractor's regulations, the higher rate will have to be paid as minimum wages.The suggestions and objections to the minimum wages proposed will be taken into consideration when they are finalized two months after the notification. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16985638", "title": "Robbers fire at woman in Uttam Nagar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two robbers on a bike shot at a 20-year-old woman in a busy market near the Uttam Nagar Metro station in west Delhi around 9pm on Saturday after she bravely fought them off.The woman, identified as Mamta, works for a private company and was returning home from work when the robbers struck. She is under observation at DDU Hospital. Doctors said she was out of danger.The robbers were on a black Pulsar bike and shot at her hand from close range, witnesses said. A case of attempt to commit robbery has been registered by the Uttam Nagar police. Cops are looking at the Metro station CCTV footage for clues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16986952", "title": "Husband held for death of woman, kid", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have taken into custody a person whose wife and child were found dead under suspicious circumstances on Friday.Asma , 25, wife of Noushad, native of Nooramthodu near Kodenchery and her daughter Dilna,5, were found dead in front of her house at Kodanchery.According to police, it was Noushad who informed the neighbours about the incident around 11pm on Friday. He told neighbours that Asma had telephoned him and threatened that she would commit suicide with her child.When he reached the house both Asma and the child were lying dead with burn injuries. Police said since the house was located in an isolated place, neighbours were not aware of what really happened in the house.Kodenchery police started investigation into the incident on the basis of a complaint filed by a neighbour of Asma and took Noushad into custody and recorded his statements.Noushad and Asma were separated a few months ago following a family dispute, but the issues between them were almost resolved recently, said police.Following complaint that there is mystery behind the deaths police took Noushad into custody and recorded his statements", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16986072", "title": "Prayers, sacrifices mark Eid in Madurai, Trichy", "text": "MADURAI: Sacrificing of animals and special prayer sessions marked Eid celebrations in Madurai on Saturday.Sources say about 50,000 animals, including goats, camels and cows were sacrificed as it is the most important part of the holy festival.According to Abdul of Goripalayam, Eid, popularly known as Eid-ul-Fitr, is the holy festival of Muslims, which falls in the 10th month of the Islamic calendar after Ramadan. Eid, he said, was a festival to be celebrated by serving and helping the poor.Nisha Farook of Anna Nagar said they have to follow certain norms while fasting for Eid, which includes men refraining from shaving their beards for the 10 days and women not even clipping their nails. This year, prices soared with goats costing Rs 8,000 this year as compared to Rs 5,000 last year.Abdul Razaak of Bibikulam said this festival also marked a real feast for even the poorest as some households got about 5 kg of meat offered to them by the more affluent households. \"We are able to feed our children with some of the best meals for a whole day from the meat we got,\" said a tailor from Goripalayam, who feels that otherwise, they are able to buy only chicken twice a month.The feasts in Muslim households in Madurai included rich biryani, meat stew and even kebabs which were offered to relatives, friends and neighbours. Thousands of people including women and children participated in the special prayer sessions held in the mosques of Arasaradi, Bibikulam, Meenambalpuram, Othakadai, South Gate, Melur, Tamukkam, Nelpettai and many other parts of Madurai. Similar sessions were held in mosques in southern districts including Dindigul and Ramanathapuram.In Trichy, mosques including Kakka Thoppu Eidka Mosque, Kan Miya Mosque, Alwar Thoppu Mosque, and Palakarai Mosques were busy since early hours of Saturday. Around 2,000 Muslims gathered in each of these spots. Special prayers began from 8.30 am onwards and it was held in 50 spots including open spaces. Overall, around 40,000 Muslims took part in special prayers held in these places. Qurbani, a joint holy sacrifice, was kicked off on Saturday and will continue on Sunday and Monday as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16986126", "title": "Some chemistry paper questions leaked", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four questions of a chemistry paper were reportedly leaked while the students were writing the HSC (old syllabus) board exam on Saturday. Officials of the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) said that the leak was brought to their notice by a professor of MG Science College.GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani said that just because four questions were leaked, it could not be termed as a paper leak. However, it was definitely a violation of the rules that questions which were asked in the paper had sneaked out of the exam halls.The issue was brought to the notice by a professor of M G Science College to whom the questions had reached seeking solutions for the same. This is not the first time that the questions asked in the board exam have been leaked outside the exam halls showing that there is a definite involvement of the board exam supervisors.In the past, cases have been filed against board exam papers being passed on to people outside and being answered in hostels and even in homes.Board officials said that such leaks have made it mandatory for them to have at least 90 squad members on duty to keep vigilance during the semester exams. Meanwhile, board officials said that one case of copying was registered in Amreli as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987407", "title": "Windows 8 on desktops", "text": "What we like...Dynamic content:Much like smartphones and tablets, Windows 8 will have your laptop or desktop's screen feeding you all sorts of information notifications , current time, number of unread emails, weather details before you even unlock it. Windows 8 also works best when it is connected to the web. This means, you can hook it up with your Live ID and sync all your content like office files or family photographs with SkyDrive in real time.Universal search:When you need to access a program or a file, you can just start typing its name at the Start Screen. You will get the content or app you are looking for even before you have finished typing. Overall, its search feature is powerful and works very well.App support for your PC:We like that you can run apps on your PC, just like you would on a tablet. Installing or uninstalling apps through the Windows Store is just a matter of one click. Overall, Modern UI apps are clutter-free and easy to handle. The user interface is beautiful, and signing up with your Live ID means that you can access all your apps across devices.What we don't likeNo Start button:We miss 'Start' . It is our go-to button to begin any task on our PC or even access any program. The absence of this all-important button might puzzle and even frustrate users who have grown accustomed to its unobtrusive existence at the bottom left corner of their screens.Can be confusing:In Windows 8, gestures play a big role. This means there is no 'X' at the top right corner to close an app. In the Modern UI, you have to navigate to the top of the app with a mouse, wait for a hand-cursor to appear and then drag to the bottom to close it. On touchscreen tablets, gestures feel natural. On your desktop or notebook, they don't .Modern hidden file system:This is something that is likely to trouble power users. When working with Modern UI apps, users can see just two apps at a time. Also, its file system is largely hidden. This means if you download a file using the Mail app, it won't ask you where you want to save it, or with which program you want to open it. It all happens automatically. Similarly, once you have saved a file in this way, you cannot look for it through your folders. Instead, you will have to seek it using the universal search feature, or find it through the program that was used to open it.HOW TO GET THE START BUTTONIf in the near future you find yourself running Windows 8 on your PC and are missing the Start button, don't worry. There are at least three free, third-party utilities - Classic Shell (classicshell.sourceforge.net), ViStart (lee-soft .com/vistart) and Start Menu 7 (www.startmenu7.com) that will put that all-important button right back on your desktop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16986001", "title": "Juice vendor arrested for obscene act", "text": "GURGAON: A juice vendor, who allegedly made obscene gestures and sexually harassed a woman coming out of her workplace at IFFCO Chowk, has been arrested by DLF Phase II police. On Saturday police produced him in a city court, which sent in judicial custody.According to police, the incident took place at IFFCO Chowk around 9pm on Friday. Ritika, a resident of Rangpuri, Delhi and a software engineer working with a software company in Delhi, was on the main road going towards the Mall Mile when Bullat Chauhan made an obscene gesture. When Ritika objected to it, Chauhan allegedly threatened to kill her.She then informed policemen who were standing near a PCR van after which %DLF Phase II police station SHO, Inspector Jagdish Prasad, reached the spot. Police arrested Chauhan and lodged an FIR against him under 294/506 after receiving the complaint from the victim.\"We have arrested the accused, identified as a Delhi based juice vendor, Bullat Chauhan, a native of Gopal Ganj, Bihar. He was in a drunken state and had come to Gurgaon with some of %his friends. A duty magistrate's court sent him in 14 days' judicial custody,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16986949", "title": "Master chefs savour appams, curry", "text": "If a TV show can change lives, this can claim to have done it. Masterchef Australia has created a generation of foodies, who know their basting from their braising and their fondue from their fondant, out of a nation of butter chickenchomping, naan-munching men and women.Two of the show's popular judges, Gary Mehigan and George Calombaris, visited Bangalore recently during a multi-city tour of India promoted by the Aussie government. STOI chatted with them about the visit. You've been eating (and tweeting) a lot about Indian food during this visit.What are the memories you'll take back? George: In Mumbai, we ate at the vegetarian restaurant Soam and had a lot of chaats like paani puri and sev puri. We had dosa, and I loved it. In Delhi, we were served great vegetarian stuff, and a great goose biriyani at a farmhouse on the outskirts. I'm really impressed with tandoori cooking and was even planning to buy a tandoor, along with those amazing Indian weighing scales used by vegetable vendors.Gary: I liked the goose biriyani, but for me the highlight was the jackfruit biriyani. I've had ripe jackfruit, but I didn't know the raw version could taste so good. I'm not saying this because we're in Bangalore, but I loved South Indian food, especially a coconut-milk based curry we ate with appams. I'm going to try and make appams, and on Sunday, we plan to go hunting for more South Indian food in Bangalore.How is eating Indian food in India different from eating it at restaurants abroad? Gary: Indian restaurants outside India all look like the Taj Mahal. This is strange because Greek restaurants don't look like the Capitol, nor do English ones look like the Big Ben or something! Jokes apart, it's not just a matter of decor - these restaurants are stuck in a time-warp. When Indian immigrants started these about 20 or 30 years go, the food was new and fresh, but there hasn't been much innovation. The whole scene needs a new spark; move beyond lamb rogan josh.George: It's only after coming here to India that we realised not all Indian curries are thick, red and spicy! What kind of Indian food or ingredients inspired you on this trip? George: Jalebis. By now, everyone knows I love them. But it's more than the taste - it's the whole process of creating a jalebi... the fermentation of the batter, the making of the swirls... it's been inspiring. In Old Delhi, we had some lovely kheer.Gary: It struck me that a lot of Indian food hits the right spots for the four basic tastes: sweet, sour, salt, and spice. That's a great harmony of flavours, and that's exactly what fast-food does,which explains its popularity. I plan to work with elements like tamarind and curry leaves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16985944", "title": "Schools, colleges step in to check on students in trouble with law", "text": "MUMBAI: Alarmed by the rising number of incidents involving misdemeanour by students outside the campus, schools and colleges are making teenagers attend lectures on \"responsible behaviour\".Institutes are now holding sessions on stress management, road/traffic safety, responsible netism, importance of careers and building positive self image, among others for students.\"Of late, the behaviour of students outside the school campus has been very disturbing. We have received complaints from strangers, who have noticed students misbehaving in public. So, our teachers, parents and ex-students put our heads together and thought that we need to re-introduce values to children,\" said Rehana Salamat, principal of Anjuman-I-Islam Allana English High School. Recently, class XI students of the institute presented skits and prepared slogans and posters to highlight topics like 'responsible netism', 'motivating oneself', 'stress prevention', etc. They were also awarded for their hard work. \"We recently lost a class X student in a train accident and this news has left us shaken. I personally chose the topics and the students have come up with brilliant concepts. This concept will be introduced in the lower classes as well,\" she added.Besides other cases of misdemeanour, the increasing number of road rage incidents too has forced authorities to look into this matter. A suburban college recently started a road safety programme for its students. \"There have been too many cases of road rage wherein students have been involved. The programme aims to remind youngsters the basic road/traffic rules and regulations,\" said Sangeeta Srivastava, principal of SVP School and T P Bhatia College, Kandivli (W). A recent survey, conducted by the XLRI School of Business and Human Resources, Jamshedpur, revealed that the number of accidents and casualties in the 15-24 years age group is on the rise.While schools and teachers are spending worried hours over the changed behaviour of youngsters, parents too are in a dilemma. \"Parents feel helpless and fail to understand the reasons behind such drastic changes in their child's behaviour,\" said Arundhati Chavan, president of PTA United Forum. She added that parents and teachers have been increasingly worried as students as young as 15-16 years of age attend 'beer parties' and girls of classes V and VI talk about their boyfriends. \"Little kids in the age group of 3-9 years have started answering back. Values are diminishing. It is good to see that schools are now focusing on fixing the problems,\" added Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16989299", "title": "Anna Hazare plans to rope in Aamir Khan for his movement", "text": "MUMBAI: Veteran social activist Anna Hazare is likely to rope in Bollywood actor Aamir Khan for the new phase of his movement, which he plans to launch in January.Hazare would speak to Aamir in this regard after the actor returns from Haj pilgrimage, sources close to the anti-graft crusader told PTI.Aamir's hugely popular TV show \"Satyamev Jayate\" had raised public awareness about various social issues and this perhaps has prompted Hazare to think about roping in the Bollywood star to popularise the subjects he wants to take up as part of his movement, the sources said.Aamir had shared the dais with Hazare during the latter's agitation in Delhi last year for a strong Lokpal. He had also sent a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking the Government to act on the demand for a strong anti-corruption mechanism.After disbanding Team Anna, which spearheaded the Lokpal agitation, Hazare is in the process of finalising a new team and has spoken about including former Government employees, ex-servicemen among others in it.According to the 74-year-old Gandhian, besides corruption, his movement will also focus on issues related to farmers and electoral reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16987457", "title": "Son living with wife no ground for HC writ", "text": "BANGALORE: Should a married man live with his father or his wife? Does the father have a claim on the son because he's transferred all his property to him? Does the son's preference for the wife over the father amount to a demand for habeas corpus, which requires an arrested person to be produced before a judge or a court?A case that raised these questions came before the Karnataka High Court recently. The court dismissed a habeas corpus petition filed by an elderly man seeking the production of his 25-year-old son, who according to the complainant, prefers to live with his wife.Sannathimmaiah, 85, a resident of Kadapalakere village in Pavagada taluk of Tumkur district, claimed in his petition that police did not act on his complaint to locate his son, KS Naveen Kumar.\"My son is married. I transferred all my property in his name. Now he prefers to live with his wife. I am depressed. I am in a state of penury. I had requested Pavagada police to bring him back from his in-laws' house or elsewhere. I am depressed and anguished by the lack of efforts by police. They have not taken any action to locate him,\" Sannathimmaiah claimed in his petition. He urged the court to direct police to bring his son back.\"In a situation of this nature, we do not find any scope to issue a writ in the nature of habeas corpus as it is not even the case of the petitioner that he (the son) is kept in illegal custody. The petitioner can pursue his efforts or remedies elsewhere,\" a division bench headed by Justice D V Shylendra Kumar observed while dismissing Sannathimmaiah's petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987474", "title": "It was a subject crying out to be chronicled: Shobhaa De", "text": "Venal politicians are the flavour of the season. And there you are, right in the centre of it with this book - the story of a corrupt Delhi political 'sethji' . How do you manage to always catch the pulse of popular culture?The rot in our political system today is so blatant, so shockingly besharam, it was a subject crying out to be chronicled... through fiction .... through movies. Sometimes, writers don't have to choose the subject, the subject chooses them. There is such a rich cast of characters in public life right now, that there was no dearth of inspiration here! Documenting popular culture has been a preoccupation for the longest time. In fact, I do feel we underestimate the power of popular culture in India. It is the single most potent instrument of change. I have always had my ear to the ground. 'Sethji' more or less wrote itself...All the characters in the book occupy a grey amoral zone driven by greed, lust and vulnerability . Who is the character you like the most and why?I like Amrita a lot. She is, first and foremost, a survivor. Her character holds the entire narrative. She is the pivot around which the book revolves. Amrita is strong, practical , and also a deliciously sensual woman, constantly placing her own priorities on hold in order to cope with some extraordinary situations. Her ability to manage people, in particular Sethji, her difficult father-in-law , makes her the real hero of the book.Who do you think is the sexiest Indian male politician of all time?It has to be Rajiv Gandhi. Never mind his politics... we aren't discussing brains here, right?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16986376", "title": "US lab test finds cancer-causing elements in dust at Kodungaiyur", "text": "CHENNAI: In April, members of the Community Environmental Monitoring, an environment NGO, said reports from a US-based laboratory showed the air quality in Kodungaiyur was poor. On Saturday, armed with another report, also from a US-based laboratory, on the nature of dust particles in the air in the locality, they claimed the situation has gotten more dangerous.Everyday, on an average, 3,000 tonnes of garbage is dumped in Kodungaiyur, one of the two dumping yards of the Chennai Corporation. The dumped waste is untreated and gets mixed with hazardous bio-medical and non-biodegradable material.The dust particles contain traces of metals such as nickel that can cause cancer and neurological disorders. \"Dust particles leave residue in the lungs. Toxic substances and heavy metals in these dust particles can settle in a person's body leaving them at risk of developing a whole range of health problems, including cancer and respiratory disorders,\" said Shwetha Narayanan, coordinator of Community Environmental Monitoring, at a press conference.The samples of dust were collected from the terrace of Perambur MLA A Sounderarajan's house in Kodungaiyur between February 15 and 16 and sent to the Chester laboratory in California. The test results showed the presence of magnesium, lead and nickel in the samples.No health survey has been conducted on the residents of Kodungaiyur by any government or private agency, but residents say many people in the area suffer from respiratory disorders. Experts say lead and manganese are neurotoxins. \"Medical literature and reports have shown that children are vulnerable to lead,\" said Nagaratna, a senior member of Ever Vigil Residents' Welfare Association in Kodungaiyur.Sounderarajan said that long-term exposure to manganese could affect the central nervous system. \"Air in Kodungaiyur is extremely polluted and makes life miserable for residents. During rains residents are forced to wade through water mixed with sewage and garbage,\" he said.Residents will form a human chain on Monday against continuing dumping and burning of garbage in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16990539", "title": "Chiranjeevi: The Star who made a dramatic comeback", "text": "NEW DELHI: He cruised up touching the sky in the tinsel town like a powerful rocket, but when Chiranjeevi replaced the engine of cinema with rustic politics, it was not smooth sailing for him.In the end, like any other Indian blockbuster, hero Chiranjeevi emerged the winner by finding himself in the Union Council of Ministers, which was expanded today, after spending almost two full years in political hibernation. He as inducted as Minister of State with Independent charge.The superstar, who entertained millions of young men, women , children and old alike through his inimitable style whose mantra only he knows, left his lucrative career to test his fortunes in politics at the age of 53 in 2008.His journey in politics was not a bed of roses but was filled with thorns which the actor, who had not tasted failure at the box office for years together, could not swallow it like he did success.In less than year after launching his party, his outfit contested state elections only to win less than 20 seats with Chiranjeevi himself losing one assembly seat of the two he contested.Widely perceived as the only person who could recreate the magic of NTR, the legendary whose star power catapulted him to the Chief Minister's post in just nine months after his plunge in politics, Chiranjeevi was not bestowed with a magic wand.With his prediction going haywire, Chiranjeevi stood isolated in politics with no friends to guide him and was forced to walk on the fire that eventually took a cinematic turn -- his infant party was dissolved in a split second and merged with Congress, which was the prime enemy when he took a plunge in politics.From February 2011 to October 2012, Chiranjeevi was almost in oblivion except when he ventured out for a couple of rare meetings with Sonia Gandhi.Now, after 19 months, the hero is back with a vengeance. He is a Union Minister and with the Congress strongly believing that he is a force to reckon with in Andhra Pradesh , Chiranjeevi faces an arduous task of proving his mettle in politics.Hailing from an obscure village in coastal Andhra Pradesh, Chiranjeevi's transition from a villain to a popular hero, whose dancing skills sent raptures in theatres for over two decades, was indeed breathtaking. (Reopens Del 31)Chiranjeevi attaining stardom and to a career in politics was akin to his action-filled blockbusters.A Padma Bhushan awardee, he has acted in 148 films in his three-decade long career and is among the highest paid actors in the country.His success in Tollywood, traditionally dominated by a handful of powerful families, was meteoric as he had no family connection.Born on Aug 22, 1955 in Mogalturu, a remote village in the coastal district of West Godavari, Chiranjeevi's original name was Konidela Siva Shankara Varaprasad.Eldest of three sons of an excise constable, he attended schools in five different places in the district because of his father's frequent transfers.After graduating in commerce from Narasapur College, he moved to Chennai to seek a career in the film industry and joined a film institute in 1977.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980846", "title": "Is there a new man in Yana\u2019s life?", "text": "Model-item girl Yana was recently spotted with a tall, dark and lanky man with salt-pepper stubble at a restaurant in Versova.The duo seemed too engrossed in their conversation to bother about others present at the eatery. So much so that at one point, they even got close enough for a kiss, oblivious to the fact that they were at a public place, said a source. And apparently, when it was time to leave, the two walked out with hands around each other's waist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16986950", "title": "Rajyotsava award age bar set at 50", "text": "BANGALORE: In an effort to streamline the Kannada Rajyotsava award, the state government has decided to consider only persons who are above 50 years of age for the award. Kannada and Culture minister Govind M Karjol said the government has received over 3,000 applications so far for the award which will be instituted on November 1.\"The bar of over 50 years of age will be relaxed only with respect to sports personalities,\" Karjol said. The minister said the number of awardees would be pegged at 50. The number of awardees have been limited since competition is tough, he indicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16986891", "title": "The All India Anglo-Indian Association pleads against taking govt aid", "text": "PATNA: The All India Anglo-Indian Association (TAIAIA) president Neil O'Brien has hailed the Supreme Court ruling of April this year keeping unaided minority schools outside the purview of Right To Education (RTE) Act.\"The apex court is the guardian of people's rights. While upholding the constitutional validity of the RTE Act, it kept unaided minority institutions outside its purview. That's the beauty of India,\" O'Brien told the delegates attending the three-day joint annual general meeting of TAIAIA and The All India Anglo-Indian Educational Institution in the city on the second day on Saturday.He said Anglo-Indian minority schools should not take financial aid from the government. \"These schools should be completely owned by the community so as to protect their administrative rights,\" he said and added everything should be done in accordance with the law of the land.O'Brien also informed the delegates about the initiatives taken by the TAIAIA to help its community members as well as the underprivileged sections of the society. \"We provide free education to all Anglo- Indian students irrespective of their family's income. Most of the schools also offer free education to children of their employees,\" he said.TAIAIA chief reiterated Anglo-Indians did not need reservation and underlined the import of three Es - education, employment and empowerment - for them. He expressed concern over the condition of senior citizens of the community. \"They devoted their best years to the service of mankind but they are now living in a pitiable condition,\" he regretted.While maintaining that Anglo-Indian schools were aware of the need for the education to be \"relevant\", he said, \"We have counsellors in almost every school to solve the problems facing the children and teachers, we have special educators who train students using unconventional methods and we also plan to introduce scholarship for children with special psychological need from the next academic session.\"Talking about the issues facing the community, O'Brien said the Anglo-Indians' problems were the same as those of others in the country. \"Inflation and corruption are the major issues,\" he said.His message to the youth was loud and clear: India is our land. The more we love and hold it dear to us, the more it will embrace us.Reports of Frank Anthony schools were also presented at the AGM on Saturday while the evening saw the members enjoy the formal ball organized at St Dominic Savio's High School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16987230", "title": "Servant flees with gold, cash; poisons 2 of family", "text": "LUDHIANA: A domestic help at the house of a renowned doctor in Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar escaped with Rs 5 lakh, 60gm gold and some other valuables after administering a poisonous substance to the mother-in-law and father-in-law of the doctor.Dr Waheguru Pal Singh Sidhu, who is the medical superintendent of B L Kapoor Hospital, told police that he and his wife were away to the hospital on Thursday morning when the incident took place.The doctor's father-in-law, Inder Singh Bagga, 82, and mother-in-law Harmohinder Kaur, 78, were at home with Deepak, who had been working with them for the past two months in place of their previous domestic help Keshav who had reportedly gone to his home in Nepal.However, when the couple returned home in the evening, they found their parents unconscious and the servant missing.Also, Rs 5 lakh, 60gm gold, two watches and two cameras were missing. They found that the two had been poisoned and informed the police, and also treated their parents.Dr Sidhu told police that Keshav came back last week but said he was going back but probably connived with Deepak and committed the robbery.Since the accused had been working for the family for long, everyone had full faith in him and had not got any police verification done either.Shaheed Bhagat Singh nagar chowki in charge sub-inspector Gurmeet Singh, who is the investigating officer, said: \"We are probing the case and have alerted cops on the Nepal Border as well to keep a lookout for the culprits.His photograph which we obtained from his bank account opened by accused Keshav has been sent to all concerned police departments and the border police as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16991266", "title": "Security equipment industry grew by 25 per cent in last 3 years: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: (PTI) Unabated terror threats coupled with rise in crime rate and growing public awareness has seen the security equipment industry grow by 25 per cent in the country in the last three years, experts have said.A similar trend is likely to continue for the next few years, they said.\"Market for security equipment in India is worth Rs 5,000 crore. Global market is growing by seven per cent only, while the Indian market has grown by about 25 to 30 per cent in the last three years,\" Pankaj Jain, Project Director, IFSEC India and Homeland Security India, said.\"One of the reasons for the strong demand (of security equipment) is the Mumbai terror attacks of 2008, but the larger reasons are the awareness of security in the Indian market and it has spread in the last five to six years,\" he added.IFSEC India and Homeland security 2012 exhibition will be held at the India Expo Centre in Greater Noida from November 1 for three days where at least 250 leading security companies from more than 20 countries are expected to participate, with more than 12,000 government officials and security professionals expected to attend the event.UBM India, which is a part of United Business Media Ltd, a leading global business media company, is hosting the International Fire and Security Exhibition and Conference (IFSEC) show in Noida.According to Jain, the CCTV and surveillance device, access control, biometric equipment, intruder alarms and fire alarms have massive demand in the country.Mumbai Police Deputy Commissioner (Crime Branch) Ambadas Pote also attributed the industry growth to public awareness about the security in view of terror threat looming large.\"I think security is a must for overall development in the country. Nowadays, money spent on security is considered as an investment, rather than just expenditure. In fact, the growth rate may rise in future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16985985", "title": "Yamuna pollution: Civic body set to present draft in SC", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has prepared its draft report that it is supposed to file in the Supreme Court next week, regarding the steps taken by it to control the pollution in the Yamuna River. The next date of hearing in the case is October 30.In the last hearing, the SC had said that the petition has been pending before it since 1994 primarily with one objective in mind: that the dirty Yamuna should be converted into a wholesome and clean Yamuna and its water in the entire region from Hathini Kund in Haryana to monitoring station at Taj Mahal , Agra, has to be pollution-free.It directed the secretaries of the ministry of urban development in consultation with the ministry of environment and forests, ministry of irrigation and power, chief secretaries of the states of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh to file their personal affidavits, informing it about how many drains carrying domestic or industrial waste or any other waste in the entire territory join the river.According to a source, in its draft report, the MCG has claimed that it treats around 80% of the sewage at the sewage treatment plant at Dhanwapur. \"We will be informing the Supreme Court that we are doing our best to ensure that untreated water does not flow into the Yamuna. We are able to treat around 80% of the sewage that flows from various residential and commercial areas at the water treatment plant. We have got a survey done to rectify all the broken sewerage lines and drainage system in our jurisdiction so that the remaining 20% of the sewage water that we are not able to treat at present can also be treated,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16993284", "title": "Online registrations for Jamba Cloud Hyderabad 10K marathon opened on Ocotber 27", "text": "Online registrations for the 10th edition of the Jamba Cloud Hyderabad 10K, to be held on Sunday November 25, 2012, began from 10.00 am on Saturday, October 27.In this milestone 10th year, the event is being promoted by Procam International, who bring the running movement to Hyderabad, after successfully promoting world-class events over different distances in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore.There will be two events on Race Day, namely the 10 Km run, open to those above 15 years of age (born on or before 24-11-1997) and the 7 km Mazza Run, open to those over 12 years of age (born on or before 24-11-2000).While physical modes of registration for the same are also expected to commence shortly, all forms of registration will shut as soon as running places are filled. There are 5,000 running places on offer for the 10Km run and 10,000 running places on offer for the Mazza run.The 10 Km Run will be a compulsorily timed race category and will have an application fee of Rs 550, (including timing chip and service tax). Applicants residing outside India will have to pay $25 for the same. The Mazza Run will have an application fee of Rs 350, (including service tax) with applicants residing outside India having to pay $15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16987578", "title": "Upcoming ?Windows 8 gadgets", "text": "What is Windows to go ?Windows 8 Enterprise edition supports a mode called Windows To Go, which puts the whole OS on a pen drive, including your apps and settings. This pen drive can boot on any computer that is running Windows 7 or 8 and you are going to get the same settings and apps that you were using on your machine.Many manufacturers will be launching USB pen drives with this version of Windows.What is Windows RT?PCs and notebooks run on processors that are built by Intel or AMD - and regular Windows 8 runs on this architecture. Most tablets, on the other hand, use processors that are based on architecture created by ARM. These chips are less powerful and are designed for portability and battery efficiency.To cater to devices running ARM-based chips, MS is launching a stripped-down version of its OS called Windows RT. This version will not be capable of running regular software like Photoshop CS, PC games, etc. Instead, all apps for RT will be made specifically for the Modern UI. On the plus side, Windows RT devices will ship with a touch-optimized Microsoft Office 2013.Do you need Windows 8?Right now, most users don't need to upgrade to Windows 8. But if you're buying a new laptop or desktop, then sure, go for it.Of course, if you use a touchscreen PC running Windows, then definitely upgrade to Win 8.Also, if you are currently considering a new notebook PC, it might make sense to wait a few months till new models with touchscreens make their way to the market.SurfaceTouted as the flagship device for Windows 8, this hybrid tablet/PC has been designed by Microsoft. Surface sports a sleek, modern industrial design, with a hinge at the back that pops out to prop the tablet on a table. It can also be paired with a cover that doubles up as a keyboard with touch buttons.Specs:10.6-inch screen (1366x768 pixels) | 1.4GHz quad-core Tegra 3 CPU | 2 GB RAM | 32GB/64GB storage | Front and back 720p HD cameras | Wi-Fi , Bluetooth 4 | 2xUSB2.0, microSD card ports | Up to 8 hours battery lifeDell XPS One 27This all-in-one computer from Dell comes with a touchscreen, which makes it a perfect companion to Windows 8. The XPS One 27 is not the only Windows 8 all-in-one , but is one of the first. Dell has gone all out to equip it with the best-inclass components, making it a very powerful computer despite its sleek and slim design.Specs:27-inch touchscreen (2560x1440 pixels) | Intel Core i7 quad-core processor | Up to 16GB RAM | Up to 2TB HDD | Nvidia GeForce GT 640M graphics | DVD-RW or Blu-Ray drive | Wi-Fi , BlueTooth | 6xUSB3.0, Ethernet ports, multi-format card readerAsus TaichiThe Asus Taichi convertible notebook-tablet hybrid comes with not one but two screens, with one on top of the lid. So when the lid is closed, it is a tablet - and when it is open, Taichi is a laptop. The best part is that a user can use the two screens separately. This means your son can watch a movie on the touchscreen while you work on the office presentation on the primary screen.Specs:11.6-inch screen (1920x1080 pixels) and 11.6-inch touchscreen (1920x1080 pixels) | Intel Core i5 dualcore processor | 4GB RAM | 128GB SSD | two 720p HD cameras | Wi-Fi , Bluetooth 4 |2xUSB3.0, Micro HDMI, Mini VGA, Ethernet ports | Around 5 hours battery lifeAcer Iconia 510Acer Iconia 510 is primarily a tablet, but it runs on full-fledged Windows 8. It also comes with a dock to make it usable as a notebook. And given that it runs on the low-powered Atom processor, you can expect better battery life.Specs:10.1-inch screen (1366x768 pixels) | Intel Atom Z2760 dual-core processor | 2GB RAM | 32GB storage, expandable microSD slot | Wi-Fi , Bluetooth | 8MP primary camera, 2MP front camera | USB, micro HDMI, micro USB ports | Around 9 hours battery life.Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13The IdeaPad Yoga 13 is a power-packed ultrabook, but that's before you flip back its screen a full 360 degrees and convert it into a tablet with its multitouch screen. Lenovo has also included its Motion Control technology with which users can gesture at the webcam to flip pages, rewind/forward music, adjust sound volume, etc. Also, when flipped 270 degrees, the base turns into a pretty nifty stand for the tablet.Specs:13.1-inch screen (1600x900) pixels | Intel Core i5 dual-core processor | 4GB RAM | 256GB SSD| 720p HD front camera | Wi-Fi | USB2.0, USB3.0, LAN, HDMI ports, 3-in-1 card reader | Up to 7 hours battery life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-28"}
