{"city": "gaya", "code": "11633975", "title": "School building collapses, over a dozen kids hurt", "text": "GAYA: More than a dozen children were injured as the building of the Government Middle School at Magra in Gaya district collapsed on Wednesday afternoon. The building collapsed when a large number of children climbed over the dilapidated government school building's roof to watch the ongoing children's fair organized on the campus. District education officer B K Jha said that the exact number of children injured in the building collapse was not known. At least two children got their upper limbs fractured, he said and added a medical team had been rushed to Magra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11633864", "title": "Big guns file nomination", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the penultimate day of the nomination process on Wednesday, several candidates filed their nomination from different assembly seats in the district.The leaders reached the collectorate campus along with their supporters. Among the first to reach the collectorate was Samajwadi Party (SP) candidate from Phaphamau assembly seat, Ansar Ahmad, who filed his nomination in the presence of senior party leaders.Former state minister and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) candidate from City South assembly constituency, Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi also reached the collectorate with his army of supporters shouting slogans and waving party flags.Former state minister and BSP leader Rakesh Dhar Tripathi also filed his nomination from Handia assembly constituency as an independent candidate. SP candidate Shashank Tripathi filed nomination from City North assembly seat, while former minister Ujjawal Raman Singh also filed his nomination from Karchana assembly constituency.Other candidates who filed their papers on Wednesday were Bijma Yadav (SP) from Pratappur seat, Haji Mashooq (Congress) from Phulpur seat, Nirmala Paswan (BJP) from Soraon, Haji Parvez Ahmad (SP) from City South, Ram Kripal (CPI) from Meja, Ajay Bharti (Congress) from Soraon, Vijay Gupta (Lok Manch) from City South and Kanhaiyya Lal Kol (Congress) from Koraon.Unruly scenes witnessed on collectorate campusTension prevailed on collectorate campus on Wednesday afternoon when some supporters of political parties tried to enter inside the nomination area where entry is restricted.The police stationed at the spot resorted to a mild lathicharge to disperse the unruly supporters who had gathered at the spot. In the process, some supporters received minor injuries and they were taken to hospital for treatment.Situation was brought under control after the arrival of senior officials including SP (city) who pacified the angry mob.UP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633723", "title": "J&K; Police, CRPF lead gallantry awards\u2019 list", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight hundred and seventeen police and paramilitary personnel from across the country will be awarded Police Medals of different categories, which includes 94 gallantry awards to those who fought insurgents, terrorists and Maoists across the country last year.Gallantry award medals' tally is dominated by the Jammu and Kashmir Police and the largest paramilitary force of the country Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) with 22 and 18 of their personnel, respectively, getting selected for this honour.Besides, one of the CRPF assistant commandants, R K Singh, who had fought bravely against naxals and helped the force in blowing up ultras' hideout in Jharkhand, will be the only non-Army officer to be decorated with the Shaurya Chakra this Republic day.Credited in the force as the man who averted another 'Dantewada-type' ambush on CRPF in which 75 personnel were killed in 2010, Singh has been awarded the military medal for \"great determination and extraordinary courage\" despite being grievously injured during the operation where the naxals blew a total of 192 landmines simultaneously in last May leading to the killing of 11 policemen.These awards were announced by the government on Wednesday. While the top-notch President's police medal for gallantry has gone to seven officials (three Andhra Pradesh police and 4 CRPF), Police medals for gallantry have been awarded to 87 personnel, President's police medal for distinguished service to 93 personnel and Police medals for meritorious service have been awarded to 630 police officials.Among the other police forces whose personnel won the medals for gallantry include Uttar Pradesh (18), Madhya Pradesh (7), Chhattisgarh (4) and Jharkhand and Karnataka (one each).Among paramilitary forces, the CRPF personnel have got the maximum 81 medals followed by BSF (53), CISF (26), ITBP (14), SSB (12) and BPR&D; (5).The Border Security Force (BSF) and Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) won one Police medal each for gallantry while the Indo-Myanmar border guarding force, Assam Rifles, won four medals for gallant action.\"Thirty eight personnel have been awarded correctional service medals. President's correctional service medal for distinguished service has been awarded to one personnel and correctional service medals for meritorious service have been awarded to 37 personnel,\" a home ministry statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11634044", "title": "State intervenes in school turf war", "text": "TRICHY: An attempt to control the affairs of 100-year-old E R Higher Secondary School, between two factions - one led by T M Srinivasan, at present the secretary of the society that runs the school and correspondent of the school, and the other N Srinivasan, the grandson of the founder and president of the society - has forced the district education officer to make direct payments to teachers and staff with effect from January, 19, 2012. Today, Judge V Dhanapaul of Madurai bench of the Madras High Court stayed the DEO's order tilting the matter in favour of T M Srinivasan, who became secretary of the society and correspondent of the school after he retired in the same school as headmaster.The chain of events culminating in the direct payment order through the district education officer (instead of through the correspondent of the school) has also unearthed an ongoing war for ultimate administrative control of the 3.47-acre ER Higher Secondary School in the heart of Trichy's Chinthamani area, the notional value of which is today pegged at Rs 600 crore. At some point in time, the headmaster himself, R Sundar, was accused of attempting to sell the school to a DMK bigwig for a mere Rs 19 crore with the tacit support of the founder's family, while on the other hand T M Srinivasan, secretary of the society and correspondent of the school, opposed the founder family's recent move to convert the educational society into a trust. The school was founded by Edaiyaputhumangalam Rangaswamy in 1900 in a thatched roof structure a century ago, and after his period it was run by his only son A R Nataraja Iyer.The school was run by a society headed by N Srinivasan, the second grandson of E Rangaswamy, which later became defunct, but not dissolved. Another society was formed with the same set of objectives in 2004.It was always a practice that the same person occupied the post of both the secretary of the society and the correspondent of the school, and this post was held by A Rethinasabapathy, a retired chief PWD engineer between 2004 and 2007 until his demise. It was after his period that cracks appeared in the administrative set up of the school.A trust was created by N Srinivasan, son of A R Nataraja Iyer and grandson of the founder, in 2007, and the society passed a resolution transferring everything to the trust.According to him, the trust had to be constituted because he was not satisfied with the functioning of the society, and a number of financial irregularities surfaced. On June 13, N Srinivasan gave a complaint to district collector Jayashree Muralidharan listing the irregularities in the administration of the society. The complaint was forwarded to the district education officer, who made a visit to the school to make first hand enquiries.The DEO, Pugazhendi, issued a notice to the society raising 10 points, which were challenged in the High Court by incumbent secretary of the society T M Srinivasan, who is not connected to the founder's family and who retired as headmaster of the school in 1992 before taking over the administration of the society.Meanwhile, the direct salary payment order that came into effect from January 19, 2012, would be an interim arrangement under the Tamil Nadu Recognised Private Schools (Regulation) Act, and this was challenged by T M Srinivasan. The Madras high court held that exercising the power for direct payment was not expected to take away the rights of the management. Things took an ugly turn when the office room of T M Srinivasan at the school was kept under lock and key as it was feared that vital documents would be destroyed. N Rengarajan's (the first grandson of the founder) wife, Susheela, was given charge to run the affairs of the school. The late N Rengarajan was an IAS officer who retired as undersecretary in the Central government.The present headmaster of the school, R Sunder, told TOI on Tuesday that it had been decided by the management that the \"office of the secretary\" would be henceforth opened in the presence of three assistant headmasters until further orders.Susheela Rengarajan told TOI that her \"soul would not depart peacefully\" until the school's management was entrusted into the right hands, and added that a lawful trust would be formed in the near future to govern the affairs of the school.Interestingly, today's ruling by the Madurai Bench would mean that the office of the secretary of the society and the correspondent of the school must be handed over to T M Srinivasan.toitrichy@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634698", "title": "Online booking for railway retiring rooms", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur division of Central Railway has started online booking facility for retiring rooms for 20 stations from Nagpur railway station. Central Railway PRO PD Patil said the booking can be done at reception counter in the city.The facility will be available for retiring rooms at CSTM, Mumbai, Nagpur, Shimla, Delhi, Amritsar, Jammu, Varanasi, Lucknow, Howrah, Chennai, Madurai, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Jabalpur, Kota, Ahmedabad, Mumbai Central, Bandra, and Baroda.The rooms will be available for 12 hours for which 60% amount of the prescribed fare will be charged. The rooms can be booked even before 90 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634219", "title": "Stormy weather for Doppler radar", "text": "PANAJI: The installation of a Doppler radar at the meteorological department, Altinho Panaji, to improve weather forecasting is likely to be delayed as the central government is yet to decide on floating tenders to purchase the equipment.The ministry of earth sciences has ruled out installation of a state-of-the-art Doppler radar, which is lying idle at the weather observatory after its arrival from China since April, 2010. \"Instead the ministry has earmarked funds for purchase of new equipment,\" a source in India meteorology department (IMD), Delhi, told TOI.Though the sophisticated equipment costing 5 crore had arrived two years ago, its installation was stalled after the defence ministry suddenly raised security concerns over certain issues, especially the location of the equipment in coastal areas.The controversy over their installation was sparked off after naval authorities raised objections to setting up a Doppler radar in a Met office in a naval area in Mumbai. The equipment was diverted to Delhi and installed in the capital city's Met department.\"Since then, the installation of this brand of Doppler radar in coastal areas of Goa and Karaikal in Tamil Nadu has come under the scanner of defence authorities,\" the source said. Out of nine Doppler machines purchased to be set up in India, seven have already been installed and a few inaugurated, too.The utilization of Doppler machines is a sensitive issue only in coastal areas, including Paradip and Kochi in Kerala. \"The ministry of earth sciences has to only decide whether it will float a global tender,\" the IMD official said.The infrastructure for setting up the Doppler radar was not ready in May 2010 when the equipment arrived. \"But now the civil works and infrastructure is ready,\" a source at Altinho Met office said.The IMD official in Delhi said that the proposal for floating a fresh tender has been pending for almost a year with the ministry of earth sciences. \"We are awaiting a clearance soon,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11633557", "title": "Wails and slogans greet health director in Malda", "text": "MALDA: Wails of bereaved mothers and slogans of Chhatra Parishad supporters greeted director of health services B Satpathy at Malda district hospital on Wednesday.\"My son was only 19 days old. He was yet to be named,\" cried Rashida Biwi of Old Malda. \"For the last eight days, I stayed with him in this hospital. He had good health and had only a slight breathing trouble. But in eight days, the doctors attended to him only twice. My repeated requests yielded no result. Today, my baby died. Please do something. Don't let another mother lose her baby like I did.\"A visibly embarrassed Satpathy could only mutter \"Dekhchi\" (I'll see to it) before moving on.The Chhatra Parishad activists demanded immediate uplift of the hospital infrastructure while MP Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury accused the government of being apathetic towards the series of crib deaths. Satpathy, too, admitted the lack of proper infrastructure at the hospital.The number of child deaths showed no sign of abating with four more babies dying in the hospital since Tuesday night. \"Seventy-five babies have died in this hospital between January 1 and 20. Altogether, 974 babies were admitted to this hospital in this period,\" Satpathy told the media later. Though he did not give the figures after January 20, hospital records show that 25 babies have died since then.\"Considering the huge pressure on this hospital, the infrastructure is certainly not sufficient. Within one and a half months, a 70-bed paediatric ward will be opened here. There would be no problem of funds in this regard,\" promised Satpathy. The block hospitals of Gazole and Chanchal would also be upgraded to subdivisional hospitals, he said. \"That will ease the pressure off the district hospital,\" he added.Regarding the child deaths at Raiganj Hospital in North Dinajpur, Satpathy said an inquiry had been ordered. Three babies died in the hospital on Tuesdayand several babies were referred to Siliguri. A number of child specialists at the hospital had apparently gone on leave at the same time.\"We have ordered a probe into why so many doctors had gone on leave at the same time and why so many babies were referred to Siliguri. I will visit Raiganj on Thursday,\" he said.Khan Chowdhury visited the hospital later in the day and expressed disgust over the infrastructure. \"I have heard that measures are being taken to improve it. ThatThe measures to improve infrastructure should have been taken much earlier,\" he fumed, vowing to take up the matter in the Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635092", "title": "President's medal for eight policemen", "text": "PUNE: Appreciating his significant contribution to the police services, additional deputy inspector general (CID) Ashok Dhiware has been honoured with the prestigious President's Police Medal.Along with Dhiware, DySP (CID) Deepak Humbare, DySP (police training school, Solapur) Milind Patil, inspectors Manohar Joshi , Ganpat Nikam, Balraj Lanjile and Dattatreya Pawar and sub-inspector Ramesh Bhosale were selected for the police medals on the eve of Republic Day.Dhiware had received the honour in 2000 also for meritorious services.Humbare was honoured with the Director General's Insignia also in 2011. He has got 201 rewards during his service.Joshi, who is in charge of the Deccan Gymkhana police station, has completed 34 years in service. He has earned 305 awards and was also honoured with the Director General's Insignia in 2008.Lanjile, in charge of the economic offences wing of the Pune rural police, has got 165 awards, while Nikam, who is heading the election cell at the special branch of the Pune police, has received 258 awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635635", "title": "Kalraj joins Uma in campaign", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after he kicked up a storm by reportedly dubbing Uma Bharti as an \"outsider not in reckoning for the CM's chair\", BJP vice-president and campaign-in-charge Kalraj Mishra reached Charkari to campaign for the Sadhvi. Wednesday saw a complete volte face by the veteran leader. Kalraj not only passionately pleaded with audience to \"vote for the Bundelkhand ki beti\" but also called her a younger sister. Uma reciprocated fully by publicly touching his feet.The new-found bonhomie comes as a big relief in the saffron camp. Though Kalraj had later denied having trashed Uma's claim to the top job or questioning her status, sources said that the reports had greatly upset top leadership. Talking to TOI, a senior partyman claimed that BJP president Nitin Gadkari had personally asked Kalraj to clear the air and patch up with the star campaigner. The public reunion, he said, was part of a well-calculated strategy.Charkhari, Uma's constituency has dominant presence of Lodhs and Brahmins. Besides, born and brought up in Bundelkhand, she has a strong support base due to regional loyalties. So, the party cannot take any chance with this prestigious seat. Kalraj, a strong Brahmin face of the UP BJP, therefore, becomes important in garnering the Brahmin votes. \"BJP was badly trounced in the region in the previous election and and we are hoping that Uma's magic would rub off on a few more adjacent constituencies and the party would better its tally. It is a delicate situation and each vote counts therefore any controversy could spell doom. The truce between Kalraj and Uma came at the the right time. Kalraj later told media persons that chief ministership was not an issue between them and that they were on best of terms.Visiting her constituency -known for its natural beauty -- first time after her candidature was announced by Gadkari, Uma received a rousing welcome.She could strike a rapport by effortlessly speaking the local dialect with villagers who gathered to welcome her in Kulpahar and Panwari, where she stopped en route.Later, addressing the public, the firebrand leader targeted the Congress trinity -- Sonia, Rahul Gandhi and Digvijay Singh.Dismissing the outsider tag which was attributed to her by Rahul at a public meeting in Charkhari last fortnight, Uma said she had been an MP from Khajuraho which in the one part of Bundelkhand and now she plans to make her presence felt \"in the other side of Bundelkhand\". I am one among you and certainly not an outsider as the Congress leader charged, she declared.Taking a pot shot at Sonia, she said that since the time her candidature was announced \"Sonia Gandhi has been asking her staff where is Charkhari.\" The leader pointedly chose English while mimicking Sonia. And finally she turned to her long-time rival from Madhya Pradesh -- Digvijay Singh. Digvijay, she told the audience, had stopped reacting to her statement because he felt she was too insignificant to be taken cognizance of.\"I would answer trough the ballot. I had made him bite the dust in MP and would ensure he met the similar fate in UP too\" she promised in her inimitable style.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634025", "title": "Pakistan stoking anti-India sentiments to divert attention from heat at home?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The resurgence of Hafiz Saeed, founder of Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) and its political arm Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD), in Pakistan's political firmament may be a sign of renewed efforts by its security establishment to stoke anti-India sentiments that would ultimately help divert attention from its domestic travails.New Delhi's concerns come amid its hope to celebrate a relatively peaceful Republic Day, compared to recent years, because terror threats are low and the security establishment is only fearful of some marginal violence in the north-east and Kashmir.According to sources in the intelligence establishment and media reports, Saeed is back to travelling around Pakistan, addressing rallies and holding meetings with other militant groups and being part of what is called the Pakistan Defence Council.\"For years confined to his power base in the eastern Punjab province, Mr Saeed is on the march - crisscrossing the country with a radical road show starring sectarian hate groups, Islamist parties and hawkish ex-generals. They call themselves the Pakistan Defence Council,\" the Financial Times reported. It said at a recent rally near Pakistan's army headquarters in Rawalpindi, Saeed addressed an estimated crowd of at least 10,000, who chanted: \"If God asks, we will go for jihad.\"A senior security establishment source said Saeed is \"back to freedom\", after it was curtailed in the wake of November 2008 Mumbai attacks. He was placed under house arrest twice after the Mumbai attacks, but his present freedom \"speaks volumes about the ramifications of Pakistan's internal crisis for India,\" he said.Another official pointed out that by reactivating the LeT and other anti-India forces, the Pakistani security establishment would be able to divert attention away from itself. The attention is focused on the Pakistan Army and ISI in the ongoing stand-off between the civilian and the security establishment. \"Any major development, like an attack on India, that would help them divert attention must be welcome to them,\" he said.Saeed told the Financial Times on the sidelines of a recent rally, \"Pakistan is facing very severe threats from both sides - India is one side, America and NATO forces are on the other, and the agenda of both is Pakistan...We want to send a message to them that the defence of Pakistan is uppermost in our minds.\"Indian sources said they have no specific inputs about any immediate threat from LeT, one of the deadliest terrorist organizations targeting India. However, the developments in Pakistan would only \"force one to believe that something is cooking,\" one source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635336", "title": "Delay in salaries puts pilots in misery", "text": "CHENNAI: It was a dream come true for K Prakash (name changed) when he landed a job as a co-pilot with Jet Airways last year. He had started to repay the loan he had taken to fund his training abroad. However, when the airline failed to credit his salary on time this month, he was left in a quandary as he was unable to pay his EMI on time. The airline finally paid salaries on January 14.Junior pilots, especially those working for Air India, are hit the hardest because they do not have adequate savings to continue to pay the instalments. AI junior pilots were paid their salary for November and performance-linked incentive (PLI) for August in January and that too after the pilots refused to report for work. AI also deducts training expenses from the pay of co-pilots. \"Pilots are stressed out because of the delay in pay. Tempers flare in the cockpit; pilots do not concentrate during briefings and drop in for work reluctantly.This is going to have a bearing on the safety of passengers. All they can think about is their loan repayments,\" said a senior pilot of Air India.Most of the junior pilots, who work as co-pilots, have taken loans to study in flying schools in the US, Australia and India. A private pilot licence costs as much as Rs4 lakh while commercial pilot licence and additional flying lessons cost between Rs10 lakh and Rs20 lakh.To fly a Boeing or an Airbus, a pilot has to get a Type Rating Certification. He has to pay for training to get the certification. There is a general sense of uneasiness among pilots cutting across different airlines. \"We are worried about the crisis airlines are facing. AI has been delaying salaries for sometime, while Kingfisher pilots had to hunt for new jobs. So we were shocked when our salaries also got delayed,\" said a Jet Airways pilot.A Jet Airways spokesperson said salaries would be paid regularly. \"We have changed the date of payment for different categories of employees. There is no problem with the payments.\" Sources said the airline has made changes to pay dates according to cash flow. Pilots feel this is just a ploy to reduce annual increments.An airline official said airlines are suffering losses of up to Rs20 crore a day because of the high cost of aviation turbine fuel. Pilots say there is a general impression that they get huge salaries. \"Pilot training is very costly. We have to spend a lot of money to upgrade our skills as private airlines have stopped funding type-rating expenses,\" apilot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634619", "title": "Delhi Bar Association polls cancelled", "text": "NEW DELHI: The elections of the Delhi Bar Association (DBA), the lawyer's body at Tis Hazari court complex, were cancelled on Wednesday following allegations of bogus voting.DBA president Rajiv Khosla said the decision of cancelling the elections was taken by the election commission after certain \"non-advocates\" entered the premises and started interfering with the voting procedure.\"This time we had not arranged for security on the voting day. Some non-advocates entered the polling booths wearing black coats and tried to interfere with the whole process. Things became difficult when they refused to show their ID cards and the chances of bogus voting increased,\" he said.The elections have now been rescheduled for February 1, he said.Khosla said arrangements will be made to ensure that such incidents are not repeated. In the meantime, the candidates will not be allowed to campaign for votes and action will be taken against those who indulge in illegal activities at the time of voting, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11633464", "title": "Muthuraman, Chhau guru Dubey, Limba Ram get Padma awards", "text": "RANCHI: Tata Steel vice-chairman B Muthuraman and Chhau guru Pandit Gopal Prasad Dubey from Jharkhand are among the 109 civilians who have been conferred Padma awards on the occasion of 63 Republic Day.Muthuraman has been conferred with Padma Bhushan for his contribution in the field of industry in a career spanning over three decades. He holds degrees in bachelor of technology from IIT Madras, and MBA from XLRI, Jamshedpur. He was recently bestowed an honorary degree of doctor of humane letters, Honoris Causa from Loyola University, Chicago.Dubey has been conferred with Padma Shree for his contribution in preserving and promoting Chhau, the traditional dance of Jharkhand. He comes from a family of Chhau dancers and started performing at age of four. His grandfather was a performer in the troupe that provided entertainment at the Royal Palace in the Saraikella.Archer Limba Ram, who hails from Rajasthan and has a link with the state for the sport's development, was surprised when he was informed that he has also been conferred with Padma Shree award. Recently, he was in Jamshedpur to take part in the senior national archery championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11635084", "title": "Dubai fest charms Panesars &amp; Taggars", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two couples had a memorable time at the Dubai shopping festival, which they found too huge and beyond their expectations. Resident of Gill Road, Karamvir Panesar's family and resident of Dugri, Mandeep Taggar's family returned to the city recently with rich experience.Businessman Karamvir said it was his idea of going to Dubai for the festival, so he spoke to his friend, Mandeep, to join his family for outing to which he readily agreed. He said the tour was so wonderful that the memories for the same will never fade. Karam's wife, Parinita said they spent about a week in Dubai. She had heard that the festival is big, but it was so huge that it cannot be expressed in words. \"If you spend whole day at the fest, even then you will feel that you have missed a lot. She purchased some electronics goods and perfumes.Businessman Mandeep said they got the opportunity to visit Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world, which was a marvel. He said Desert Safari added to the flavour to the tour. The bumpy sand ride, traditional belly dance and Arabic food were an icing on the cake for him. His wife, Rupinder said Atlantis, the palm hotel resort at Palm in Dubai was an extraordinary addition, where they relished the aquaventure water park covering 42 fun-illed rides. All in all the experience was marvelous, added Rupinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11635907", "title": "Param Vishisht Seva medal for Air Marshal", "text": "BANGALORE: Air Marshal Dhiraj Kukreja, air officer commanding-in-chief, Headquarters Training Command, Bangalore, was conferred with Param Vishisht Seva Medal for his services.The Air Marshal was commissioned in IAF's fighter stream in June 1972. He switched to the transport stream in 1987 and has flown extensively in the North-East and Ladakh sectors on AN-32 and IL-76 aircraft.He was awarded Vishisht Seva Medal in 1998 and Athi Vishisht Seva Medal in 2004. He was also awarded Commendation by Chief of Air Staff in 1994. Since last year, he is the honourary ADC to the President of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634448", "title": "AP hogs 95% science olympiad berths", "text": "MUMBAI: The brightest kids, the ones who know their sciences, come from Andhra Pradesh. Or at least that is what the results of a national-level test forces one to believe.A blue-chip pan-India examination conducted to pick the best brains who will go on to flaunt their scientific brawn on the international stage, has selected almost everyone from this southern state, leaving thousands of other teenage test takers flummoxed.Over 23,000 ninth-graders from schools across the country participated in the National Standard Examination in Junior Science (NSEJS) conducted by the Indian Association of Physics Teachers November last year. Only the first 300 were elevated to the second round which will be held at the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, later this week. But, what has left students and selectors equally aghast is that 286 of the 300 who qualified in the first round came from Andhra Pradesh. Run through that list and 94 successful candidates sat for the exam at one centre in the education hub of Narayanaguda, Hyderabad - Ratna Junior College.When the names of the 300 contenders were passed on to the HBCSE, it decided to extend the list to do away with the regional bias. \"There seemed to be striking regional disparity and extending the merit list was the only fair thing to do,\" said Jayashree Ramdas, chair, National Steering Committee Science and Astronomy Olympiads.So, five days hence, a second list was out. That hardly changed the equation. Again, of the top 535, a whopping 450, or 84%, spots were occupied by children from Andhra Pradesh. Ramdas added, \"There are some places in India where the concentration of coaching classes is high. For instance, we get more students from Rajasthan and AP. But this year, the results are very extreme.\" Coaching classes that train students for the Olympiad see something amiss too. When the merit list was pored over, heads of some classes alleged that students belonging to one top coaching institute in AP had cornered a large number of slots.M L Oglapurkar who heads IAPT ruled out any instance of cheating. While he acknowledged the fact that there were far too many students who qualified from AP this year, he reasoned it to the fact that the state had the highest enrolment of students who took the NSEJS. But there was more than what meets the eye, said some.The rule of thumb is that most children who participate and go on to do well in the NSEJS have also invariably qualified in the National Talent Search Examination. \"Out of 286 students from AP, only 18 have either cleared NTSE stage 1 or stage 2,\" said Saurabh Khanna, who trains students for competitive exams. Parents whose children were rejected only hope that the selection process has been fair. For, from these students, a final team of 12 will be carved out to represent India in the International Junior Astronomy Olympiad and the International Junior Science Olympiad.When the merit list was pored over, heads of some classes alleged that students belonging to one top coaching institute in AP had cornered a large number of slots. Most did not rule out mass cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11634374", "title": "Will Ritesh upset Sudin's Marcaim apple cart?", "text": "PONDA: If given the Congress ticket for Marcaim, the debut of Ritesh Naik-son of home minister and Ponda MLA Ravi Naik-is likely to change political equations in the constituency and perhaps, after over a decade, throw up a keen contest.Marcaim has been a stronghold of regional outfit, Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP), since the first general elections. Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar is the sitting legislator and has been representing Marcaim since 1999.Sources say Ritesh's entry will definitely add colour to the election bout though he may not get the backing of the local party unit as he is not from Marcaim. It is also to be seen if Ritesh will be able to shake Dhavalikar's apple cart. Dhavalikar won the seat in 2007 with a majority of 7,609 votes over rival, Congress candidate Govind Gaude who polled 4,532 of the 19,179 votes.The 63.30% votes Dhavalikar polled was a tad below the 63.91% he had polled in 2002. He had debuted with 38.94% votes in 1999.Over the years, he has maintained a large voter base in the constituency and has a strong following.In all three past elections, Ramchandra Naik Mule was a common candidate.While he contested in 1999 and 2002 on Congress tickets, in 2007 he fought as an independent, when he was refused the Congress ticket. He polled just 549 (2.86%) votes in 2007 and lost his deposit.Speaking to TOI, Mule said he is also an aspirant for the Congress ticket as he is a Congress loyalist and has worked for the party and its candidate in the past.When pointed out that he had contested against the party candidate in the last polls, he said, \"Let's see what the party decides this time.\" He did not rule out the possibility of contesting as an independent again. \"I have not yet decided what to do if denied the party ticket,\" he said.BJP has been the only other party to win in Marcaim. This was in 1994 when it had a pre-poll alliance with the MGP. The BJP-MGP alliance candidate Shripad Naik defeated Congress Ravi Naik (Naik had joined Congress from MGP in 1991) in the 1994 election. In 1999, Ravi contested from Ponda and won.Election 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "venur (dk district)", "code": "11635354", "title": "This time, Pratham kalasha is bought at a record price", "text": "VENUR (DK DISTRICT): The 'pratham kalasha', which will be used to anoint Lord Bahubali on the final day of the 'mahamasthakabhisheka', which is first of 1,008 kalashas to be poured on the monolith, has been sold out. The pratham kalasha has been bought by a Delhi-based businessman RK Jain for Rs 11 lakh!But for those (only Jains get this honour) who want to take part in the last day abhishekha, there are several other kalasha available, starting with Shathamana (denoting five centuries of installation of the monolith) kalasha, which are five in number and they cost Rs 5 lakh each. The next is rathna kalasha, 10 in number, is priced at Rs 3 lakh each. Starting with pratham kalasha there are 10 types of kalasha, -- the least, Bhakthi Kalasha, costing Rs 2,555 and they are 532 in number - but these too have been sold out.Ashok Jain, secretary, Bhagavan Shri Bahubali Swami Mahamasthakabhisheka Committee, said: \"Starting from Pratham to Rajatha kalasha, all are made of silver, the value of which is roughly 10% of donation amount and the donor will retain the kalasha after the abhishekha.\" He said prathama kalasha will be used by the donor to anoint the Bahubali. After 1,008 kalasha abhishekha the 'poorna kumbhabhisheka' and 'Chatushkona kalasa abhisheka' will take place. All these kalashas contain water that's brought from a well at Shathinatha Basadi about two furlongs from the main venue. After this ritual, tender coconut water, cane juice, milk, rice powder, turmeric, Kashaya (medicinal plants), Chatushkona kumbha, sri gandha paste, chandana paste, astha gandha, flowers, and poornakumbha will be poured and applied on the monolith.There will be a jala abhishekha again after this. From the first day till January 31, 108 kalasha abhishekha will be done; from February 1 to 3, 216 kalasha abhishekha, and on February 4, 504 kalasha will be done. The final day the abhishekha will be of 1,008 kalasha. Devotees who will be performing abhishekha on a particular day should bear the expenses, including that of the entire day's meals, which is about Rs 6 to Rs 8 lakh.Gunadhara acharya arrivesThe purapravesha (entering into city) of Sri 108 Gunadhara Acharya, founder of Navagraha Teertha, Varur, 105 Sri Nutanmati Mataji, 105 Sri Namanmati Mataji, 105 Sri Chakramati Mataji, 105 Sri Satyamati Mataji and Sadhvis was solemnized in Moodbidri on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11635032", "title": "50 Jains and an annual family reunion", "text": "LUDHIANA: Nuclear families may be the prevalent trend but the Jain family ensures that they don't forget their relatives, caught in the humdrum of life. Spread across the city and even in Jalandhar, Amritsar and New Delhi, 18 cousins and their respective families had a grand reunion party on Sunday at a city hotel. A total of 50 people, between 25 and 50 years old, attended the party, catching up with each other's lives and even getting introduced for the first time.Raman Enclave-resident Sachin Jain, corporate trainer and assistant professor in Punjab College of Technical Education said the annual party is a significant event for the family.''My father has four brothers and three sisters and I have 18 cousins in all. Since all of us are busy in our daily routines and have little time to stay in touch so this party is a good way of keeping up our relations. The agenda is to help our kids also know each other and connect. We prepare for the get together some months in advance and one of us plays the host,'' Sachin said.This time, the ''host'' was businessman Mohnish Jain. Though Mohnish stays in Amritsar, the party was organized in Ludhiana because most of the other family members stay here. ''It is a beautiful tradition to meet once a year for a reunion. Usually reunions are organized in schools and colleges but we are proud to do it in our family,'' he said. Neha, a student who stays in Punjab Mata Nagar, said, ''I met an uncle I had never seen before even though we stay in the same city. It was wonderful.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634727", "title": "R-Day relief: LG grants remission to about 2500 Tihar convicts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bringing relief to about 2500 convicts lodged in Tihar Jail, the lieutenant governor has granted remission to them on the eve of Republic Day. This special remission has been granted to convicts who have sentences ranging from less than a year to more than 10 years.\"This remission has been granted only to inmates who belong to Delhi. It includes 2500 convicts this time. Convicts have been carefully selected and those who have maintained good conduct during their stay in jail have been granted remission,\" said Tihar Jail law officer Sunil Gupta.This is a discretionary power of the state government under Section 432 of the CrPC. \"According to this law, when any person has been sentenced for an offence, the appropriate government may at any time suspend the execution of his sentence or remit the whole or any part of the punishment to which he has been sentenced,\" explained Gupta.Those convicted for terrorist activities and held under the NDPS Act or other crimes of serious nature will not be able to avail this facility. Convicts who have served a sentence of more than 10 years have been granted remission of two months, those for a period of five to 10 years have been granted a remission of 45 days and prisoners sentenced one to five years have been remitted by one month. Meanwhile, inmates who have served below one year have been granted 15 days remission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "11640373", "title": "Gita verdict: Russian prosecutors planning to file appeal", "text": "MOSCOW: Undeterred by a Siberian court's rejection of their plea seeking a ban on a translated version of the Bhagvad Gita, Russian prosecutors are planning to file an appeal against the verdict on the holy book dubbed by them as \"extremist literature\".Prosecutors in the Siberian city of Tomsk argue that the Russian translation of \"Bhagvad Gita As It Is\" promotes \"social discord\" and hatred towards non-believers, an issue which caused anger among believers around the world and forced New Delhi to take up the matter with Moscow.The text is a combination of the Bhagvad Gita, one of Hinduism's holiest scriptures, and commentary by A C Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, founder of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness, that is commonly known as the Hare Krishna movement, ISKCON.The deadline to file an appeal against the December 28, 2011 ruling by a Tomsk court, which turned down the petition seeking a ban on the book, expired yesterday, Sadhu Priya Das, of ISKCON, Moscow , who is also Chairman of newly-formed Hindu Council of Russia, told PTI.His comments came when asked about reports in the Russian media that prosecutors in Tomsk were filing an appeal against the court's ruling. \"The prosecutors have sought more time from the same court (which rejected their plea last month) for filing an appeal against the verdict\" in a higher court, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11635101", "title": "Silent protest by teachers on R-Day", "text": "NASHIK: Shikshan Haqq Samanvaya Samiti, a group representing Marathi school teachers, will be protesting silently on January 26, against the state government's policy since 2005-06 of not granting permission for new Marathi medium schools. The protest will begin at 8.30am after the flag hoisting ceremonyon account of Republic Day at Hutatma Smarak.\"We will be standing in silent protest near Bytco Girls School opposite the collector's office with banners, posters and handbills listing our demands. We are also having a signature campaign,\" Arun Thakur, coordinator of the Samiti said . Since 2005-06, permission for starting new primary or secondary Marathi schools is not being given. The government has rejected the proposals for opening 17000 new Marathi schools in the State in June 2008, informed Thakur.Parents and supporters of Marathi medium schools feel that if permission is granted to these schools, the government will also have to make grants available for them and that may be the reason why they have put a 'ban' on new Marathi schools.\"English medium schools are being granted permission freely but not Marathi schools.\"In 2008-09, fresh proposals for new Marathi schools and grants for the present ones were asked by the government but nothing positive came out of it, say the members.There are 657 such schools in the Nashik district. Marathi schools opened after 2005 were declared unauthorised.Last year during Gudhi Padwa, the volunteers observed indefinite hunger strike at Azad Maidan, Mumbai. The state education minister, Rajendra Darda had assured the protestors that the schools would be recognised soon and that till then no action would be taken against the Marathi educators. But nothing has been done almost a year later owing to which the members of the Samiti have decided to protest once again.\"Being Republic Day, we will not be saying slogans but will protest silently,\" said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633531", "title": "Suicide at Metro station disrupts services", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro Railway services were affected for over 30 minutes on Wednesday afternoon after an unidentified man, aged about 55 years, jumped onto the tracks at the Central station. Two coaches of a train passed over himand it took some time for Metro officials to ascertain whether he was still alive. Till then, Truncated services were run between Dum Dum and Girish Park and Kavi Subhas and Mahanayak Uttam Kumar.At 1.26pm, when a Dum Dum-bound train was entering the Central station, the man jumped in front of it. The motorman applied emergency brakes but was unable to stop the train on time. By the time it stopped, two coaches had passed over the spot where the man had jumped.\"Services would not have been disrupted for so long had we reversed the rake immediately. However, we checked under the rake and found that the man had not been run over and there was a possibility of him being still alive. Around 1.30 pm, we stopped services between Mahanayak Uttam Kumar and Girish Park.The rake was reversed very carefully to ensure that no part of the man's body came under the wheels. Power to the third rail was then switched offand station staff got down on the tracks to see if he was still alive. Unfortunately, he had died in the initial impact of the moving train,\" a Metro official said.There were no documents on the body by which the man's identity could be ascertained. The body was handed over to authorities of the Bowbazar police station and normal train services resumed at 2 pm. This was the 230{+t}{+h} suicide attempt in the Metro Railway network since its inception. Of all these cases, Metro staff succeeded in saving 114 lives. The remaining died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635870", "title": "Every child will go to school: CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Listing the achievements of her government, chief minister Sheila Dikshit assured that no child in Delhi will be denied admission in school. Speaking at the state-level Republic Day celebration, Dikshit said the department of education has been instructed to ensure admissions to all children eligible under the EWS quota.\"The government is committed to impart useful quality education to the wards of the weaker sections of the society,\" Dikshit said in her address at the Chhatrasal Stadium on the eve of the 63rd Republic Day.Pointing out that this was the 14th time that she will unfurl the tricolour at the state celebrations, Dikshit said people of Delhi have shown faith in her government and elected her to power for three consecutive terms. Dikshit's speech was preceded by a parade by Delhi Police, Home guard, NCC cadets, civil defence and children from various schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "11640219", "title": "Bangladesh unveils cyber watchdog", "text": "DHAKA: Bangladesh unveiled a new cyber watchdog to thwart internet crimes after reports suggested that the plotters of last week's botched coup wanted to use internet facilities to spearhead their campaign to oust the Prime Minster Sheikh Hasina's government.'Bangladesh Computer Security Incident Response Team (BD-CSIPT)' started operating today with an aim to secure the country's information and communication system.The reports said some serving and retired army officers who allegedly participated in the botched coup plot wanted to social networks like Facebook for their communication and draw support for their campaign to overthrow the government.\"The BD-CSIRT is mainly assigned to identify the sites and persons or institutions who will engage in operating harmful activities against the state, society, political and religious beliefs using the mobile phone, website and different social networking sites,\" Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission (BTRC) chairman Major Gen (retd) Zia Ahmed told state-run BSS news agency.It will also recommend taking punitive measures against the offenders, and in some cases it will take action directly as per the authority given by the telecom act, Ahmed said.The regulatory body chief said that three cyber crime experts of the BTRC who took training from abroad has already started work in full swing to monitor the country's cyber world and it would continue relentlessly.Ahmed said the BD-CSIPT has been formed to ensure the country's security for information and communication system as different kinds of value-added services like e-banking, e-ticketing and many others have been initiated, which require strong security system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11641558", "title": "4 Navy officers in dock over social websites indiscretion", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Naval Board of Inquiry has recommended action against four senior officers who were facing charges of allegedly possessing and leaking classified information through social networking websites.Navy sources said a Board of Inquiry (BoI) was ordered against the four officers from the technical branch for allegedly possessing classified information on their personal computers.They were also found to be allegedly sharing the informations on social networking websites such as Facebook, which could have been seen by foreign nationals also.They said the charges against the officers were found to be correct by the Board and it has now recommended action against them. The quantum of punishment recommended for these officers is not yet known.However, the Navy spokesperson here refused to comment on the issue.The inquiry was ordered by the Western Command in December after it suspected that information about service matters was being shared in open domain.Navy had in the past issued guidelines to its officers and personnel against discussing any official information or identify their warships' location in public domain.The Indian armed forces have been issuing circulars and guidelines for its officers and personnel against putting up any professional information on social networking websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633540", "title": "Fresh trouble for Modi: SC panel to look into more 'fake encounters'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the monitoring authority headed by its former judge to look into the alleged fake encounters between 2002 to 2006 in Gujarat and file its report within three months.The state government had appointed former apex court judge M S Shah in April last year to monitor the investigation into the killings in the alleged fake encounters within the period.\"Having regard to the fact that a monitoring authority has been put in place and a former judge of this court is its chairman, we desire the chairman to look into all instances of the alleged fake encounters mentioned in the two writ petitions,\" a bench comprising Justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad said.\"We want the probe to be thorough so that truth in each case is revealed,\" the bench said while hearing the petitions relating to alleged fake encounters in Gujarat which purportedly showed a pattern that people from the minority community were targeted as terrorists.The bench added that it will be open for the chairman of the monitoring authority to constitute an independent team either with officer from Gujarat Special Task Force (STF) or from outside.The court said it will also be open for the chairman of the monitoring authority to call for earlier police records or records from human rights bodies in respect of any encounter death, which has been mentioned in the writ petitions.However, the bench clarified that monitoring authority will not go into the cases which are being investigated by other agencies on orders of the apex court.It also said that the chairman of the monitoring authority, if so desires, could give hearing to petitioners in the case or kin of the victims of encounter deaths.The judges said the petitions on the issue were pending for several years but no substantive order was passed till date and subsequent developments like appointment of Special Task Force and setting up of monitoring authority had taken place during the pendency of the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11633665", "title": "Father, son among 4 killed in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A father-son duo were among the four killed and seven injured in mishap involving three vehicles at Bothli near Butibori on Wednesday morning. The mishap took place around 10.45 am while home minister R R Patil was on his way to Chandrapur.The rural traffic cops on security duty for minister's visit were alerted about the accident that took place minutes before Patil's convoy was to pass through the spot. After learning of the mishap, Patil stopped to enquire about the victims. The minister spared two cars from his convoy to rush the victims to Government Medical College and Hospital. After being at the place for about 20 minutes, Patil proceeded to Chandrapur.The collision took place when Tata Sumo coming from Nagpur hit the road divider and rolled over to the other side of the road. There it collided with a Toyota Innova heading to Nagpur from Yavatmal. It then fell into a pit. The collision made Innova turn 180 degrees and stop in the middle of carriageway where it was hit by a car coming towards Nagpur.Mukesh (25) and his father Babasaheb (70) Nandanwar, residents of Satnami Nagar, who were travelling in the Sumo were declared brought dead at GMCH. Bhandara resident Parvatibai Gonade (60) and Kamlabai Kumbhare, a resident of Vaishali Nagar, died shortly after being admitted. They too were in the Sumo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11634637", "title": "I want Manipur to smile: Mamata", "text": "IMPHAL: West Bengal chief minister and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday met Manipur's 'Iron lady' Irom Sharmila Chanu and promised her that if Trinamool Congress (TMC) comes to power in the state, the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA) will be withdrawn.After landing at Imphal airport at 1.50 pm, Mamata drove straight to J N Hospital, where Sharmila is being forcibly fed through the nose for the past 11 years. \"We recognize your struggle and your plight. I want Manipur to smile. If TMC comes to power, we will remove AFSPA,\" Mamata told Sharmila. The Iron Lady has been on a fast demanding the repeal of AFSPA from the state for over a decade now. Sharmila told Mamata that AFSPA is a draconian law and she will continue her fast till it is withdrawn from Manipur.Later, addressing TMC's election rally at Langjing Achouba ground in Imphal West, Mamata became the first prominent leader who seriously sought votes on the AFSPA issue. \"If Trinamool forms the next government, we will not allow any Army rule in Manipur. I love Army, but I am against policies making wrong use of the Army. Army rule cannot continue for so long. We need peace and for that a concrete political policy is needed,\" she said, amid applause by 10,000 Trinamool supporters.By raising the point of lifting the act, which gives absolute powers to armed forces personnel, Mamata has joined the anti-AFSPA campaign despite UPA-II government's non-committal stand on the act. TMC is a key ally in the UPA-II government. The Centre has been unable to lift or amend the act due to stiff opposition by the defence ministry, though the home ministry has trying to find a consensus in bringing some amendment to the act.Launching an attack against the ruling Congress-CPI government, Mamata said, \"If the ruling parties cannot perform, it's time now to throw them out and give a chance to another party.\"She said she had last visited Manipur 10 years ago and said the state is now in a horrible condition. \"I don't understand why the government has failed to deliver. Manipur has got 90 per cent subsidy from the Centre,\" she said. In a people-connect bid, Mamata began her speech with a few lines in Manipuri, \"Nungshijara-ba praja, echil-enao, Trinamool Congress ta vote pibiyu, vote at Lei and Napi (My beloved people, brothers and sisters, please vote for Trinamool Congress on the flower and grass symbol).\"Highlighting her achievements in West Bengal during the last eight months, she said her government has released many prisoners from jail including KLO militants. \"We have allocated a development package for Jungle Mahal,\" Mamata said, clearly indicating her seriousness to tackle the insurgency problem in Manipur. Trying to woo militants and their families, she said, \"We will also release all political prisoners in Manipur, if elected to power. If Darjeeling can smile now, Manipur should also smile,\" she said.Trinamool is fielding 47 candidates in this assembly election and is considered a dark horse. Mamata's rally is all set to boost the morale of the party, which at present does not have any prominent political figure in the state. Many Manipur TMC members are young and include former student leaders. \"I want a green Manipur. Green depicts peace, development and progress,\" she said.She highlighted Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose's Imphal campaign and reminded that Netaji's INA hoisted the national Tricolour for the first time on Indian soil at Moirang in Manipur.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11633282", "title": "Woman Maoist cadre surrenders in Gajapati", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A woman Maoist cadre laid down arms on Wednesday before SP (Gajapati) at Paralakhemundi upset with the behaviour of cadres from Chhattisgarh.She is Tabita Mallick (18) of Jamugada village within Adava police limits. Tabita was upset because women cadres were not allowed to marry the man of their choice and neither allowed to return to their village. The Maoists also did not pay for their daily requirements.She was allegedly involved in Maoist-related incidents in Gajapati and Kandhamal districts in the last two years. This includes murder of samiti member of Srirampur panchayat, destruction of Naryanpur liquor bhati in Kandhamal district in 2011 and firinf at Gopinathpur in Gajapati district in 2010.SP (Gajapati) Sarthak Sarangi said Mallick had joined the Maoists in 2009 and was working with Azad in Vansadhara Division of the CPI (Maoist).She was shifted to the Ghumusar division after Azad surrendered and was working with Nikhil in the Ghumusara division. She was trained by top-Maoist leaders like Azad, Subash and Lalu at Pokhara and Jurakua in Rayagada and Ganjam districts respectively in 2009 and 2010, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633869", "title": "President urges nation to trust it\u2019s institutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an indirect reference to the Anna Hazare movement that had divided the political discourse sharply, President Pratibha Patil on Wednesday exhorted people to trust the nation's institutions and not be quick to direct blame at others.Asking people to resolve problems through dialogue and deliberations Patil said, \"The purpose of discussions and deliberations is to find solutions. Often, we are quick to find blame with others; but, yet are unable to give constructive responses. There seems to be a tendency to doubt almost everything. Do we not have faith in our own people's strengths and in our institutions? Can we afford distrust amongst ourselves? Nations are built through patience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11633720", "title": "Odisha talks tough on tour operators", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government is peeved over the reported attempt of some tour operators to lure foreign tourists to the heartland of primitive Bonda tribes in the Maoist-infested Malkangiri district by putting up objectionable contents in websites about their lifestyle and dressing habits.\"This is not the way to promote anything. Any observation about a community in public domain must be in good taste. We will ask the operators to remove the questionable writings from their websites forthwith. If they don't pay heed to us, we will initiate legal action against them,\" state tourism and culture secretary Ashok Tripathy told TNN.Tripathy said during his recent visit to the World Tourism Mart in London he had interacted with a number of tour operators and found most of them interested only in \"experiencing the environment and tribal people residing there\". \"Nearly 50,000 tourists come Odisha in a year, about 5,000 of whom visit tribal areas. They are all rich and enlightened visitors. Cheap offers like Bondas are naked and their photographs cannot lure them. It is obnoxious that some tour operators have made such references. We are initiating steps to stop this kind of propaganda,\" Tripathy said.The Bondas, one of the primitive tribes of Odisha, live in the high hills of Khairput block of Malkangiri district. The 2011 census put their population at a little over 6,650 spread over 32 villages. The hill, spread over 130 sqkm, is full of forest and nearly 4000 ft above the mean sea-level. Majority of Bondas live in the lower half of the hill and have over the years drastically changed to be like any normal person in the plains.The lifestyle of a few hundred Bondas living up in the hills, though has also changed, nevertheless continue to present primitive looks. The women mostly cover their bodies with colourful beads and their private parts by small pieces of cloth which they stitch with threads bought from Onukudelli and Mundiguda weekly markets. The Bondas speak in Remo, an Austro-Asiatic language belonging to Mundari group. The markets are about about 18 to 20 km away from the hills. The Bondas come to the market early in the morning and return before sunset. While the women do the marketing, their male counterparts sit at a distance with their watchful eyes on them. \"Violence was rampant in Bonda society earlier. Time has changed. They have vastly improved, thanks to TV, mobile phones, electricity in villages, spread of education and availability of health care facilities, said Jugal Kishore Ransingh, welfare extension officer of Bonda Development Agency (BDA), set up in 1977. The Bonda area has now 17 primary schools, 13 anganwadi centres, two dispensaries, two post offices, hostel exclusively for Bonda girls, he said.Following controversies that tour operators are taking visitors, particularly foreigners, and taking nude pictures of primitive tribes, the state government in 1988-89 banned tourists visiting Bonda villages without permission from the home department or collector. \"The Bondas are very sensitive in nature. There were incidents of Bonda women running helter skelter seeing camera flash and their males attacking and injuring tourists,\" said Benjamin Simon, a city-based major tour operator.\"An estimated 1,200 foreigners visit Bonda area in a year during the season from October to March. There are elements in our trade who are not sensitive to tribals. They are instrumental in bringing bad name for the state and the business as well,\" Benjamin said adding \"it is time the government must take on them seriously\". Gagan Sarangi, director of Dove Tours, said: \"There are foreigners visiting the tribal areas independently. Since visit to Bonda areas is permitted up to the weekly markets, many avoid taking the help of tour operators. Such people are unaware of basic rules end up hurting the sentiments of people and get a bad name to our profession\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634161", "title": "\u2018Accident victim safe\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-year-old boy, Neel Mahadik, sustained serious injuries after a speeding car hit him in Bandra (W). The police booked the teenaged motorist for rash and negligent driving last Thursday. They also arrested the boy and released him on bail the same day.The accused was driving his mother's car and his friends were in the vehicle at the time of the incident. The matter was reported to the police but no offence was registered. An officer said there was a dispute between the two sides on the treatment expenses but it was sorted out afterwards.The victim was out of danger, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635310", "title": "4 naval officers leak confidential info on social media, face action", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four naval officers are in the dock after they were reportedly found divulging information about the location of warships and other confidential data on social networking websites, which was even being accessed by foreign nationals.Stringent action, including dismissal from service, has been apparently recommended against the four commander-rank officers (equivalent to Lt-Colonels in Army) by a Board of Inquiry (BoI) at the Mumbai-based Western Naval Command (WNC), the Indian Navy's premier command that controls most of the country's frontline warships, including aircraft carrier INS Viraat, say sources.The four officers were being tracked for quite some time by naval authorities for allegedly leaking confidential information, including location of warships, armaments being carried by them and their patrolling patterns, say sources.Despite being contacted, both the Navy HQ in New Delhi as well as the WNC, Mumbai, refused to answer the queries.This is the second such case being kept under the wraps by the WNC within the last 30 days. As earlier reported by TOI, a young naval officer Bipin Kumar had drowned after his commanding officer on the guided-missile stealth frigate INS Talwar had asked him to jump overboard as part of a harsh training drill.Over the last few years, the armed forces have been regularly asking their officers, through regular circulars and alerts, not to post service-related matters on the social websites like Facebook and Orkut, fearing leakage of sensitive information to enemy forces.\"It's a question of national security. The officers could be misled online to divulge information that is not in the public domain, like the exact location of a battalion or some other unit. Information security is central to matters military,\" said a senior officer.While the military authorities may have repeatedly issued instructions that violation of Internet usage rules may invite strict disciplinary action, including imprisonment, the fact is many service officers are quite active on the Internet and social networking sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11635269", "title": "City in high R-Day spirits", "text": "KANPUR: The Republic Day spirit was evident on Wednesday with the streets being lit up with tricoloured lights and public places, including malls and restaurants, being decorated with 'Tiranga balloons'. Locals, government employees, students and kids are all ready to celebrate the day on Thursday. This time the Tiranga caps and batches are also much in demand.The district administration will organise 'Praphat Pheri' where schoolchildren will walk for the country. The flag hosting on early Thursday morning will be conducted at all government departments and other organisations. City hospital, including Lala Lajpat Rai, Ursula Horsman Memorial, Kamlapat, AHM-Duffrin, as well as private hospitals have been decorated with tricoloured flags and stripes.All hospital medical superintendents will host the National Flag on their respective hospital premises and distribute sweets and fruits among patients and hospital staff.The schools of special children, spastic centre and 'Andh Vidyalaya' will also be celebrating this day. These differently-able kids will come together to mark the occasion with cultural programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634662", "title": "Flight delayed due to simian menace", "text": "NAGPUR: Simian menace forced the Indigo airlines commander of the Mumbai-Nagpur-Kolkata flight to delay landing at the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport on Tuesday evening.The flight, which had 116 passengers, was to touchdown at 5pm but was diverted to Hyderabad. It finally landed in Nagpur at 8.15pm and took off for Kolkata 30 minutes later.After deer, dogs and pigs, a troupe of 70-75 monkeys have started creating havoc in the operational area. They are seen in small groups, usually early in the morning and afternoon.Three years ago, the then airport operator Airport Authority of India (AAI) officials had employed a monkey catcher to get rid of the menace which seems to have returned again.Abadesh Prasad, the chief operating officer of Mihan India Limited (MIL) which runs the airport, said the Indigo commander had already been alerted about the monkeys on the runway and was asked to wait for clearance. However, he decided to divert the flight to Hyderabad.Prasad said, \"Territorial war may be the reason for the return of monkey menace. The MIL, has already decided to appoint animal trappers who will also guard the runway and operational area round the clock.\"Interestingly, these simians do not seem to be afraid of the eight high-tech 'zon guns' -- an LPG cylinder-operated device with a rotating barrel -- which booms roughly every 30-40 seconds to scare the animals away. Airport sources said the guns are not functioning properly due to lack of maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633640", "title": "Padma awards announced, posthumous honour for Hazarika, Miranda", "text": "NEW DELHI: Late legendary singer Bhupen Hazarika, late cartoonist Mario De Miranda and former Intelligence Bureau chief T V Rajeswar have been selected for this year's Padma Vibhushan, which is the second highest civilian award of the country after Bharat Ratna.In all, 110 people from all walks of life like arts, public affairs, sports, science, literature, education, social services and industry will be conferred with Padma Awards which, besides Padma Vibhushan, also include Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri.Other prominent persons in this year's Padma Awards' list are retired civil servant Mata Prasad - first Dalit who had served as secretary-rank officer at the Centre - former CVC N Vittal and former ambassador Ronen Sen; film actors Dharmendra and Shabana Azmi; prominent cardiologist Devi Prasad Shetty and film producerdirector Mira Nair. All of them are in the list of 27 Padma Bhushan awardees.The list of awardees, announced by the government on the eve of 63rd Republic Day on Wednesday, comprises of 19 women and 11 in the category of foreigners or NRIs or PIOs including four from the US, two each from UK and Singapore and one each from Germany, Japan and Switzerland.The awards, announced each year on the occasion of the Republic Day, are conferred by the President at a function held at the Rashtrapati Bhawan around March or AprilThe other two who will get Padma Vibhushan includes 88-year-old painter K G Subramanyam and well known orthopedic, Kantilal Hastimal Sancheti, in whose hospital in Pune Anna Hazare had recently undergone treatment.Government has once again not selected anyone for the Bharat Ratna. Late vocalist Bhimsen Joshi was the last awardee in this category in 2009. Usually, this award is also announced on the eve of the Republic Day. So far, 41 people have been conferred with the country's highest civilian award ever since its inception in 1954.Besides five Padma Vibhushan, the government will confer 27 Padma Bhushan and 77 Padma Shri out of total 109 Padma Awards which includes one 'duo' case (counted as one) of vocalists Ramakant Gundecha and Umakant Gundecha of Madhya Pradesh (for Padma Shri).While Padma Vibhushan is awarded for \"exceptional and distinguished\" service, Padma Bhushan is meant for \"distinguished service of high order\" and Padma Shri for \"distinguished\" service.Painter Jatin Das, London-based sculpture artist Anish Kapoor and Carnatic instrumentalist T V Gopalakrishnan are among others who will be awarded Padma Bhushan.Filmmaker Soman Nair Priyadarsan and bhajan singer Anup Jalota will be given Padma Shri. The others who are selected for Padma Shri include globally renowned tiger expert and wildlife scientist Ullas Karanth; musician Vanraj Bhatia, vocalist Zia Fariduddin Dagar, former hockey player Zafar Iqbal , woman cricketer Jhulan Goswami, sports commentator Ravi Chaturvedi and archer Limba Ram.Besides Hazarika who died in last November, five others from the north-east have also been selected for Padma Awards. It includes 86-year-old Nameirakpam Ibemni Devi, a pioneer of Manipur's Khongjom Parba style of singing; photographer Sunil Janah of Assam; social activist Binny Yanga, who runs the Oju Welfare Association in Arunachal Pradesh; writer-educationist Kedar Gurung of Sikkim and Mizo educationist Ralte L Thanmawia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11639373", "title": "Where is the freedom?", "text": "On India's 63rd Republic Day, when the nation pauses to celebrate the day when India's Constitution came into being, angry and appalled citizens find that they are being denied the very fundamental rights and civil liberties that our Constitution guarantees.The Salman Rushdie-Jaipur Literature Fest controversy, where the organizers were forced to pull the plug on Rushdie's video-link, couldn't have come at a worse time. And it follows close on the heels of yet another controversy that had the whole nation tweet away in an angry uproar against minister Kapil Sibal , who suggested that social media content should be screened.The common man feels that his freedom is at stake. Gags on artistes and filmmakers who dare to hold a mirror to society; police action on those who protest or demonstrate; brutal murders of citizens who want to exercise their Right To Information, to the more common, yet very brazen suggestions to censor everything from what you tweet and what you say, to what you wear and whom you date - one can't help but wonder where exactly is the freedom of expression, a right which is guaranteed by our Constitution.We are constantly gagged 'Freedom of Speech' is a democratic right given to fundamentalists and regressive-minded people as the intelligentsia is robbed off it. 'Freedom of Speech' is defined by the right to rob artistes of their expression by muting them in the guise of protecting regressive sentiments. The Censor Board tells me that my film might hurt certain sensibility. What about hurting and insulting the artistes' sensibility by gagging us. Why is that allowed? Why does art have to follow the dictates of the common denomination. Be it painting, a sculpture, literature or cinema? We are constantly gagged.\" - Bollywood filmmaker Onir (of \"I Am\"fame)350 RTI deaths so far \"There is no protection for the common man who files an RTI application. There are so many school teachers who have been killed across the country for seeking information via RTI, reducing RTI to a complete sham since there is no protection offered. An RTI activist was killed earlier this month in Hyderabad itself and almost 350 people have been killed so far in barbaric manner to discourage others from using RTI. It is only a law on paper because the law does not work to offer protection barring the Whistleblower's Act. There is no serious move to protect those who use RTI. RTI deaths is one of the worst sagas in history of India. True freedom is the ability of a common man to bring a sea change in system.\" - Filmmaker Mani ShankarPolicing the net via SOPA? \"How can the government police the Internet? When they made such statements, I don't think they have thought it through. China spends more money on internal security than on its borders. Thinking of adopting a similar module is absolutely ridiculous. Plus, a government that cannot build proper roads cannot possibly police the Internet with efficiency. The thought itself is hilarious.\" - Author Amish TripathiTail wags the dog \"I don't agree with most of what Salman Rushdie has written... hell,I can't even understand most of it! But I do know that we have set a horrible precedent by muzzling his voice. We run the risk of allowing the tail to wag the dog if we allow the fringe to dictate what the moderate majority can hear, speak or watch.\" - Indian Author Ashwin SanghiInputs: Sarah Salvadore &amp; Rupam Jain", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11634334", "title": "Beat show at St Cruz", "text": "A beat show will be held on January 26, from 7pm onwards, at St Agustinho grounds, St Cruz, on the occasion of Republic Day. The beat show is being organized by Jose Fernandes in memory of his brother Anton Fernandes.Live music will be provided by the bands Lynx, Brothers in arms, ICU (All-girl band), William Rodrigues (One-man-band) and DJ Joel.DKA's 'Meet the writer' programmeThe Dalgado Konknni Akademi (DKA) will organize a programme titled 'Meet the writer' to meet and hear eminent Konkani writer Bonaventure D'Pietro, on January 27, at 4.30pm, at Tiatr Academy of Goa's hall at Campal-Panaji.In 1958, D'Pietro wrote his first novel 'Soitanacho Ghutt' (The mystery of satan) at the age of 15. He has 14 publications to his credit, including eight novels on various issues related to the society.Besides being a writer, D'Pietro is also a musician who plays the saxophone and the clarinet. Besides contributing to numerous dailies, weeklies, monthlies in Konknni in Romi script, he has served as assistant editor of various newspapers and magazines in Konknni Romi script.Public speaking workshop for school studentsCLAPS India (Club leadership and personality for students) will organize a one-day public speaking workshops titled 'Speako' for school students. The course is open for students from Std I to Std X.The public speaking sessions will be held at the IMA hall in Ponda and BPS Club in Margao on January 27, at the at SAG hall in Campal-Panaji on January 28, and at the Rotary Club hall in Vasco on January 29.Workshop on issues related to waterThe Human Rights Law Network and Council for Social Justice and Peace will organize a workshop on issues related to water in Goa, titled 'Towards a more effective water law',on January 28, from 9.30am to 2pm, Instituto Piedade, Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635736", "title": "Two activists in Juhu battle", "text": "MUMBAI: Juhu ward will see two activists contesting the civic polls as citizen candidates on February 16. But this may divide the citizen candidate votes.While Sherley Singh (42), an activist and entrepreneur, has been chosen by Mumbai 227, Neha Kumar (45) will be supported by the Lok Satta Party from the same ward. Although Kumar will use a political platform to contest the polls, she is being pitched as a people's candidate and a seasoned activist. Kumar has fought numerous battles to clear and beautify Juhu beach along with the Juhu Citizens' Welfare Group (JCWG).Mumbai's first citizen candidate, Adolf D'Souza (Mumbai Nagriksatta) was the first to file his nomination for ward 60 in Andheri (W) on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634680", "title": "Kashmiris feel singled out for checks on R-Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Naved Naqvi dreads the approach of Republic Day. The run-up to the event leaves this student from Kashmir feeling impaled on the needle of suspicion. \"Before Independence Day and Republic Day, police officials start making rounds in our area,\" says the 23-year-old who has lived three years in Delhi. \"They ask us where we study, our career plans and how long we plan to stay in Delhi. They even demand our identification cards.\"Many other Kashmiri youths who are in the capital for studies or work also feel singled out for checks, verification and frisking. \"Four years ago when I came to Delhi in August, I stayed in a guesthouse for a month. The police inquired about every guest but only my room was thoroughly checked and the police asked me to open the suitcase and display each and every belonging in it,\" recalls Khalid Jaleel (24). \"We are frisked by the police, asked to open suitcases and show government-authorized identity cards,\" says his friend.\"When we show them our college ID cards, they ask us to give them photocopies. I have no issues with getting checked, but I do have a problem with being treated with suspicion only because I am from Kashmir. The police should check each and every student and migrant in Delhi. Why pick on a particular group? This is discrimination,\" adds Naqvi.While these migrant students understand that the \"negative image\" of Kashmir is at the root of their troubles, they cannot come to terms with the constant surveillance. \"When I came to Delhi, I had difficulty finding a place to stay as landlords are apprehensive about and unwilling to rent us rooms. Kashmir carries a negative image and we have to bear the burden of it,\" says PhD student Rashid Qureshi.However, some Kashmiris have adjusted and say they do not face discriminatory treatment. \"I have been in Delhi for more than two years and I have never had to deal with any kind of discrimination in the city - not even frisking by police officials,\" says Amir Sufi, another student. That he lives in Zakir Nagar that has a large Muslim population may have something to do with it.Delhi Police, however, completely denies such allegations. Police officials say security is generally tightened close to national days like Independence Day and Republic Day but no community or regional group is targeted.\"Security is a very important issue on Republic Day. Around the city, a uniform security check takes place. We don't target any particular group, everybody is checked. We haven't received any complaint from a Kashmiri migrant of being singled out for frisking or discriminated against in any way. We carry out tenant verification and security checks are done in resettlement colonies,\" says Ajay Chaudhary, additional commissioner of police, southeast district.*Some names have been changed to protect identity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635764", "title": "Orphanage horror: Girl dies, autopsy says rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inside a dank, dilapidated cloister for orphans in a Walled City bylane, a girl died a lonely death - writhing in pain in the dark shadows of the hellhole before bursts of diarrhoea and incessant vomiting snuffed out her life. The 11-year-old died just a day after she was brought back from hospital.There was a curt one-liner scribbled in the orphanage records - death due to natural circumstances. But what lay hidden in the footnote was a story that can pull you up in convulsion of horror and shame.The girl's autopsy report showed she had been repeatedly raped and even forced into unnatural sex for several months. A case has been lodged in the Jama Masjid police station and cops are questioning the orphanage staff and inmates to track down the culprits.TOI conducted a thorough investigation into the incident and what unfolded was a shocking trail of exploitation and trample of innocence inside the orphanage - where a two-foot wall separates the girls' quarters from that of boys. There are no curbs on movement of kids and orphanage staff.A student of Class III, the girl has been abandoned by her mother who lives in Rohini. She had been staying here for over a year and studies in the school on the orphanage campus.The girl had complained of dizziness and stomach cramps after she returned from school on December 23 last year. She was immediately taken to Lok Nayak Jai Prakash hospital. \"I remember she was vomiting and had loose motions. It was a regular medical check up. Her condition did not improve,\" the chief warden of the orphanage told TOI. The next day, her condition deteriorated and she slowly began to sink. Within hours, she died. \"We give proper meals to the children and take good care of them. I don't know what exactly happened to her,\" said the warden. Doctors at LNJP conducted the post-mortem and preserved her viscera. A month later, her autopsy report was handed over to the police. The report confirms habitual sex and unnatural sex.Delhi Police has been jolted into action and has registered a case under Sections 376 and 377 IPC. Cops are now trying to track down the accused in the orphanage .Officials said the orphanage houses several male employees apart from teenage boys who easily move in out of the girl's quarters. Officials say they are trying to find out whether she had been lured by the accused or gangraped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633912", "title": "4L first-time votersget EPICs in state", "text": "PATNA: As many as 14.14 lakh new voters in Bihar were handed over their Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPICs) on Wednesday on the occasion of 'National Voters' Day', said Sudhir Kumar Rakesh, Bihar's chief electoral officer. Out of the total, around 4 lakh are first-time voters.Speaking at the function organized for the purpose by the Election Commission of India at the Indira Gandhi Planetarium here, Rakesh said, \"There are 5.68 crore voters in Bihar at present, which is about 50% of the total population.\"Handing over as many as 556 EPICs to first-time voters from four girls' colleges of the city at the function, he said, \"During the month of December, 2011 and January this year, Election Commission had organized a drive in four women's colleges to create awareness among students about the importance of voting.\"During this drive, 200 students each from the four colleges - Magadh Mahila College, Arvind Mahila College, JD Women's College and Ganga Devi Mahila College - applied for EPICs. Out of the total 800, as many as 791 EPICs have been made. As many as 556 girls received their EPICs on Wednesday at the function. The remaining 235 students can get them from the Election Commission office or from the district collectorate.All those above 18 years wishing to enrol as voters can either download form number 6 (application form for voter-ID card) from 'ceobihar.nic.in' or get it from the Election Commission office and can submit it at the EC office or at block office.Shedding light on the importance of National Voters' Day, SY Quraishi, Chief Election Commissioner of India, through a video message said, \"At present there are 75 crore voters in the country, and through our campaigns we aim to encourage the youth to exercise their franchise and choose the right candidate.\"Bihar's chief secretary Navin Kumar said, \"The basic objective of celebrating National Voters' Day is to ensure maximum participation of the electorate in polls and exercise of their right to vote.\"He added, \"A citizen or voter has enormous and crucial right in a democratic set-up. MLAs and MPs are elected by people. So it is very important that people participate in large numbers and choose the right candidate. It is for this reason that National Voters' Day is observed all over the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11637546", "title": "Zarine Khan's quite exit from back door", "text": "Speaking of a code conduct in public places, here's an example from the unlikeliest quarters.It was at the launch of a luxury brand at a new shopping destination in Kurla, that your diarist came across a curious sight. At the event, it was the young starlet Zarine Khan, who was doing the honours, and being wooed by the media, till it was time for the star of evening to waltz in. Deepika Padukone's entry, to say the least, was accompanied with the usual blitzkrieg, with the photographers and the fans surrounding her with a flurry of flashbulbs. Zarine, who caught your diarist's eye, stepped aside, smiled in her own dignified way, and quietly stepped out from the other door of the same store. We don't know of too many starlets who would be willing to make such a gracious exit, and we do approve of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633962", "title": "President's Medal for 12 Bihar cops", "text": "PATNA: As many as 12 cops of Bihar, including five DIGs, have been selected for President's Medal for meritorious services while two police officials have been selected for the medal for distinguished services. The five DIGs selected for President's medal for meritorious services are 1. R Malarvizhi, deputy inspector general of police, (HG &amp; fire services) 2. Sudhansu Kumar, deputy inspector general of police, Darbhanga Range 3. Nayyar Hasnain Khan, deputy inspector general of police, Magadh Range, Gaya. 4. Sunil Kumar, deputy inspector general of police, Saran Range, Chhapra. 5. B S Meena, deputy inspector general of police, Tirhut Range, Muzaffarpur. The other seven are Pankaj Sinha, Commandant, BMP-6 (Patna), Upendra Prasad Singh, SP, Vigilance Investigation Bureau (Patna), Naresh Prasad Sharma, inspector of police, O/O the DGP (Patna), Binod Kumar Singh, sub-inspector, CTS Nathana, (Bhagalpur), Johan Topno, Havildar, BMP-14 (Patna), Basuki Nath Mishra, constable, O/O DGP, Old Secretariat, (Patna), Himanshu Bhushan Sharma, constable, Vigilance Investigation Bureau (Patna).Distinguished service: Sukun Paswan, SP, rail, Katihar, Shashi Bhushan Sharma, DSP, traffic, Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11635002", "title": "Winning hope", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After losing both her legs in 2001 earthquake in Bhuj, Nita Patel (28), who was a young girl then, lost hopes too initially. Watching physically-challenged people achieving different feats in sports events, however, led her to gather courage and fight on. Patel, who moves around in a wheel chair, not only went on to win herself a gold medal in a 200-meter wheel chair racing at the national level but also got married to have a child.\"Many people, including doctors, advised me not to conceive. They said it will be risky for me but I decided to listen to my heart,\" said Patel. Apart from taking care of her son who is now three-years-old, Patel also works as a secretary at a disability advocacy group.\"We can do everything that a normal person can do. We do not need any kindness but need people to open up their minds and break away from inhibitions and conservative assumptions about employing a physically challenged person. People see only our shortcomings but fail to see our skills and special abilities,\" said Patel.In the 2001 earth quake, Neeta, who was 17 then, was crushed under a building in Dudhai village in Kutch and was paralyzed waist down. Once she was rescued from among the debris of a crumbled building, the next four years, she spent between hospitals in Bhuj and Mumbai going under the knife 21 times, to be able to sit and turn on her side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11634292", "title": "Swedish woman dies in Vagator", "text": "Wittbrant Susanna Birgitta, 33, a Swedish national, collapsed in a club at Vagator and died later early Wednesday morning. According to police, Birgitta arrived at the club at about 4.30am and ordered beer at the bar counter. She collapsed on the floor after drinking half a glass of the beer. The staff along with locals immediately shifted her to a private hospital where she was declared brought dead by the doctors.PSI Krishna Sinari conducted the site panchanama and sent the body for post mortem to the GMC Bambolim. Further investigations are in progress.President's medal for John AguiarThe government of India on Wednesday announced the President's Home Guard and Civil Defence Medal for meritorious services to John Aguiar, honorary company commander of Home Guards, Panaji division. Aguiar, who is an officer in the state department of information and publicity, is also the recipient of chief minister's gold medal for meritorious services in the Home Guards in 2007. Secretary (Home) R K Singh has congratulated Aguiar.Shrikant takes over as Goa Dairy chiefShrikant Naik, a leading milk producer from Kavlem in Ponda, on Wednesday formally took over as new chairman of Goa Dairy. All 12 members of the dairy, along with the registrar of cooperatives (Dairy) Ramesh P Naik, were present on the occasion. The 'Goa Dairy Bachao Panel' headed by Naik had defeated the outgoing chairman Madhav Sahakari's panel in the elections for the dairy's board of directors (BoD) held on January 15.Power shutdownMapusa (Jan 27): Between 9.30am and 3pm. Areas to be affected - Shetye Vaddo and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11633259", "title": "DVC to import coal to overcome shortage", "text": "RANCHI: The Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) one of the important power producers of the country is facing acute coal shortage and to mitigate the problem it has decided to import coal.DVC chairman R N Sen said, \"The company is facing shortage of 5.67 million tonne (MT) per annum and it is expected to increase to around 22.51 MT once all its upcoming generation units become operational. At present, the total generation capacity of the company is 2,710 MW and we are getting around 11.42 MT of coal against requirement of 17.09 MT per annum. Once we start generation of 5200 MW from our new upcoming plants, the shortfall will be of around 22.51 MT,\" said Sen adding because of coal shortage the company was passing through a bad phase and it was expected to aggravate as and when the new plants are lighted up.He said to mitigate the problem at least to some extent, the company is looking for possibilities of importing coal. \"We have plans to import 3.37 MT coal in 18 months, out of which 2.5 MT will be imported in one year,\" said Sen.The company is also exploring possibilities of augmenting coal to meet its requirement. Initially, it has plans to increase the production from Bajoria mines and increase production capacity to 3 MT per annum by September-October. In the next phase, it will be increased to 4 MT. \"We also have plans to start production by end of June from Khagra-Yoydev project,\" said Sen.On the other hand, the company is also working to start production from Saharpur Jamarpni and Gondulpara over the next four-five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11633556", "title": "Limba surprised at Padma award", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Limba Ram, one of the most gifted archers in the country, is completely surprised over his selection for the Padma Shree award.The archer from Rajasthan who represented the country in three Olympics says his selection for the Padma award, announced on Wednesday afternoon, has indeed surprised him completely.In the city to take part at the senior national archery championship, said, \"This award is not a recognition of an individual but the sport in totality.\" Ram, the gold medal winner in the 1992 Beijing Asian Games, said, \"This recognition will go a long way in inspiring youngsters to take up archery.\"Though he said that the Padma award should have come his way little early in his career. \"In 1991, I got Arjuna Award and almost after two decades, I have been selected for the Padma award,\" said Ram who ensured 126 international medals in his two years' association with the Archery Association of India.The man, who was accidently spotted by the Sports Authority of India (SAI) archery selection committee in 1987, expressed his gratitude to B V P Rao, the then head of the SAI selection committee for archery. \"Since I was equally good at shooting it was Sir (Rao) who motivated me to take up archery and whatever I have achieved in this sport till date is just because of him. I express my gratitude to him,\" Ram told TOI at JRD Tata Sports Complex.Claiming that archery has for the first time earned Padma award, Ram said,\" \"I hope this award will help me realize my dream of the LImba Ram School of Archery which I am pursuing for passionately.\"Ram, who missed the medal by a narrow margin of one point in Barcelona Olympics in 1992 said, \"If we go on to win the medal in the London Olympics (later this year) my joy of winning Padma award will be double.\"The country won the medals in the Commonwealth Games 2010 and subsequent Asian Games under the guidance of Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633874", "title": "R-day honour for Punjab Mail", "text": "MUMBAI: Punjab Mail-the first train to complete 100 years on the broad gauge network-is the chosen theme of the Indian Railways tableau at this year's Republic Day Parade in New Delhi.The tableau will depict the past and present of the Indian Railways. A railway official said, \"A modern train juxtaposed with the older version which used to be pulled by the steam engine will be part of the tableau. It will be flanked by two miniature older versions of the Punjab Mail.\"Railway employees of Rail Coach Factory Kapurthala, along with their family will perform Bhangra dance in front of the tableau to celebrate the spirit of the train.Based on the cost estimates paper of 1911 and a record of a complaint registered by a commuter in October 1912 about the train's late arrival to Delhi, the railways concluded that the Punjab Mail commenced in 1911. The 100 years of the train were commemorated on June 1, 2011.At its inception, the service was known at Punjab Limited but was later rechristened Punjab Mail. \"The word 'mail' is associated with it as the train carried the Viceroy's mail to Delhi (the capital during the British Raj) from Mumbai .During the British rule, the train travelled 2496 km and passed through Itarsi, Agra, Delhi, Amritsar and Lahore before terminating at the Peshawar cantonment.A senior CR official said, \"In the early days, Punjab Mail was the preferred train of the British officials when they travelled to the north and western parts of India from Mumbai. They would disembark in Mumbai after completing a two-week steamer voyage from Southampton, before boarding the train.\"In the early days, the main patrons of the train were upper class Englishmen, but the Railways decided introduce a third class compartment for lower classes in the 930s. A couple of years before independence, the authorities also decided to introduce an air-conditioned coach in this premier train that covers 1930 km from CST to to Ferozepur city in Punjab, bordering Pakistan in 34 hoursThe 24-coach train has a combination of ordinary sleeper and air-conditioned coaches. The Punjab Mail is truly the pride of the Indian Railways.(This young editor was accompanied by Manthan K Mehta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "islamabad, dubai", "code": "11638091", "title": "Indians across the world celebrate Republic Day", "text": "ISLAMABAD, DUBAI: Indians worldwide soaked in the spirit of patriotism as they celebrated the Republic Day with fervour today to mark 63 years since the establishment of the Indian constitution.At the Indian High Commission in the Pakistani capital, High Commissioner Sharat Sabharwal hoisted the national tricolour at an official function.Sabharwal read out President Pratibha Patil's address to the nation on the eve of Republic Day and children of the High Commission's staff performed patriotic songs.The function was held at the High Commission within the high-security diplomatic enclave in the heart of Islamabad.Besides the traditional function held in Islamabad, the Indian High Commission will host two events in Lahore on January 27 and Karachi on January 29 to mark the Republic Day.Leading businessmen, politicians, civil society activists and journalists have been invited to these events, at which the High Commissioner will be present.Last year, the Indian High Commission hosted an event to mark Republic Day in the financial hub of Karachi for the first time in over 15 years.The last such event was held before the consulate in the city was shut down in late 1994.Indian High Commissioner in Singapore, T C A Raghavan led the Indian community in the city state to celebrate the day.He unveiled the national flag and read out the President's message to some 500 Indians gathered at the High Commission.Students from Indian schools in Singapore sang patriotic songs and danced at the celebration held this morning.Indians in the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh marked a more sombre celebration, using the day to organise a blood donation camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11634169", "title": "Quepem home robbed of gold worth Rs 8 lakh", "text": "MARGAO: Unidentified thieves struck at a house belonging to Prakash Amonkar at Amona, Quepem, on Tuesday and decamped with gold ornaments and jewellery worth nearly 8 lakh.Police sources said that the incident occurred around 6.30pm on Tuesday when there were no occupants in the house and it was locked. While Prakash and his son Prasad had gone to Canacona, his other son Chandan was yet to return home from work. Seizing this opportunity, the thieves entered the house through the rear door. They broke open the lock of the cupboard and made off with the jewellery.The robbery came to light when Chandan returned home later at around 7pm and found the rear door open. On noticing the cupboard ransacked, Chandan contacted his family and lodged a police complaint.A sniffer dog squad and fingerprint experts were pressed into service but no definite clues could be found, police sources said.Quepem police have booked a case of theft against unknown accused and investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635691", "title": "Reply to Anna in election results: NCP", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has reacted sharply to social activist Anna Hazare's remarks advocating violence against 'corrupt' politicians'. The social activist had on Tuesday, after watching a Bollywood film based on the fight against corruption, remarked that a person is left with no option but to slap ''when his tolerance of corruption runs out''.Hazare's remarks once again sparked a political row, with parties unanimously denouncing the comment and calling it 'un-Gandhian'. The NCP and Hazare have been on unfriendly terms after party chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar was recently slapped by a youth in New Delhi, following which the latter had quipped, ''Was it only one slap?''.\"He (Hazare) should remember what happened the last time he made such comments. People gave him a fitting reply. We will once again reply to him through our election performances since we, unlike Hazare, believe in democracy and not slapping people with a different point of view,\" said state NCP chief and senior leader Madhukarrao Pichad, who had called a press conference to clarify that there was no dispute between deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal.The two senior ministers reportedly had a tiff at a party parliamentary board meeting on Tuesday over seat-sharing, each demanding a share for their supporters. Reports claimed that Bhujbal had walked out in a huff but a day later the party rubbished that. \"This is absolute rubbish and no such tiff or any such incident ever occurred during the meeting,\" said Pichad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634027", "title": "BPO staffer held for \u2018rape\u2019 and cheating in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bangur Nagar police arrested a BPO employee on Tuesday after his former girlfriend accused him of rape and cheating. Officials said the accused, M Contractor (30), also allegedly took Rs 5 lakh from the victim on the pretext of starting a business, but did not repay the amount.Contractor is a resident of Mira Road; the victim is nine years elder to him. The duo worked in the same BPO on Malad Link Road. The victim had separated from her husband and moved in with her parents in Goregaon (W). She has a five-year-old son and is yet to get a formal divorce.\"The two started having a relationship in 2006. The woman said he made false promises of marriage and got intimate with her a number of times. He also took money to start a business or on the pretext of 'building a future for them',\" a senior police official said.The victim then learnt that Contractor was getting married to some other girl. He also wouldn't repay the money to her. On Tuesday, she lodged a police complaint. The accused has been remanded in police custody till January 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11634772", "title": "Lectures on literature", "text": "WARDHA: Yashwantrao Date memorial organization will hold two-day lectures on literature on February 1 and 2.The organization has also declared sewabhavi and sahitya awards, literature, to be conferred by noted theatre personality Mahesh Elkunchwar on February 1 at Satyanarayan Bajaj Public Library, Wardha.Subhash Lomate, Aurangabad and Dr Ravi Kolhe, Dharni, Amravati will be honoured with sewabhavi award for their contribution to literature in 2011-2012 while the sahitya award will be given to Sharda Sathe, Thane, feminist personality Mukta Manohar, Pune, novelist Anand Vingatkar, Satara, Subodh Javadekar, Mumbai and Ishwari Patankar, Nashik.This organization offers awards every year to the people who contribute to literature of any genre, said Sanjay Ingale Tigaoankar, secretary of the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635270", "title": "Admission process of dental PG not monitored by govt", "text": "CHENNAI: All medical and dental colleges affiliated to the state medical university surrender 50-65% of their undergraduate seats to the state government for admission through the single window system but none of them surrender the postgraduate seats.There are 26 dental colleges, including one government college, offering a total of 2,080 Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) seats. Ten colleges offer 174 postgraduate seats. Barring the 37 PG seats in the Government Madras Dental College, PG dental education in the state is entirely in the private sector. No college surrenders PG seats to the government.\"We have nine specialties in postgraduate dental education. Each college gets a maximum of eight seats and only two seats for some specialties. We will not be able to share seats,\" said the dean of a private dental college on condition of anonymity. Even among the 37 government seats, counselling is conducted only for seven dentists as the government gives 18 seats to the all-India quota and nine seats to BDS doctors working for government hospitals. Deemed universities offer an additional 200 PG seats. \"In all, only seven students get a fair admission in the entire process,\" said Dr George Paul, a Salem-based dentist who has been fighting corruption in the education system for decades seeking information under the RTI Act and moving courts.A government-appointed committee ensures these colleges conduct a fair entrance test, but none monitors the entire admission process. While each deemed university conducts its own examinations, six of the nine medical colleges affiliated to the state university have formed the Tamil Nadu Private Dental College Association. The association holds a common entrance test for students admitted to these colleges. Till date, none of these colleges has been pulled up for violating admission norms.The Justice Balasubramaniam committee, which fixes fees for medical and dental education, has so far not looked into the PG medical or dental education. The panel scrutinizes undergraduate admissions but not carry out the same for PG admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11641187", "title": "Memogate: Pak Parliamentary panel issues fresh notice to Mansoor Ijaz", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistani parliamentary panel investigating a mysterious memo that triggered a standoff between the civilian government and the military on Thursday issued summons to American businessman Mansoor Ijaz, the central figure in the scandal, to appear before it on February 10.Against the backdrop of Ijaz's repeated claims that he would not come to Pakistan to provide evidence regarding the alleged memo due to perceived threats to his life, the parliamentary committee on national security expressed satisfaction at arrangements made by the government to protect him in the country.The panel reviewed security arrangements for Ijaz during a meeting chaired by Raza Rabbani, a senior leader of the ruling Pakistan People's Party.Attorney General Anwar-ul-Haq briefed the committee on security arrangements put in place for Ijaz and the government's communications with Canadian firm Research In Motion to obtain BlackBerry communications by Ijaz regarding the alleged memo.RIM has already turned down Pakistan's request to hand over the communications.Ijaz has failed to make two scheduled appearances before a Supreme Court-appointed judicial commission that is also investigating the alleged memo which sought US help to stave off a feared coup in Pakistan after the killing of Osama bin Laden last year.The judicial commission has given Ijaz a final opportunity to appear before it on February 9 and record his statement.The judicial commission also rejected Ijaz's request to allow him to depose in London or Zurich.Briefing reporters after today's meeting of the parliamentary committee on national security, Raza Rabbani said that if Ijaz continued to have concerns about his security, the authorities could take further steps to allay his apprehensions while keeping in view the law of the land.The committee had reviewed the statement of the attorney general and reached the conclusion that prima facie, the arrangements for Ijaz's security were adequate, he said.\"The committee feels that if Mansoor Ijaz has any apprehensions regarding his security, it may be addressed keeping in view rules and the law of the land,\" he added.Raza Rabbani said the committee has decided to issue a fresh notice to Ijaz asking him to appear before it on February 10.\"This notice will be served in accordance with the past practice and through the ministry of foreign affairs,\" he said.Pakistan's former envoy to the US, Husain Haqqani, was forced to resign after the memo became public.Though the scandal triggered a confrontation between the military and civilian governments, tensions have been defused following meetings between President Asif Ali Zardari and senior military officials, including army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635517", "title": "CBI team at registrar office to verify details", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday visited the office of Registrar of Chit Fund Companies and Societies in Lucknow to collect details of the companies which have been awarded different contracts under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).The CBI team, which reached Lucknow from Delhi on Wednesday morning itself, returned to the CBI headquarters in the evening.The need for verification of the companies which were awarded the contracts surfaced following interrogation of the general manager of C&DS; unit of UP Jal Nigam (UPJN), P K Jain, and his subordinate Kata Singh who were arrested by the CBI over a fortnight ago.As per P K Singh, the then director of the C&DS; unit, P K Bhukesh, was at the helm of affairs with regards to allotting contracts under the NRHM purely because of his connections with the chairman of UPJN who happens to be a senior bureaucrat and one of the very few who are seen as the blue-eyed of chief minister Mayawati .This senior bureaucrat is believed to have gone out of his way, against service norms to appoint Bhukesh as the chairman of C&DS; wing despite allegations of corruption against him which had even led to his suspension in 2007 by the then chairman of UPJN, Mohammed Azam Khan , for misappropriation of public money worth Rs 185 crore that was supposedly spent by the department for public projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11638457", "title": "World peace, work cease for Simbu?", "text": "The actor's film projects seem to be taking a backseat due to his other commitments...Simbu is currently in the US, trying to coordinate with international stars for his Love Anthem for World Peace. The short video that has been out for this particular song has been making waves. But back home, in Kollywood, directors who have signed projects with him are awaiting the actor to get back to their films. Vetri Maaran's Vada Chennai and Nelson's Vettai Mannan are among the projects that he's already committed to. However, work on them seems to be moving at a not-so-fast rate.So, is the actor's other commitments affecting his filmi career? When we contacted Vetri Maaran, he said, \"We plan to commence the first schedule for Vada Chennai, either in the last week of February or first week of March. I am still writing the script and it should get completed by the end of June. I would say that the actors are waiting as much for the script. Meanwhile, I had a one-day warm-up workshop recently for the technicians and not for the actors. However, Rana attended the workshop because he is more of a technical person.\"There will be another workshop in the second week of February, which will be for both the cast and crew of the film. \"Simbu - and the other actors - should be available for that workshop, as much as the other actors. A new girl will play the female lead and Andrea will be seen in a pivotal role as well,\" he explained.Ask director Nelson, who is making his debut with Vettai Mannan, about the status of his film and he said, \"The film is about 40 per cent done. We had a 10-day schedule in April last year and a 12-day one in December. All schedules will be short ones for Vettai Mannan. With the film also being a multi-starrer (starring Jai, Hansika and Deeksha Seth), it is actually kind on part of Simbu to adjust his dates. Also, he had said in November itself that he would require to be out of country for some time for his personal work and the music video he is working on. For me, the more the delay, the better. We'll shoot whenever the actor is available next. But yes, we are hoping he should be available in February.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11634333", "title": "Rally to mark Voter's Day", "text": "VARANASI: Several events were held in the city on Wednesday to celebrate the National Voter's Day. The children of Rukmani Inter College carried out a voter awareness rally in Baijnatha and conducted a discussion with kids to encourage their parents and relatives to caste vote.According to principal Papiha Tripathi, as many as 300 students from Class IV to Class XII participated in the voter awareness rally. On the other hand, a programme on 'Suniyojit Matdata Jagrukta and Nirvachak Sahbhagita' was organised by the Banaras Hindu University on Wednesday in which all the teaching and non-teaching staff took voter's plegde on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "11634617", "title": "Ex-ISRO chief G Madhavan Nair slams govt after Devas axe", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The government's decision to bar top space scientist G Madhavan Nair and three other former ISRO scientists from any official assignment for lapses in the Antrix-Devas deal ignited a raging controversy, with Nair accusing the Centre of vindictive action and the Opposition demanding an explanation from the PM.In a January 13 order, the department of space said the former officers \"shall be excluded from reemployment, committee roles or any other important role under the government.\" Besides Nair, the other three are A Bhaskaranarayana, K R Sridharamurthi and K N Shankara.Nair hit out at the government for acting without explaining the charges against him, saying the action was a \"complete act of cowardice\". He did not spare current ISRO chief K Radhakrishnan either, who he said had \"cooked up a story and misled the government\". He said there was a hidden agenda at work.BJP jumped into the fray, demanding why the scientists had been singled out as senior officials in the Prime Minister's Office and former MoS and present Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan were on the Space Commission when the deal to give private firm Devas access to S band spectrum on two Indian satellites was cleared.The space community seemed split down the middle, with Nair saying Radhakrishnan had not \"uttered a word\" as member of the Antrix board when the body tasked with overseeing commercial operations of the department of space gave its nod to the Devas deal.Nair latched onto the uncertainty over the nature of the wrongdoing he has been held guilty of and said even terrorists get a better deal. \"Even in military rule, people are given a hearing before being condemned,\" he said.The close connection between members of the Devas board, who were connected with ISRO had seen the deal signed in 2005 come under a cloud. It was alleged that Nair and those at Devas were hand-in-glove in giving the firm access to 90% space band airwaves for a period of 12 years. An initial comptroller and auditor general report pegged the loss to government at a staggering Rs 2-lakh crore.With the Opposition slamming the government for holding just only scientists responsible for the deal, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said the harsh action was of an interim nature. He said \"there is an interim stand and till the final report comes, this should operate. The aggrieved party is entitled to challenge the said interim order. This is entirely for the government and for Mr Madhavan to decide.\"With Nair and BJP claiming scientists had been singled out, the government defended its action with MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy saying the order was based on findings of two high-level committees. He said the inquiries had recommended action against Nair and his ISRO colleagues for concluding the agreement with Devas in a non-transparent manner.As Nair claimed that space commission was briefed and the only question was that Cabinet was not specifically informed of the agreement with Devas but said this was not required under the rules. \"Some people are trying to save their skins...there were no less than 18 meetings between ISRO and Devas and all authorities were informed,\" he said.The government's action, probably the first of its kind against a scientist of Nair's ranking, might have been intended to send out a strong signal that high posts will offer no protection, but it saw BJP general secretary and spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad saying, \"How does Prime Minister Manmohan Singh explain his own lapse in failing to prevent such a monumental irregularity and scam?\"\"He (Radhakrishnan) would have suffered at the hands of his ex-bosses (at ISRO) M G Chandrasekar (at present chairman, Devas Multimedia) and others. He wanted to fix them. He cooked up a story and somehow misled the government on a course of action and he is today behaving in a completely autocratic manner,\" Nair said.Nair has also run down his successor's tenure at ISRO. \"He (Radhakrishnan) is a disaster; I have kept quiet all these days because of my respect for ISRO\", he added. \"You look at ISRO's programme for the last two years that will speak volumes about where we stand\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11633945", "title": "Widow, son jailed for suicide plan", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Vashi-based 77-year-old widow Mohini Kamwani and her son Dilip Kamwani (56) were arrested and sent to police custody till January 27 for their earlier statement of committing suicide on Republic Day to protest against \"police inaction''.For more than seven months, the Kamwanis had been urging the Navi Mumbai police to register an FIR against their relatives for alleged criminal trespass and intimidation. However, since the cops had maintained that this was a \"civil matter'', the senior citizen had written to top Indian authorities, including the President of India.On Wednesday morning, the Vashi police produced Mohini Kamwani and her son in the first-class judicial magistrate's court at CBD Belapur. When asked whether Mohini would sign a bond that she will not attempt suicide, she refused to do so. Both were sent to jail custody.Assistant commissioner of police (Vashi division) Mujeeb Shaikh confirmed this to TOI. When asked if the police had tried to counsel the senior citizen to give up her suicide plan, ACP Shaikh said: \"We had talked at length with the Kamwanis about this matter; however, they continued to state that they will commit suicide.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11634109", "title": "Man robbed of Rs1.5 lakh in an unusual way", "text": "TRICHY: A miscreant carried out a novel way to steal Rs 1.5 lakh cash from a house in Thiruvanaikaval here on Wednesday.A 60-year-old Periaswamy Iyer, residing in 4th praharam of Thiruvanakaval along with his son Rajaram, a retired employee of BHEL, was leaving for the Sri Veerabadra Kaliamman temple nearby their house after locking the house. Rajaram was also not at home at that time. When he was on his way to the temple by a hired cycle-rickshaw, a stranger claiming to be his son's friend intercepted him and asked about his son. Then he left the place and followed Periyaswamy Iyer.When Periyaswamy was meditating in the temple leaving his bag aside, the miscreant took away the key of the house from it and made a beeline for the house.Then he opened the house using the key and decamped with Rs 1.50 lakh cash kept inside. When Periyaswamy noticed that the key went missing, he rushed to his house where the cash was found missing.He lodged a complaint with the Thiruverumbur police. The police rushed to the spot and searched for evidence for the thief.The police said a complete picture of whatever had been stolen would be clear once his daughter-in-law returned home in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "serampore (hooghly)", "code": "11633522", "title": "Denied salary, CTC staffer hangs self", "text": "SERAMPORE (HOOGHLY): A young employee of the state-run Calcutta Tramways Company (CTC) committed suicide on Thursday afternoon, apparently because he was not getting salary for the last three months.Since Bikram Singh's death came within hours of transport minister Madan Mitra's statement to stop subsidy to state transport corporations, a section of Bikram's colleagues quickly blamed the new policy and came out wearing black ribbons.Mitra visited the bereaved family and said: \"It is a very unfortunate incident. The CPM is spreading rumours that we are responsible for the suicide. We inherited a Rs 2.10 lakh crore debt from the Left Front government and it is they who are responsible for this financial mess. Every transport corporation has to stand on its own feet.\"Bikram, 27, was married for only a year. His widow Tultuli is expecting their first child any day now. \"He was severely depressed because he was not getting his salary,\" she said. \"Initially, we managed somehow. But our dues in the grocery and vegetable market started rising. Suddenly they stopped selling things to us. He was still going to work but there was no news that could console him.\"On Wednesday morning, Tultuli went out to buy muri (puffed rice) and returned to find the door closed. \"I knocked on the door but got no response. Then I called our landlord. We then went to back of the building and peeped in to find him hanging from the ceiling,\" she said, breaking down. Bikram was a maintenance worker in CTC's Ghasbagan depot.Many of his colleagues gathered at Walsh Hospital, where his body was taken. They said that the CTC has prepared a list. \"Those who are not on it, like Bikram, are not getting paid. It is very unfortunate that despite being a government employee, he was not protected by the government,\" said one of them, sporting a black ribbon on his shirt pocket.At Writers' Buildings, the transport minister said he had never said the subsidy would be stopped all at once. \"I said the government is in no position to continue giving subsidy till eternity. The corporations have to increase their source of income,\" Mitra said. \"I spoke to the mother of the deceased. The family is in grief and it's difficult to talk to them now. He was certainly unhappy about something. We will inquire into the case,\" Mitra said.Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roychowdhury said they have a registered a case of unnatural death. The body has been sent for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633459", "title": "Fair ground for politics?", "text": "KOLKATA: Politicians did their best to warm up proceedings at the book fair on an otherwise dull Wednesday. Both Trinamool Congress and CPM set up camps at either end of the fairground as heavyweight leaders browsed through the stalls.While Trinamool had a more robust presence in and around the Jaago Bangla stall, the CPM's show was more toned down, pivoting around the SFI pavilion.The boi mela looked set to be used as a political forum when industries minister Partha Chatterjee inaugurated the Jaago Bangla stall in the company of labour minister Purnendu Bose. Chatterjee even addressed a small gathering. \"Earlier, we would hang around in one corner of the fair, away from the centre of activities. This time, we have a bigger and better stall, apart from this platform,\" he said.Even as the Trinamool entourage moved on to a dais constructed for a tribute to Tagore, CPM leader and former industries minister Nirupam Sen visited the SFI pavilion. He launched a scathing attack on the government, blaming it for the suicide of a transport worker on Wednesday. \"It's unfortunate that government employees are no longer feeling secure,\" Sen said. He slammed chief minister Mamata Banerjee for failing to address the farmer suicide issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634999", "title": "GTU drops Vivekananda's name from course", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following the hue and cry from its students and TOI reports, Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has changed the name of a recently introduced course.GTU had introduced a four-credit compulsory subject called 'Swami Vivekananda Contributor Personality Development Program' from this year. Students of bachelor of engineering, diploma engineering, bachelor of pharmacy and master of computer application courses have to appear for the exam in the sixth and eighth semesters.TOI had reported about that GTU students' complaints saying that the exhaustive course which elaborates on the life of Swami Vivekananda is irrelevant to their discipline. The students complained that the course will be a burden on them as they are in their final year of their course they should be focusing on their skills and discipline-related knowledge which will help them secure jobs.GTU, on Tuesday, released a circular which notifies all principals of GTU-affiliated colleges that the name of the course is now changed to 'Contributor personality development'. The circular, however, said that the subject code and credit remains the name.\"Changing the name of the course doesn't address our complaint as the content and the credit of the course remains the same. The course still requires us to study around 50 books on Swami Vivekananda as well as interpretations of Bhagwad Gita,\" said a student of GTU Agam Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633967", "title": "3 in vigilance net for graft", "text": "PATNA: In separate operations, the State Vigilance Investigation Bureau on Wednesday caught red-handed three government employees while accepting bribe.In the first trap, a Bureau team caught revenue employee, Hilsa circle, Nalanda district, Suresh Kumar red-handed while accepting Rs 5,000 as bribe from one Vijay Prasad, a native of Bhathar, and recovered the bribe amount from him. Sources said that Prasad had earlier lodged a written complaint with the Bureau alleging that the employee was demanding Rs 5,000 as bribe for mutation of his land at Hilsa Bihari Road, Kaji Bazaar.In another operation, a Bureau team caught red-handed panchayat secretary, Alaluli block in Khagaria district, Vijay Kumar and his son Naveen Kumar while accepting Rs 5,000 as bribe from one Manoj Kumar , a native of Ichrua village, Khagaria, and recovered the bribe amount from them. Sources said that Manoj had earlier lodged a written complaint with the Bureau alleging that the secretary was demanding Rs 5,000 as bribe for handing over the passbook of his father, a beneficiary of Indira Awas Yojana, and for sending advise to the bank.In the third operation, a Bureau team arrested the revenue employee, Bakhtiyarpur circle, Patna, Gupteshwar Prasad red-handed while accepting Rs 6,000 asbribe from one Pawan Kumar, Naya Tola, Bariyarpur, Bakhtiyarpur, and recovered the bribe amount from him.Bureau sources said that Pawan had lodged a complaint with the Bureau alleging that Prasad was demanding Rs 6,000 as bribe for mutation of hisland. After verification of the allegation, a Bureau team laid a trap and caught the revenue employee while accepting bribe. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11634710", "title": "Whole world is my enemy: Pune rogue driver", "text": "PUNE: All hell broke loose for an hour on Wednesday when a state transport driver made away with an empty bus and drove it recklessly for almost 14km, killing eight people, injuring 30 and smashing 37 vehicles that came in his way. Two of the eight dead were college students.The driver, Santosh Mane (39), dodged bullets from chasing cops and was finally overpowered by a youth who jumped onto the bus. Police denied Mane was mentally ill, overworked or drunk. His motive is not known yet.\"The whole world is my enemy\": that is the only line police have been able to get out of Santosh Mane.Mane has been arrested under charges of murder, attempt to murder and causing grievous hurt, among others.\"We have transferred the case to the crime branch, Pune, and an officer of the rank of assistant commissioner of police has been appointed to conduct investigations,\" city police commissioner Meeran Borwankar said. She denied that the driver was mentally disturbed or overworked. \"The driver was in his full senses and was not suffering from any mental disorder. We were also told by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) officials that he was not mentally disturbed or overworked. Mane had come to the Swargate depot from Gangapur on Tuesday evening after completing his trip and had had sufficient sleep,\" she said.Mane was not under the influence of liquor either, the police said.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode told TOI that Mane was yet to be interrogated. \"We will produce him in court on Thursday and seek his police custody,\" he said. A crime branch official said Mane briefly denied any knowledge of his crime, then cited brake failure.Mane went to the depot around 8am on Wednesday and asked that he be allowed start earlier than his usual reporting time of 10.15 am. However, his seniors told him that two spare drivers were available and that it was not possible to let him start early. As soon as a bus came in from Satara, Mane got into the bus and started it using a common key. Mane drove the bus on the wrong side of Shankarsheth road, mowing down a rickshaw and a fruit handcart. Pedestrians ran helter-skelter and vehicles did their best to avoid coming in the way of the bus but Mane sped away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633894", "title": "IAS officer in 'exam fraud'", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior IAS officer is in trouble for allegedly making a dummy candidate appear for him in an exam.Earlier this week, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan ordered a departmental probe against Nashik municipal commissioner Bhaskarrao Digambarrao Sanap.Serious charges have been levelled against Sanap, who is due to retire in June this year.The matter dates back to June 2004, when Sanap, then the commissioner of Ahmednagar Municipal Corporation, took part in an examination of the Maharashtra State-Certificate in Information Technology (MS-CIT).The state administration has made it compulsory for government officers to take this test.Upon receiving complaints that a dummy appeared for Sanap, the government set up a probe committee under the higher and technical education department.After the inquiry report submitted in November 2004 found discrepancies in the photo used on the examination hall ticket and also found that signatures on the hall ticket and the attendance sheet used for the exam did not match, it was decided to withhold Sanap's MS-CIT certificate. However, the administration was in two minds on whether to initiate action against the officer.In his defence, Sanap informed the probe panel that he could cite other cases where the signatures on the hall ticket and attendance record did not match.He also blamed the examination centre for the photograph mismatch. Further, he argued that taking the MS-CIT examination was not binding on him since he had already crossed 50 years of age. (The exam is optional for the above 50 category).After being indecisive on action all this while, the government ordered a departmental probe two days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11635222", "title": "SMC gets award for energy efficiency initiatives", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) added yet another feather to its cap by bagging an award for energy efficiency at the an international conference on Chennai on Wednesday.Chennai had hosted \"Municipalika\", the 10th international conference on good urban governance for safe, healthy, green and smart cities in conjuncture with 10 international exhibitions on city infrastructure and sustainable urban development at Chennai Trade Center.Experts noted that diamond city's work in the field of energy efficiency by conducting energy audits, producing power from garbage and solid waste.The city is the first to set up it's own wind mills to generate electricity and SMC is also working on to become a solar city of the country by setting up solar plants on its structures like science center and office buildings. SMC participated in Municipalika 2012 and put up a stall portraying it's methodology in the field.Beginning from 2009 , SMC has won 13 awards till now in different categories of best city and best performing city, most inclusive approach, national energy conservation , urban water supply, excellence in governance, urban poverty alleviation programme, financial reporting and best accounting methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11628861", "title": "Will Shah Rukh Khan follow Aamir?", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan might take some more time before he signs his next film.Yash Chopra's film and Rohit Shetty's film are the only two projects Shah Rukh Khan will be working on this year. But that doesn't mean he isn't considering other films.While both Salman Khan and Aamir Khan have gone ahead and worked in South remakes, Shah Rukh Khan has been offered one now. The film in question is Gautham Menon's 2006 Tamil hit Vettaiyaadu Valaiyaadu . The murder-mystery had Kamal Hassan play a cop who is in search of a serial killer. In fact sources insist that it is Kamal Hassan who suggested Shah Rukh Khan's name for the Hindi remake.So what is stopping Shah Rukh Khan from signing the film? Other than the fact that he is busy with two projects, buzz is that the film falls in the same genre as Aamir Khan's upcoming thriller Talaash . Talaash has Aamir Khan playing a cop who is in search ( Talaash ) of a killer.Knowing the game, trade circles predict that since playing a cop is new territory for Shah Rukh, he wants to first check the kind of response that Talaash gets. That means he will have to wait another five months before he makes his mind.So now it seems it's not just Aamir Khan but also his followers who will take their own sweet time before they reach upon a decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11629087", "title": "Vivek Oberoi to follow Mallika Sherawat", "text": "Turning vegetarian seems to be the new fitness mantra among B-Town stars, who are forever preaching the advantages of being vegetarian.A source from the unit of Kismat Luv Paisa Dilli says, \"Mallika Sherawat has just been voted the sexiest vegetarian female by an animal welfare organisation, and co-star Vivek Oberoi too swears by the benefits of vegetarian food. In fact, Vivek was heard telling the film's assistant directors that being vegetarian keeps you away from heart disease and improves one's rate of metabolism.\"If one recollects, Vivek was heard telling people in the past about the hazards of smoking as well, and now Vivek and Mallika are promoting the advantages of vegetarianism.Ho hum! When will VO stop preaching about everything and let his work speak for itself?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11635095", "title": "Punjabi singers perform in market, fans go crazy", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: On the eve of Republic Day, visitors to Sarabha Nagar market had a musical treat lined up for them. Punjabi singers, Angrej Ali and Tarsem Ali, both from city, performed for them, as all of them, especially youngsters, danced on their latest song, \"Phatte chak denge\" and many others.The singers performed in one of the restaurants in the market and the crowd went crazy after listening to them and songs like \"nachdi ne mitra de naal nachna,\" \"assi krde hain sardari yaran de sir te,\" \"hun nakhre na kr sohniye, tere te dil aa gya,\" etc. \"It was a surprise for us that a small show was organized in the market for Republic Day. What was exciting was that local singers performed there,\" said Munish, a student and resident of Model Town.He said these singers usually perform in England, Canada and America and he was delighted that they performed in the market. Echoing the same, another student and resident of Sarabha Nagar, Kewal Dheer said, \"Punjabi songs have so much energy to enthuse the listeners. We automatically started dancing. It was so much fun for more than one hour. We enjoyed a lot.\"Singer Tarsem Ali said, \"It was a good experience to perform in the market, where we used to wander as youths. The youngsters enjoyed our songs to the fullest and we loved singing for them.\" He said they would love to perform more for city residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635276", "title": "Five from state get Padma Shri", "text": "JAIPUR: Five persons from Rajasthan have been conferred with Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in the country. Gold medalist in Athens Paralympics Devendra Jhajharia, terrecotta artisan Mohan Lal Kumhar, industrialist Swapan Guha, folk singer Sakar Khan and archer Limba Ram have been chosen for Padma Shri.Devendra Jhajharia, who is a gold medalist in Athens Paralympics 2004, is also a world record holder in javelin throw. He started his career in 2002. \"I received the news when an official from the ministry of home affairs called me and asked me whether I would accept the award,\" said Jhajharia. \"With this award comes a big responsibility and I will do everything to win as many medal as I can,\" he said.Swapan Guha, who owns a ceramics manufacturing plant in Jaipur, receives the honour for his contribution in the ceramics industry. He is the second person in the history of ceramics industry to get the honour. \"I was enthralled with this honour and enjoying every moment of it. I am happy that government recognized the work in ceramics which is very complex but used in every aspect of our life,\" said Guha. He is also the president of Durga Bari Association.Mohanlal Chaturbuj Kumhar, who gave a new dimension to the terracotta art in the country belongs to Molella village of Rajsamand district. He started learning the craft at the age of 8 from his father. Bestowed by many other national and international awards, Kumhar has been asked to beautify the walls of Mumbai international airport with his terracotta art. \"It has been a fruitful journey so far. Though we faced lot of difficulties in perusing this art, our commitment and blessings by art lovers helped us in sailing through tough time,\" felt Kumhar.Another awardee, Sakar Khan Manganiar, belongs to Hamira village of Jaisalmer district. Seventysix-year-old Sakar Khan receives the award for his contribution to folk music with special emphasis on 'Kamaicha' instrument. Khan will also be felicitated by the government of Rajasthan on January 26. \"I am humbled with this appreciation. The music that comes out of Kamaicha is a feeling of being in paradise,\" said Khan. Belonging to Manganiar community, Khan feels that it is a recognition for the whole community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635700", "title": "RTI activists help citizen candidates file papers", "text": "MUMBAI: Sixty citizen candidates filed nominations for the February 16 civic elections under the expert guidance of Right to Information (RTI) activists Gaurang Vora, Mohammed Afzal and Arjun Tupe at the Khar library at Chitrakar Dhurandhar Marg on Wednesday. They were guided through the process as a mistake could cost them their candidacy.Each candidate asked questions and went ahead step-by-step in detail, and RTI experts explained \"asset declaration, hard assets and liquid assets\".\"They were told to mention names of a proposer, seconders and family. They were also made to disclose joint ownerships. Filling up the form is a sensitive issue as it can be rejected due to a silly mistake due to lack of information. Their hands shook as they undertook the huge responsibility, particularly because the same question was asked five times. They filled it on a photocopy, then copied it on a hard copy, gave a pay order deposit, preferably cash, and then filed their nominations individually,\" said Santosh Awatramani, spokesperson, Mumbai 227, a platform to support citizen candidates. The pay order deposit is Rs 5,000 for men and Rs 2,500 for women, scheduled caste and OBC candidates.Candidates spoke of their experiences while campaigning and were warned of what their competitors (political parties) could do. Mehul Kuwadia of Grey Cells trained the candidates on how to present themselves. They were also explained details about the code of conduct, campaign planning and execution and basic civic procedures by Vora and Afzal.\"Kuwadia also trained candidates in public speaking and press interaction. They have each been given ready-reckoners, handy tips via e-mail, as well as electoral data on CDs,\" said Awatramani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633814", "title": "'Hear St Mary's plea by Feb 28'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday set a time-limit of February 28 for the Director of Education (DE), Pune to hear the appeal of St Mary's High School, Mazgaon, against derecognition of its Secondary School Certificate (SSC) section.A division bench of Justices D K Deshmukh and Sunil Deshmukh was hearing a petition by the school, a minority institution run by the Jesuits, challenging the deputy DE's May 24, 2011 order cancelling its recognition. On July 7, 2011, HC restrained the DE from implementing any order he proposes to pass in appeal against the derecognition and directed him to decide the appeals expeditiously. Instead, the DE on October 31, 2011, continued the recognition for 2011-12 subject to conditions, including a refund of Rs 1.45 crore collected from nursery and primary section students.The school's advocate, S C Naidu, argued that the appeal had not been decided and instead the DE had directed refund of fees. \"After the derecognition order was passed, a thousand students were affected,\" he added.Assistant government pleader Smita Gaidhani said the DE's October 31, 2011 order was interim. The judges said imposing the condition of refund was \"unreasonable and harsh\" as its implementation would result in problems. \"In case at the final hearing, if the management wins the case, it will be difficult for the management to recover the amount,\" they noted in their order. They said the DE could not \"make a drastic order\" and directed deletion of the refund condition.They added that DE can include it only at the time of the final disposal. The judges made it clear that the \"DE is the appellate authority and he will have to hear the appeal himself\".In a related matter on non-approval by the Education Inspector (EI) of appointment of principals of St Mary's High School at Mazgaon and St Xavier's High School at Dhobitalao, the court rapped the EI for interfering with the appointments of principals. The judges upheld the submission of the schools' advocate Arvind Kothari that minority institutions have a right to appoint their own principals. \"You don't exercise jurisdiction where you have and you misuse it where you don't have,\" said Justice Deshmukh, adding the EI should only be concerned about appointments and not whether it is legal or illegal. Gaidhani said the EI would withdraw the orders of non-approval and take a decision in accordance with the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "11634047", "title": "Four held for hurling bomb at bus", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Four persons were held by the police for hurling a petrol bomb at a state bus at Chokkampatti on Tuesday night. The bus was on its way from Puliankudi to Surandai. When the bus neared Punnaivanam near Chokkampatti, a gang pelted stones and then hurled a petrol bomb at it. The bomb fell inside the bus resulting in a few seats catching fire. Panicked passengers who were few fled from the bus.The driver, Selvamani and conductor Saravanan quickly doused the fire to control the damage. Selvamani suffered minor burn injuries due to the attack and was sent to hospital. SP Vijendra Bidari, DSP, Tamim rushed to the spot and held an inquiry.Investigation revealed that a few youth from Aiyapuram threw the petrol bomb at the bus to create tension in the locality so that the killers of dalit leader, Pasupathi Pandian will be arrested soon. Through fingerprints and other details, Police found that B Prabakaran (28), R Robert (24), R, C Shanmugaraj (26) and P Xavier alias Chelladurai (34) from Aiyapuram were involved. tnn in the incident.Police caught hold of them at Pampukoil Santhai near the railway station on Wednesday evening and remanded them to custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634830", "title": "EC flays parties for criticizing its orders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Election Commission termed political parties' remarks criticizing its orders as \"irresponsible\".The Commission said if political outfits feel heat of its directive, \"it is their problem\".\"Anybody making such a statement is making an irresponsible statement,\" Chief Election Commission S Y Quraishi told reporters when asked about criticism of the poll authority by political parties in cases of violation of the model code of conduct.\"We are very fair and even handed. If somebody feels the heat it is their problem. We are very fair and there is no doubt about that,\" he said on the sidelines of the National Voters' Day function.Recently, the EC was attacked by UP CM Mayawati for its decision to cover her statues and that of the BSP poll symbol 'elephant' which were built at government expense.Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal also targeted the EC. Badal had said the Commission officials should 'act with constitutional restraint'.Quraishi also dubbed EC's decision to cover the statues of BSP poll symbol 'elephant' and that of Mayawati as \"correct and wise\".He pointed out that in 2004, the Commission had covered the photographs of the then PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee appearing across national highways as part of the Golden Quadrilateral project.Quraishi said conducting peaceful elections, controlling of money power and stopping distribution of liquor were among the EC's top priorities.Political leaders were conspicuous by their absence at the function where the top poll officers urged voters to participate in elections in large numbers to elect \"solid, sincere and hard working\" representatives.The absence of political leaders was pointed out by former President A P J Abdul Kalam, who was the chief guest at the function.However, Quraishi said the absence of political parties did not reflect indifference on their part. He pointed out that it would have been difficult for political parties to leave the poll campaign and come for the programme as elections were only a few days away.Asked about publication of opinion polls, the CEC said there was no ban on the exercise.However, he said opinion polls cannot be broadcast or published 48 hours prior to the end of any phase of elections.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633224", "title": "Now, Poonam Pandey greets PMO on Twitter in a bikini", "text": "NEW DELHI: She has always found innovative ways to grab eyeballs. Last year she tried to get the Indian cricket team to perform better by offering to strip if they won the World Cup. While Dhoni's men fulfiled their mission, she did not make good her promise.Now with the Indian cricket team turning out one dismal performance after another in Australia, Ms Pandey has no time for Team India. This time, the Mumbai-based model and reality TV star has aimed for the high corridors of power welcoming the freshest on Twitter - the official @PMOIndia account for the Prime Minister's Office. The PMO had sent out its first tweet on Monday.\"#iHeard that @PMOIndia is on Twitter. Does he knows (sic) that @iPoonamPandey is on Twitter too...so a welcoming pic'\" she tweeted Tuesday evening, attaching a picture of her in a white bikini with it. Even after getting over 50 retweets, Pandey was nowhere close to done. She followed it up with another tweet later last afternoon with a picture of her in a dress holding a small flag of India. \"#RepublicDayPIC Tweethearts!! Sharing a (sic) old pic...2 years back! Perfect welcome @PMOIndia\".The response, a mixture of mild amusement and light-hearted encouragement, also had those with a funny bone complaining of her being overdressed in the pictures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634582", "title": "Folk dances light up stage at Unifest", "text": "NAGPUR: If the youth of today is the caretaker of our culture and heritage, then the Indian tradition is in not just in secure hands but also has a fair chance of flourishing. And performances at the ongoing Unifest were perfect examples.The Thougal Jagoi (offering dance) presented by Manipur University is a traditional folk dance form performed by men and women to please gods and goddesses for prosperity and growth.Bangalore University presented various facets of old folk forms of Karnataka. Students of Punjab Technical University lived up to the fiery reputation of the dance that marks the joy of the harvest season. The life, aspirations, joys and sorrows of the people were aptly expressed in the songs to which the Bhangra was danced.Different shades of 'Rang-Rangilo Rajasthan' came to life at the Jalla Chari folk dance presented by Banasthali University. Chari is one of the most popular folk art forms of the state that is steeped in culture and heritage.In the Bhojpuri song, the dancers pleaded with their husbands to buy them finery like lehenga and chunri and items of jewellery.Maharshi Dayanand University presented the famous Haryanvi all-male folk dance known as Dhamal. They depicted the hard-working farmers and soldiers who let off their stress and lift their spirits by dancing.Tamil Nadu is rich with folk culture and ancient art traditions. The team's performance had such variety that it left everyone spellbound.They went on with their acrobatic perfection to present the Poikaal Kudhirai Aattam, Kavadi Aattam, Mayil Aattam and Karaga Aattam celebrating the agrarian traditions of the state.Benaras Hindu University presented the Jhijhia folk dance which is traditionally performed in the Mirzapur region of Uttar Pradesh and some areas of Bihar. It was performed by a team of girls with earthen pots with oil lamps inside on their head. The perforated pots glowed beautifully. The dancers then performed some difficult choreographed manoeuvres.The Banasthali dancers, each balancing a flaming stack of four earthen pots on their head, portrayed a scene before the marriage ceremony.Pavra folk dance of the tribals of Dhulia-Nandurbar area in Maharashtra was presented by Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University. Dressed in traditional finery and heads adorned with peacock feathers, the men and women pick up the 'paraat' and 'lakdi' to team up in couples and break into a dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634868", "title": "Over 40% of global population prone to dengue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue has become a major global menace.According to the World Health Organization's estimates released on Wednesday, over 2.5 billion people - over 40% of the world's population - are now at risk from dengue. WHO estimates there may be 50-100 million dengue infections worldwide annually.Before 1970, only nine countries had experienced severe dengue epidemics. The disease is endemic in more than 100 countries. Cases across the Americas, south-east Asia and western Pacific have exceeded 1.2 million cases in 2008 and over 2.2 million in 2010.In 2010, 1.6 million cases of dengue were reported in the Americas alone, of which 49 000 were severe dengue. An estimated 500, 000 people with severe dengue require hospitalization each year, a large proportion of whom are children. About 2.5% of those affected die, says the WHO.According to a Union health ministry note, dengue has been identified as one of the 17 neglected tropical diseases by the UN body. It has also been listed among the 40 emerging diseases of global importance.According to the Planning Commission, the occurrence of dengue fever was reported during 1956 from Tamil Nadu's Vellore district. Since then, out of 35 states/UTS, 31 have reported dengue cases during last two decades (1991-2010). Recurring outbreaks of dengue fever /dengue haemorrhagic fever have been reported from Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, Goa, Haryana, Gujarat, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Puducherry, Punjab, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal. In 2006, India witnessed an outbreak of DF/DHF, with 12,317 cases and 184 deaths reported from 18 states/ UTs (270 districts).In 2010, 28,292 cases and 110 deaths were reported from 27 states/UTs (403 districts), which is highest in the country over the last two decades. The case fatality rate (deaths per 100 cases) due to dengue which was 1.5% in 2006 has declined to 0.4% in 2010 after the national guidelines on clinical management of DF/DHF/DSS were developed and circulated in 2007.All the four virus serotypes DENV 1-4 have been isolated in India. Aedes aegypti is the most efficient vector of dengue in India. A Planning Commission note says, \"The risk of dengue has shown an increase in the recent years due to rapid urbanization, life style changes and improper water storage practices in urban, peri-urban and rural areas, leading to proliferation of mosquito breeding sites. Due to the manmade environmental and lifestyle changes DF/DHF has now spread to rural areas as well. Dengue is an ecological disease and the transmission is related to rainfall and temperature. Every year during the period of July-Nov there is an upsurge in the cases of Dengue/DHF. However, in the peninsular states and western parts of the country the disease has become perennial.\"Based on the dengue transmission potential at macro and micro levels, WHO has categorized the countries in SEARO. Till 2009, India was in Category B, grouped with Bangladesh and Maldives, where cyclical epidemics are becoming more frequent, multiple virus serotypes circulating and expanding geographically within countries.However, in 2010 WHO grouped India in Category A countries with Indonesia, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Timor-Leste where dengue is a major public health problem, leading cause of hospitalization and death among children, hyper-endemicity in urban centres, spreading to rural areas and multiple virus serotypes circulating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635076", "title": "Sancheti to be honoured with Padma Vibhushan", "text": "PUNE: Orthopaedic surgeon K H Sancheti and educationist S B Mujumdar will be honoured with Padma Vibhushan and Padma Bhushan, respectively, this year. Playwright Satish Alekar, 'lavani' artiste Yamunabai Waikar, industrialist Arun Firodia, former director of Deccan College K Paddayya and executive director of Poona Blind Men's Association Niranjan Pandya are some of the other esteemed names from Pune who will be honoured with Padma Shri.\"This award is the topmost achievement of my life. I never thought I would get this award. For me, to reach this stage in my career is phenomenal,\" said Sancheti, who is known for ground-breaking research in hip and knee joints in India.The Padma Bhushan awarded to him in 2003 was much inspiration to further streamline his focus as an orthopaedic surgeon. \"The Padma Vibhushan has further inspired to work harder and focus on research related to adult aspects of orthopaedics. Our joint-related research will benefit around three lakh people every year,\" Sancheti said.Mujumdar, chancellor of Symbiosis International University (SIU), said: \"I think every member of the Symbiosis family has won the award.\"Around 45,000 students are auditing courses at 43 of its branches and around 2.5 lakh students part of the various distance-learning courses started by Symbiosis International University (SIU).\"In future, we want to focus on creation of knowledge by having research-oriented courses in three clusters, namely, law, humanities and social sciences; engineering, technology, computers and telecommunications; and biomedical sciences. We want to create a culture of research among students, right from undergraduate to post-graduate courses,\" Mujumdar added.Pandya, who is the executive director of Poona Blind Men's Association, also helped found the HV Desai Eye Hospital in 2000. \"I have worked very hard for nearly 46 years for the socio-economic welfare and rehabilitation of my visually impaired brothers and sisters. Today, I'm glad that the Government of India has acknowledged our hard work. Our focus has always been on treating preventive blindness ,\" Pandya said.\"In India, there are around 12 million visually impaired people, out of which, five million have avoidable blindness. Since the founding of the eye hospital, we have performed 2.5 million surgeries. The hospital also has an eye bank which collected around 700 corneas, last year,\" Pandya said.For industrialist Arun Firodia, the Padma Shri award was totally unexpected. \"I think it is an appreciation of what we have been able to do by developing vehicles for the common man, especially, women. We have helped in the social transformation of India and have been appreciated for it with this award,\" Firodia said.Alekar, who has been associated with theatre for more than 40 years, said he would like to share his Padma Shri with the actors who have been performing his acclaimed plays for several years.\"Especially actors like Chandrakant Kale, who has acted in five plays of mine including 'Begum Barve' and 'Mahanirvaan,' as well as music composer Anand Modak and my colleagues Mohan Agashe and Vidyadhar Watve. Theatre is a collective art and I will also share this honour with the experiment theatre group, Theatre Academy, which I administered from 1972 to 92, and Lalit Kala Kendra, University of Pune, which I headed from 1996 to 2009.\"He would like to dedicate this honour to his wife, Anita, who passed away unexpectedly four years ago. \"It is she who gave me the strength to sustain in my kind of theatre which is not in the popular stream,\" Alekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11633886", "title": "Three females, one male in fray in Bahraich", "text": "BAHRAICH: The election at Balha reserved assembly seat is getting interesting day by day.BJP, Congress and BSP have fielded female candidates, while the SP has shown trust in Shabbir Ahmad who has been MLA for three consecutive times.The BSP has given its ticket to Kiran Bharti. The Congress has fielded Poonam Kishore, the wife of Congress MP Kamal Kishore.The BJP has given its ticket to Savitribai Phoole. The BJP and Congress candidates are trying to raise the issues of development.UP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11635242", "title": "Voters take oath to cast vote legally", "text": "KANPUR: With a view to create awareness among the masses about the importance of casting vote, a rally was taken out in the city on Wednesday on National Voter's Day. The rally started from the Green Park Stadium and culminated on Sarsaiyya Ghat.The rally was taken out under the aegis of 'Matdaata Jagrukta Abhiyan' on the instructions of the Election Commission of India.It was on this occasion that first-time and young voters were made to take a pledge that they would cast vote in an honest manner and follow all the norms. They also took a pledge that the vote would be casted in a legal way.DM/District Election Officer Hari Om made the young voters take the pledge and read a message of the Chief Election Commissioner before the people present. A large number of students participated in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634182", "title": "20-yr-old student from Canada goes missing in Calangute", "text": "PANAJI: A 20-year-old engineering student, studying in Canada , has gone missing in Goa. His parents claim he was last seen in Calangute. The police have now registered a kidnapping case.Sharang Bhardwaj, who is studying information technology in a college in Canada, had come to Goa on January 7 without informing his parents, who work in Saudi Arabia . \"He withdrew money from his bank account and without telling anyone at home, flew down to Goa,\" said Calangute police.Police said that he stayed in a guesthouse in Calangute, while his parents desperately tried to contact him but in vain. \"With no response from Sharang, the family members flew down to their hometown in Delhi and tried to trace his whereabouts and learnt that he was in Calangute,\" said the police.However, before the parents could reach Goa, Sharang left the guesthouse. \"He took his mobile and laptop along with him, but left his luggage, filled with clothes, in the room. We initially suspected that he moved out of the guesthouse on January 9, fearing that his parents would track him down,\" police said.The parents reached Goa and on failing to trace Sharang, approached Calangute police on January 14 and lodged a missing complaint. \"We launched a search and a team was sent to Anjuna and Calangute to check the boy's whereabouts. In Anjuna, we were told that he had once approached a shack owner for a job. But we have not been able to trace him,\" police said.On Wednesday, the police registered a kidnapping case. \"The father said that they have not received any call for ransom. We are looking into all aspects of the case,\" a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635518", "title": "13/7 bomber still near city?", "text": "Security agencies in Mumbai said they are working on the premise that one of the two 13/7 bombers is still in the vicinity of the city. Local investigators said it is the overconfidence of the bomber that has kept him near Mumbai even after the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) announced it had cracked the case.The ATS has named two men in the case as wanted accused A and B. It is felt that these two are Tabrez and Waqqas, the two Pakistanis who stayed at Habib Apartments in Byculla and who are suspected to have planted two of the three bombs.Police sources said the Pakistani nationals' overconfidence led them to stay in Mumbai after the July 13 blasts. Their presence wasn't detected till six IM members were arrested in Delhi in November. However, after they escaped from Byculla, Tabrez and Waqqas must have felt they still could dodge security agencies, said a source.While officers haven't picked up Waqqas's trail, they seem to have detected Tabrez in the vicinity of Mumbai. Investigators wouldn't reveal why they think he is near the city, but separate sources said that Tabrez's mobile number could have been traced. Tabrez and Waqqas left their room on the midnight of November 27. \"The phone numbers they were using are switched off now. But security agencies had been working on finding their new numbers. Tabrez's may have been detected,\" said a police source.Meanwhile, the police are also planning to invoke the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) in the case.Tabrez and Waqqas had reportedly stayed at Habib Apartments from February to November. Sources said it is possible that after the duo fled the city, they separated to avoid suspicion. \"Tabrez planted one bomb. But, we don't want to say whether Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar, who have been arrested in the case, were present while the bombs were assembled,\" said a policeman.ATS chief Rakesh Maria denied reports that the Dadar bomb was actually meant for Siddhivinayak temple. ATS teams sent to Bihar and other states are returning with leads, said police. The computer seized from Byculla has been sent for analysis. Investigations show some data has been deleted. The cops reportedly got phone numbers and files from the computer.Taqi summoned, sends med reportsNEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria said Taqi, the brother of the arrested Naqi Ahmed, has been summoned for questioning on Friday in Mumbai. However, Taqi told sources in Delhi that two of his other brothers are already under virtual house arrest in Mumbai. \"I have produced a detailed medical report stating that I cannot go to Mumbai as I am not keeping well,\" Taqi told TOI in Delhi. Sources have indicated that the ATS might send a team to Shaheen Bagh in Delhi for a fresh round of questioning.--Dwaipayan Ghosh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11635247", "title": "Woman accuses in-laws, hubby of dowry torture", "text": "SURAT: A woman from Vadodara has filed a complaint alleging that her father-in-law tried to rape her and other members of her family, including the husband tortured her for dowry.In her complaint, the woman, a resident of Nizampura area in Vadodara, has named her husband, father-in-law, mother-in-law, brother-in-law, and sister-in-law.The compliant was first registered in Fatehgunj police station of Vadodara and later transferred to Katargam police station here.She got married in early 2008, who later went to the US for a job. However, in December she returned to her parents' house in Vadodara complaining that she was being tortured for dowry.She alleged that the family started demanding dowry and started taunting her while she was at her in-laws' residence in Bhulabhai Desai Park in Katargam. Later, her father-in-law also allegedly tried to rape her, while her mother-in-law tried to smother her with a pillow, the complaint states. Other family members supported the act, as per the complaint.She claimed in her complaint that she was tortured for dowry between December 2 and December 28, 2008.\"We are yet to question the woman as the compliant has been transferred from Vadodara. We have called her to Surat for recording her statement after which we can start the investigation,\" said D M Chauhan, sub inspector and investigating officer at Katargam police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634241", "title": "Fire breaks out in Malad mall", "text": "MUMBAI: A minor fire broke out at D-Mart mall, Malad, Linking Road, on Wednesday morning. No casualties were reported. According to the fire department, the blaze started in the mall's godown, which was packed with inflammable material. The reason for the fire is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635753", "title": "Dispute over thread\u2019s colour leads to death", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dispute over the colour of a thread resulted in death of a craftsman at Raeen Nagar locality of Balaganj in Thakurganj police station area on Wednesday. The victim was identified as Mohd Raees (38), a resident of Raeen Nagar. A craftsman involved in aari zarodzi work, Raees went to a nearby shop. While purchasing thread, Raees entered into an argument with the shopkeeper, which later took an ugly turn. Raees beat up Gulfaam's brother (the shopkeeper) and then went back to the shop. The incident took place at around 6.30 pm. After around an hour, Gulfaam along with his brother and a couple of more persons came back to the shop where Raees was working. The miscreants called Raees out and started beating him out of revenge. One of the miscreants shot at Raees with a pistol. Raees was immediately rushed to nearby private medical college, where he was declared dead, circle officer Piyush Ranjan Srivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635312", "title": "Meet the Jaipur lad who scored 100% in CAT", "text": "JAIPUR: Two weeks after the CAT results were announced, it came to light that a Jaipur boy created history by scoring 100% in the examination. Twenty-year-old Aashish Gupta, a graduate in mechanical engineering from IIT-Delhi, has again proved that if you're determined to achieve something, then sky is the limit. His score was shared by only nine students out of 1.85 lakh candidates appeared in the examination last November.Gupta is working with Indian Oil Corporation at Abu Road. For first two days after the result, he wasn't even aware that only nine students had scored 100%, including him. \"I was very busy in handling a project. But later I learnt from friends that I am among the top nine students,\" said an elated Gupta over phone from Abu Road. \"I could not share my success with others as I was on a company tour,\" he said.\"The CAT is not at all a complicated examination if your concepts are clear. Divide your time and start preparing well in advance, then nothing can stop you to bell the CAT,\" said Gupta.A meritorious student throughout his academics, he always aspired to become an engineer. He achieved his aim and got into IIT after scoring 650 All India Rank in 2006. Even his performance in Class XII and X was phenomenal, always above 90%.\"Proficiency in English is needed to clear CAT which wasn't difficult for me. I overcame my shortcomings by reading English newspapers and watching English news,\" he said. He said that his proficiency in maths helped him make his way to IIM. He will be returning to Jaipur next week, he said.He attributed his success to his family who has always understood his needs and supported accordingly. \"My father always says that small dream is a crime. I am so lucky to have caring parents and three elder sisters who provided me a conducive environment that helped in my personal growth,\" said Gupta.He felt the need of having a management degree during his job. \"I have realized that management degree would be a value addition in your career,\" Gupta while adding that he aspires to open a consultancy which requires a blend of both technical and management education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635972", "title": "Bumpy ride for single education board", "text": "The Indian government may be deliberating over the introduction of a single education board system, but in Mumbai the debate refuses to die out. In a country with 35 different education boards including ICSE, CBSE and more recently, the IB, the transition is not going to be easy. Educationists, teachers, principals and even parents and students are divided over whether a single board will be effective.Rakesh Joshi, principal of Apeejay School at Nerul said: \"India is a multilingual nation, which has various cultural differences. Most of the state boards and other boards have customised their curriculum according to localised nature of education, particularly in the primary section. Any major step to unify the boards may lead to differences, not only socially and culturally, but also politically.\"According to Misha Bothra, a teacher from HR College in south Mumbai, the government has to address huge disparity in income. \"Implementing a centralised education syllabus is going to be tough as we are a diverse nation,\" she said.In August 2011, Tamil Nadu became the first Indian state to have a common syllabus, textbooks and examinations. Prior to that, schools in the state were following four boards-the state board, Matriculation board, Oriental board, and the Anglo-Indian board. While the proposal was mooted a few years ago, the government managed to merge the four boards after a long legal battle. 'Samacheer Kalvi' as the common curriculum board is called is framed on the lines of National Curriculum Framework. This, however, does not include national boards like the CBSE and ICSE.While this was the first initiative of its kind, its success is yet to be measured in qualitative terms. Bhavna Saxena, a teacher from Bal Bharati School at Kharghar, supports the idea of a single board. \"Students will stand an equal chance to get through colleges,\" she said.But not everyone agrees. Anita Rampal, the Dean, Faculty of Education, Delhi University , said that state boards should not be eradicated completely. \"They must rather come together to reflect and design a school curriculum, which is not identical but equivalent in a manner. Different states need to enhance their capacities through workshops and short-term courses so that a meaningful change is made in the curriculum and examination system,\" she said. In her opinion, Indian state boards should offer flexibility in the curriculum and introduce \"creative courses\".Lopamudra Sen, who teaches at an ICSE school, suggests that instead of introducing a single curriculum, the government could standardise the grading system. \"The most appropriate approach, in my opinion, should be to allow the state boards to remain, but ensure a uniform evaluation system. The government can introduce a regulatory authority to oversee the content of the syllabus keeping in mind the cultural and economic diversity of each state.\"If a single board promises to offer best quality education, then it is a welcome idea, believes Nandita Das Gupta, Principal of Avalon Heights, an IGCSE School. She said, \"If it keeps in track of what the international boards are offering and bench marks itself to the best of the world's standard, then yes, everything is positive.\"The recent Programme for International Student Assessment (Pisa) report, which tests education systems on the basis of reading, science, literature and art, ranked Tamil Nadu and Himachal Pradesh at No 73, better than only Kyrgyzstan . In this context, the question of suitability of the 'single education system' becomes all the more relevant.So what do students make of this hotly debated issue? Shehaab Roshan from Jai Hind College said, \"At this moment, the prerogative of the government should be to ensure basic education for every single child, rather than focusing on the intricacies.\"Kanchi Shah, a student from HR College, said: \"Implementation of a syllabus that is going to be 'suitable' to all political parties will be the greatest roadblock. Tomorrow, if we don't see Marathi or Bengali as a part of the syllabus, it's going to concern ministers more than students.\" Mamta Varma, a faculty member at Utpal Sanghavi International School in Juhu, says that the along with the central board, state boards should work together to frame a curriculum and the questioning pattern during exams, which focuses more on \"application of knowledge and less on rote learning\".Pari Sankhala &amp; Yash Muthiyan | YOUNG EDITORS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635444", "title": "IIM-L student arrested for murder in 2008", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Wednesday arrested a first year student of IIM-Lucknow, Rahul Verma, for the murder of Mumbai-based fashion designer Aadesh Bajpai in Kanpur in 2008. Rahul was then a BTech student at IIT-Kanpur. A CBI court remanded Rahul in three-day police custody.CBI sleuths searched his IIM-L hostel room and his house at Lucknow's Indiranagar and seized his laptop and some documents. Investigators said Rahul and Aadesh had met on a website for gays and were in touch through a social network site. \"We are trying to assess fresh information and clues we got during the search,\" said a CBI officer.Aadesh had come to Kanpur from Mumbai on August 10, 2008 to meet his cousin Vivek Trivedi. He told him that he was going to meet his friend at IIT-K. He went missing after that.He was last seen with Rahul Verma on the night of August 10. After Aadesh's murder, Kanpur police visited the IIT-K campus and questioned several students, including Rahul. About 13 days after Aadesh disappeared, police found a skull and 16 bones from a ditch near the campus.His parents, camping in Kanpur, said the skull seemed to be that of their son. A sample was sent for DNA profiling to the Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics in Hyderabad. Kanpur police later told Aadesh's family that DNA from the samples could not be extracted. But the second sample sent to Hyderbabd confirmed that the remains were of Aadesh.The police worked on the case for nearly 20 months. On April 1, 2010, the case was suddenly transferred to the CBCID. Aadesh's father Surya Kumar Bajpai then approached the Allahabad High Court seeking transfer of the case back to the district police on the grounds that about 75% of the probe was complete. In May 2010, the court ordered the case to be returned to the Kanpur police.Aadesh's family again approached the HC. They feared the investigation was being influenced and demanded a CBI probe. The probe was then handed over to the CBI. Officers in Kanpur police and IIT-K administration told TOI they would offer all support to the CBI to help them crack the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11634301", "title": "NCC cadets to exhibit anti-ambush drill", "text": "VARANASI: The NCC group 'A' of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will present a live demonstration of defence against terrorist attack on the occasion of 63rd Republic Day celebrations at amphitheatre on BHU campus. Lieutenant colonel R P Ram said that it is for the first time that the anti-ambush drill will be conducted by as many as 20 officers.\"The soldiers will arrive in 10 vehicles and present their defence against hidden terrorists amid gunshots and smoke,\" said Ram while talking to TOI during the rehearsals on Tuesday. In the series of events organised by NCC group A of BHU, the display of flying two aircrafts prepared by NCC cadets will be another attraction of the day. According to Anita Kumari, Girls Cadet Instructor (GCI), there will be some static display of MIG 23, Jaguar, MIG 29, and models of different navy ships as well.As per the tradition, the cadets of 89 UP battalion, naval unit, air force unit, 28 girls battalion will be performing parade, followed by a band performance on 'Iron Lady' by as many as 30 jawans of 39 GTC, Varanasi. The NCC cadets will also present a skit showcasing the strength of unity in diversity of the India, apart from routine performances of group dances and group songs by schoolchildren of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11636033", "title": "AP boys' success stir up a row", "text": "MUMBAI: The brightest kids, the ones who know their sciences come from Andhra Pradesh. Or at least that is what the results of a national-level test forces one to believe. A blue-chip pan-India examination conducted to pick the best brains who will go on to flaunt their scientific brawn on the international stage, has selected almost everyone from this southern state, leaving thousands of other teenage test takers flummoxed.Over 23,000 ninth-graders from schools across the country participated in the National Standard Examination in Junior Science (NSEJS) conducted by the Indian Association of Physics Teachers November last. Competition was tough and only the first 300 were elevated to the second round which will be held at the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, later this week.But, what has left students and selectors equally aghast is that 286 of the 300 who qualified in the first round came from Andhra Pradesh. Run through that list and 94 successful candidates sat for the exam at one centre in the education hub of Narayanaguda, Hyderabad __ Ratna Junior College.When the names of the 300 contenders were passed on to the HBCSE, it decided to extend the list to do away with the regional bias. \"There seemed to be striking regional disparity and extending the merit list was the only fair thing to do,\" said Jayashree Ramdas, Chair, National Steering Committee Science and Astronomy Olympiads.So, five days hence, a second list was out. That hardly changed the equation. Again, of the top 535, a whopping 450, or 84%, spots were occupied by children from Andhra Pradesh. Ramdas added, \"There are some places in India where the concentration of coaching classes is high. For instance we get more students from Rajasthan and AP. But this year, the results are very extreme.\"Coaching classes that train students for the Olympiad see something amiss too. When the merit list was pored over, heads of some classes alleged that students belonging to one top coaching institute in Andhra Pradesh had cornered a large number of slots; most did not rule out mass cheating at some centres which reflected an unusually high number of successful candidates.But M L Oglapurkar who heads IAPT ruled out any instance of cheating. While he acknowledged the fact that there were far too many students who qualified from Andhra Pradesh this year, he reasoned it to the fact that the state had the highest enrolment of students who took the NSEJS; that has been the scenario since a few years. \"We had responsible supervisors at the exam centre. One must note that there are special schools, even Olympiad schools that provide training for competitive exams,\" he added.But there was more than what meets the eye, said some. The rule of thumb is that most children who participate and go on to do well in the NSEJS have also invariably qualified in the National Talent Search Examination. \"Out of 286 students from AP, only 18 have either cleared NTSE stage 1 or stage 2. On the other hand 13 students of the 28 students selected from the rest of India are either NTSE stage 1 or 2 qualified,\" said Saurabh Khanna, who trains students for competitive exams.Parents whose children were rejected only hope that the selection process has been fair. For, from these students, a final team of 12 will be carved out to represent India in the International Junior Astronomy Olympiad and the International Junior Science Olympiad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635400", "title": "'It is a people's festival and would always be'", "text": "JAIPUR: Finally, all's well that ends well. For the organizers of Jaipur Literature Festival, it hasn't been easy all these days as they had to manage over 1.22 lakh visitors, besides the hysteria over Salman Rushdie's visit.\"The festival, though a bit hectic, was an incredible event. Not just a festival, it went a long way in promoting brand Jaipur or for that matter India to the international audience. And even though it was difficult dealing with the politics of the Salman Rushdie's event, what was amazing was that the event clearly triumphed and emerged as the people's festival,\" said Sanjoy Roy, producer of the festival.But what matters is that going through session after session, from genre to genre, economics to politics, poetry to religion would certainly have entrenched a thought, an idea that the young have gone back with to open a whole new world of possibilities for them, feels Sanjoy.The festival that took 18 months of planning at every stage and level had to undergo several last minute changes for security reasons. \"Every minute there were issues to be dealt with whether it was the host authors, administration, visitors, 600 accredited media personnel from across the globe, 300 freelancers. Added to that, there were times when meetings with the police and intelligence officials went on till 3 am going back and forth on with the single prime objective of ensuring just about everyone's security,\" said Sanjoy.But working through the police is something the organizers seem to appreciate immensely. \"There was only one request to the police, that it was not just another event for us and we would appreciate that the cops on duty, whatever the number, be polite with the crowd. Something that was remarkably noticeable,\" he said.Given the magnitude of the event and the fact that the festival is such an emotional exercise, one single incident could have sparked off enormous repercussions, he said. \"As a spin off, the politics of this entire thing took so much of my time and left me with the only regret that I could not devout much time to personally making the host authors feel comfortable,\" said Sanjoy.And even though the Muslim organizations had threatened to throw chairs on the screen if Rushdie spoke through video conference, once spoken to them was amazing despite vested interest trying to fuel the situation. \"The saddest outcome is the perception that Muslims continue to be radicalized and use threat. This perception is not true,\" he said.\"The issue is why is it that just the artists are targeted, why are the politicians never banned? If you have to ban a book sure, go ahead and ban but you must review it after a while. You can't ban it forever,\" he said. Lady Chatterley's Lover was banned in the UK, numerous works have been subjected to this level of legal scrutiny including James Joyce's Ulysses and Radclyffe Hall's Well of Loneliness that were both challenged by the courts before they were published.But all the same, the events that unfolded during the five days, \"Gave me an opportunity to interact with a cross-section of society that I had not visualized or interacted with before. The divide is clear but the two Indias need to merge. It is clearly people's festival and would always be,\" said Sanjoy.However as for the venue, the dissection will start now where the hunt for a bigger and more open venue has to be a priority. \"Ram Pratap has a three acre plot that he says they could develop for the next year,\" said Sanjoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633574", "title": "New BPL list survey to start this month", "text": "KOLKATA: A survey for drawing up a new list for people below the poverty line will start in the state this month. The survey would be completed by April, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said in Kolkata on Wednesday, after touring the Maoist-hit districts of Purulia and Bankura, and also South 24-Parganas.Explaining the reasons to go for a new BPL list, he said Bengal being a \"highly politicized state\", political considerations had crept in while drawing up the list in the past. The BPL list should not exclude beneficiaries on political considerations. Blaming it on the \"34-year tyrannical rule\" of the Left Front, Ramesh also took a dig at ally Trinamool Congress , saying \"a new tyranny should not replace it\".Because of such political considerations, even projects like Prime Minister's Gram Sadak Yojna had suffered in the state, he said. \"There are instances of roads not being constructed in places dominated by opposition parties.\"Ramesh said he had received complaints from villagers in the Maoist-hit districts that they were being forced to sell paddy at Rs 750 a quintal while the procurement price was Rs 1,080 a quintal. This was often because the farmers were selling their paddy to rice mills and not to state-designated procurement centres. \"For many years, farmers in eastern Indian states are not getting the full supply price of paddy,\" he said, indicating that this was not the problem of only the Mamata Banerjee government.\"This is because the infrastructure for procurement in these states is not strong, like in Punjab or Haryana.\" His suggested the Bengal government to follow the Andhra Pradesh model and involve rural self-help groups, who will purchase paddy directly from the farmers.Denying that there was any difference between him and Mamata, Ramesh said he had a long talk with the CM over the phone during the day to discuss the outcome of his visit. \"We could not meet because the CM went to Manipur today and I have to go back to Delhi.\" He said: \"I see changes after 34 years.\" Congress as partner of the ruling alliance also shared the credit for this performance. \"None has the monopoly over the credit,\" said Ramesh.In programmes under the MGNREGA, the performance of Bengal was below that of many other states, Ramesh said. \"The CM has assured me that things will improve but it will take some time as the neglect of the past 34 years will have to be corrected.\" He said funds for rural development would not be a problem for Bengal, each LWE district would get Rs 30 crore for projects like road and water supply in affected blocks. A project for fluoride-free drinking water of Rs 4,000 crore, aided by the World Bank and Japanese loan, was awaiting nod of the finance ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634605", "title": "First double-decker train in 2 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first double-decker train, to be introduced between Delhi and Jaipur, will be finally running on the tracks within the next two months before presentation of the railway budget.The train that was to make its maiden journey in July last year was delayed by several months after the Howrah-Dhanbad prototype being run by the eastern railway faced technical snags. This train, though, is now running without a hitch prompting northern railway to take the plunge.\"We are planning a trial run from February after which we plan to start operations from March,'' said S K Sharma, CPRO (northern railway).Sources said the railway safety commissioner is yet to give a go-ahead.The trial run of the new coaches from Kapurthala is also yet to begin. S K Budhalakoti, general manager, northern railway, said, \"The date of inauguration of the train will be announced shortly. It will definitely run before March 31, 2012.\" Having only AC chair-cars, the train will leave Delhi at 5.35pm and reach Jaipur by 10.05pm, stopping at Gurgaon and Delhi Cantonment. On its way back, it will depart from Jaipur at 6am.Tourists and businesspersons are expected to benefit from this service, the sources said.Railway sources said the prototype of the country's first AC double-decker passenger coach carries 70% more people than conventional coaches. Double-decker coaches, which will have 128 seats, are expected to be introduced in Yuva and Shatabdi class by the end of this year after undergoing extensive trials.The futuristic high-speed, stainless steel AC coaches would be introduced to cater to the heavy rush of commuters in high-density corridors offering AC travel at a low cost. A totally new coach design capable of running at a speed of 160 km/hr was developed by RCF engineers in tandem with Research Design and Standard Organization (RDSO) and Kapurthala rail coach factory within just nine months.Double-decker coaches, which only have seating arrangements, will be about one to one-and-a-half feet taller than conventional ones and ten inches higher from the ground level. Designed with new-age features including sliding doors, the coach rolled out by railway coach factory, Kapurthala, has been provided with enough space for passengers to sit comfortably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11633496", "title": "Court notices for Koda aides' appearance", "text": "RANCHI: Hearing case against former chief minister Madhu Koda and his aides in the multi-crore money-laundering scam, special PMLA court of Justice G K Singh issued notice for appearance in court to five of his aides.The proclamation, issued under Section 82 of the CrPC, will be served to Rohitash Krishnan of New Delhi, Anil Aadinath Vastavade of Pune, Shoubhik Chattopadhyay of Jamshedpur, Sunil Kumar Sinha and Manoj Kumar Sinha - both of Chaibasa.Special PMLA advocate S R Das said that under provisions of the proclamation notice, all five aides of Koda have one month time to appear before court, failing which proceedings for property attachment would be initiated.The court also issued a letter in the name of Pune commissioner of police asking him to intimate it about compliance of the proclamation notice issued in the name of Ajay Amarnath Bafna on June 26, 2011.The court said that the in absence of communication from Pune police about execution of the proclamation notice, further proceedings related to declaration of proclaimed offender could not be initiated.In another case relating to the ragging of students at Sainik School, Tilaiya, the Jharkhand high court issued notices to the state government directing it to ensure that such incidents are not repeated.Referring to anti-ragging guidelines issues earlier by the court, the state government has been asked to circulate the guidelines to all schools and observe zero tolerance against heinous acts of ragging in the schools.Advocate general Anil Kumar Sinha said that the government, school principal and advocate appearing on behalf of the school admitted that the incident of ragging occurred in the school.\"The court had directed the government to file a report after investigating the matter and the state filed its report on Wednesday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11638560", "title": "Mano's musical journey", "text": "It has been 25 years since Mano debuted in the cine industry as a playback singer and to mark the special day, he is all set to have a musical nite in the city.An unassuming Mano says, \"God has been kind to me all these years. When I turn back, I realize I've completed 25 years in the industry, but I don't know how swiftly time passed! In order to thank the audience for supporting me, I'm having a musical nite today. I'll be singing most of my hit numbers today and I think some of the other singers will also join me.\" Mano shot to fame in Kollywood with the Shenbagame... number from Enga Ooru Pattukaaran, and went on sing for all the leading actors in the 80s and 90s, including Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan. VL", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635097", "title": "Climate service centre for world Met office to be set up in city", "text": "PUNE: The India Meteorological Department's office in the city will get four major projects, totally worth Rs 350 crore, in the next five years, said A K Tyagi, director general of meteorology, here on Wednesday.Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the IMD's 137th Foundation Day function, Tyagi said the projects include a Climate Service Centre (CSC), which will serve as nodal agency for the World Meteorological Office's south Asia region for providing medium- and long-range forecasts on climate behaviour and variabilities.A Centre of Excellence (CoE) in agriculture meteorology; a south Asian centre for testing and calibration of meteorological instruments and an all India training centre for operational meteorological plans at IMD's existing facility at Pashan are the other projects, he said.A data centre for digitisation of vital records dating back to 100 years, is also being established, he added.\"The IMD will recruit close to 450 scientific assistants over the next one year and has taken up with the ministry, the issue of filling up of 70 vacancies at the officer's level posts through the UPSC,\" he said.Recently, Union minister for earth sciences Ashwani Kumar identified climate services as the next big responsibility awaiting the IMD's attention. The services deal with long-term behaviour, beyond 10-15 days and reaching up to season or year, of climate and its impact on various users of IMD's forecasting services.Decadal and century scale changes are also of interest to the society but only for technology and adaptation issues. Climate data and impact of climate variability on agriculture, water resources, human, animal and plant health etc need to be studied. Tyagi said, \"The CSC, which will be established at a cost of Rs 70-odd crore, will have four major components, viz. 1) climate monitoring, which refers to behaviour of climate vis-a-vis variabilities and climate change; 2) climate diagnostic, which will focus on why a particular behaviour pattern occurs; 3) climate prediction and 4) climate application and user interface.\"Referring to other projects, he said the instruments division is one of the five major divisions of the IMD operating in Pune. \"We want this division to evolve into a major south Asian facility for testing, calibration and certification of meteorological instruments. The process for acquiring modern equipment, including wind tunnel, temperature bars etc., is currently underway and the project is expected to cost another Rs 60 crore,\" he added.The existing training centre at Pashan is in for a major upgradation costing Rs 70 crore with facilities such as new buildings, virtual labs, lecture hall, hostels and new faculty, he said. Besides, the proposed CoE in agri-met will engage in research activity, he added.\"Pune will also get a substantial share of nearly Rs 50 crore from the Rs 220 crore agri-met project that aims at connecting with the service users like agriculture departments at various states across the country,\" he said.ends | Vishwas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11634690", "title": "9th SIM scam arrest", "text": "The ATS, probing a SIM card racket that helped detect the 13/7 blasts case, on Tuesday arrested a 23-year-old vada pav hawker.Shivkumar Hanumanta Mensiru, a Dadar resident, has been remanded in police custody till February 1 He is the ninth person to be arrested in the case. ATS chief Rakesh Maria said: \"When ATS officers picked him up, he was carrying several fake documents. He used to work with Ganesh Tikole, an MTNL agent.\"(This young editor was accompanied by Mateen Hafeez)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634687", "title": "Salankar gets the song, Johar the last three lines", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Vijay Dinanath Chauhan will take his fight for justice with Kancha Cheena to another level in the remake of Agneepath, which releases today, Dharma Productions and Karan Johar, the producer of the film, will continue the legal battle in district court of Nagpur on copyright of a song in the film.A long-drawn legal battle seems to be in offing over song 'O Sayian'. City based civil engineer and musician Aditya Salankar, who had charged that Dharma had used his song in the movie without permission or credit, had secured an order from the court on Monday that the producers of Agneepath should delete the song from the film and music CDs before release.A statement on Wednesday by Karan Johar claimed, \"Our film Agneepath is releasing as scheduled on January 26, 2012, without any additions or deletions. The ex-parte injunction that had been granted by district court, Nagpur, has been vacated. We continue to maintain there is nothing in the film Agneepath which infringes copyright or any other right of any other person.\"Denying this, Sharad Bhattad, lawyer for Salankar told TOI, \"the court has ordered that only the last three lines of the song 'O Saiyan' can be retained and the rest will have to be deleted. The seven defendents in the case namely Dharma Productions, Karan Johar, Karan Malhotra, Amitabh Bhattacharya, Ajay, Atul and Sony Music will have to either separately or collectively deposit Rs 25 lakh in court on or before Monday. Sony Music will also have to submit accounts of the sales of the music CDs of Agneepath so far.\"Expressing his satisfaction over the court order on Wednesday, Salankar said, \"the representatives of the production company were in the court today. The order issued by the court was that the song cannot be screened as part of the film and only last three lines can be used or played in theatres. The court order has even marked the three lines that can be used. I am happy as I have been able to protect my interest. I am ready to see this legal battle to its logical end.\"Salankar said that the last three lines of the song sung by Roop Kumar Rathod, which go as 'Gumshuda the chaand taarey, tune gardishon ki laye badaldi, laut aye aaj saare', are the only ones that would be heard in the film because they were not a part of the original number composed and sung by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634814", "title": "Mob thrashes sozzled Singham", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A strange sight greeted commuters on the Ashram Road near Paldi at 5 pm on Wednesday. A drunk police official stood in the middle of road, brandishing his service revolver, issuing death threats to a group of onlookers.Passersby called the police control room for help but before the cops could rush to the site, mob justice took over. People first overpowered the tipsy cop, thrashed him, overturned his car and then handed him over to city police.The incident took place at 5 pm when a private car was speeding down Ashram Road towards Paldi. The car was being driven by A K Parmar, police sub-inspector of Raopura police station of Vadodara. Parmar rammed a cyclist near Paldi. The passersby pulled up Parmar, who was in his uniform then, for rash driving.When Parmar started arguing with the mob, two cops and a hand-cuffed prisoner who were travelling in the car with him gauged the seriousness of the situation and made a quick, silent exit. The trio boarded an autorickshaw and left the spot in a hurry. Parmar along with the two other cops was escorting a historysheeter Vijay Uttamchandani alias Viju Body back to Vadodara after a court hearing in Ahmedabad. Viju was arrested in an extortion case concerning Khadia traders and was sent to Vadodara central jail.Parmar emerged from his car in a drunken stupor and staggered to the middle of the busy road, brandishing his service revolver. Traffic came to a standstill as Parmar threatened to shoot anybody who dares to come near him.Though the city police control room had been intimated in this regard, a group of youth rushed the drunk cop and overpowered him. Rest of the mob rushed in and overturned the cop's car. Four bottles of foreign liquor that were inside the car were looted by the mob. By this time cops reached the spot and he was handed over to their custody.In Vadodara, too, Parmar had his share of controversies. An inquiry was initiated against Parmar after word started doing rounds that he had fired two rounds from his revolver late in night on January 1. Parmar was accused of firing in air outside Jubileebaug Chowky. However, the inquiry carried out by Raopura police inspector B M Chaudhary and DCP (south) D S Bhatt exonerated him. Parmar, in fact, has earned a reputation for behaving in indisciplined manner when on duty. Sources said that over a dozen inquiries are on against the PSI who was transferred to the city couple of years ago. He was posted in control room for a while before being transferred to Raopura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11635016", "title": "Buried beneath debris, scam raises stink", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is a web of deceit woven over tones of debris, quake victims' anguish and fake documents. Eleven years past the killer earthquake in 2001, as thousands still remain homeless and jobless in Kutch, the long list of corruption cases buried beneath the debris are now raising a stink.In the last one decade, close to 700 people in Kutch, mostly panchayat, taluka and district-level government officials and local leaders have been arrested in several post-quake scams. Suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma is among those arrested.From land grabbing to fraudulently availed loans, close to 3,500 people, including serving MLAs, sarpanches, TDOs and bank officials, are facing inquires.Only this month, Bhuj anti-corruption bureau (ACB) arrested 18 people, including two taluka development officers, Shailesh Manar and Manu Thakkar and others in a debris removal scam case. ACB has registered six different complaints in which 799 people from Bhuj, Bhachau, Anjar and Rapar have been accused of submitting bogus bills of debris removal to siphon off around Rs 14 crore worth of government money. The contracts for debris removal were given to two companies - Kothari Construction and Adarsh Construction.In another scam worth almost Rs 30-crore, CID (Crime) has got 28 files with details of 3,000 loans disbursed to people in quake affected areas in Kutch. Interestingly, the complainant in the case, Jayanti Bhanushali, a local leader then and now a sitting BJP MLA from Abdassa, when contacted denies of filing such complaint.\"For those starting new businesses in quake-affected regions was given an Rs 1 lakh loan of which they had to pay only Rs 40,000 later. We have instances where loans for setting up 70 beauty parlors and 80 computer centers have been given in villages where total 150 families reside,\" said a senior CID crime official.CID is also investigating four others cases including one where IAS officer Sharma along with 15 others are accused of grabbing government land and creating false beneficiaries to claim plots given to quake affected. In one of cases being investigated by CID, where thousands have fraudulently availed plots given to quake-affected people, the complainant Arvind Gadhvi has passed away.However, this apart, Bhuj collectorate and Gujarat Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board's Bhuj office is probing several corruption cases where water pipelines and sewage lines never laid in quake-affected areas have been paid for by the government.\"After the earthquake, Kutch received aide and grants using which ten more Kutchs could have been built. However, Bhuj collectorate still sees people staging dharnas demanding houses and aide to build their house. Several agencies and department are sitting on hundreds of complaints and though arrests have been made, little has been done to sentence the accused,\" said Henry Chacko, RTI activist from Bhuj, on whose complaint inquiry against Sharma was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634853", "title": "Accountant siphons off hospital money", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A complaint of cheating has been lodged against the accountant of a hospital in Naranpura. Owner of the Devasya Hospital in Vadaj, Dr Dinesh Patel, has told the Naranpura police that his accountant Manoj Patel has siphoned off Rs 9 lakh.According to Patel's complaint, the accountant received payments from various patients during November, 2011. Instead of putting the money in the hospital's bank account, Manoj allegedly pocketed the money. According to the doctor, a similar modus operandi was followed by Manoj when money meant to be given to other people, was deposited in his personal account. Naranpura police has now sought bank account statements from the doctor to ascertain his claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11634952", "title": "Navjot survives on writing poems", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Writing poems and singing his compositions are like food for Navjot Tung's survival. Keenly observing everyday life and finding a subject for his poems everywhere, Navjot says nothing seems too mundane or silly to him.Since the state is caught in election fever, his latest poem is a satire on politicians who go door-to-door begging for votes and making tall claims ahead of elections but, disappear from public eye after coming to power. A student of BTech (computer science) and resident of BRS Nagar, Navjot said he has been writing poems for four years and has also won several prizes in college-level competitions.''I wrote my first poem in Class XI and since then have written over 80 poems out of which 50 are on social issues. I write both in Punjabi and Hindi language. People eat food to live and poetry is that food for me...I cannot imagine my life without poems,'' said Navjot, adding that he writes poems on anything he observes.''Once I was travelling from Phagwada and trains were running late and I wrote a poem on that,'' he said. But he finds youngsters very cold to ''sensible poetry'' and said for the sake of his college mates he has also started writing some funny poems. ''Earlier I used to write very serious poetry but when I used to recite it to my friends they could not understand the meaning. So now I recite funny poems too,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634110", "title": "Gadkari, BJP get poll panel notice on Cong plaint", "text": "NAGPUR: The State Election Commission has issued show cause notices to Bharatiya Janata Party national president Nitin Gadkari and BJP state and city units on a complaint filed by the city unit of Congress. It has asked them to explain their side in three days.The city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta had complained to SEC on January 11 about huge advertisements published in local newspapers by the BJP on January 4, a day after the model code of conduct for NMC elections came into effect. The advertisement prominently carried pictures of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Union urban development minister Kamal Nath along with top BJP leaders from Gadkari to mayor Archana Dehankar. It also carried 'lotus', the BJP election symbol, and claimed that Chavan and Nath had endorsed the success of the 24x7 water supply scheme implemented by the BJP-ruled NMC under the JNNURM project.The Congress took strong objection to the advertisement saying it unfairly influenced the voters and was a misuse of official machinery by the BJP. At a public function held to inaugurate a treatment plant at Kanhan on December 10, Nath had lavished praise on the 24x7 water supply scheme. On another occasion, Chavan had said the scheme was worth emulating in other cities.While contending that pictures of Congress leaders were used without permission, Congress claimed that the 24x7 had resulted in loss of public money and advertisement was a misrepresentation of facts. The petition sought freezing of the BJP election symbol in the NMC polls as the party had deliberately violated the code of conduct.Party MLA Devendra Fadnavis clarified that the notice did not mention anything about freezing the symbol at all but was only about the advertisement being issued with code of conduct in force. A BJP spokesman said Gadkari's counsel VR Manohar was likely to appear before SEC on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634809", "title": "Feel free to have sex after heart attack, study says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried about having sex after a heart attack? There is good news.The American Heart Association's latest guidelines say if you are healthy enough to walk up a few steps exhaustion, you're fit enough to have sex.The guidelines say sexual activity with a person's usual partner is comparable to mild to moderate physical activity in the range of three to four metabolic equivalents (METS), or the equivalent of climbing two flights of stairs or walking briskly for a short duration.In such cases, heart rate rarely exceeds 130 bpm and systolic blood pressure rarely exceeds 170 mm Hg.Research published in the journal Circulation says those with stable symptoms generally have a low risk of adverse cardiovascular events with sexual activity.However, it advises that patients with serious heart ailments to get a medical check up done before deciding to have sex.\"Sexual activity is reasonable for patients who can exercise for more than three to five METS without angina, excessive dyspnea, ischemic, cyanosis, hypotension or arrhythmia,\" it says.Interestingly, an analysis of 5,559 instances of sudden death found that 34 (0.6%) reportedly occurred during sexual intercourse. However of the subjects who died during coitus, 82% to 93% were men, and the majority (75%) was having extramarital sexual activity, in most cases with a younger partner and/or after excessive food and alcohol consumption.Dr Aashish Contractor, who heads preventive cardiology at The Asian Heart Institute (Mumbai), said, \"The study clearly shows that fears of having sex after a heart attack is unfounded. Within a few days of angioplasty and around six-eight weeks of a bypass surgery, if you feel stable, having sex is perfectly alright.\"Dr Praveen Chandra, chairman of interventional cardiology at Medanta Medicity, said, \"Patients and his families think that having sex after heart attack or heart surgeries can have serious repercussions. However it is safe to have sex if the patient's heart condition is stable. If they want to take tablets like viagra, they shouldn't be heart medicines like nitrates as it can lower blood pressure.\"AHA recommends that women with cardiovascular diseases (CVD) should be counseled regarding the safety and advisability of contraceptive methods and pregnancy. \"It is reasonable that patients with CVD wishing to initiate or resume sexual activity be evaluated with a thorough medical history and physical examination. Sexual activity is reasonable for patients with CVD who are evaluated to be at low risk of cardiovascular complications. Exercise stress testing is recommended to assess exercise capacity and development of symptoms, ischemia or arrhythmias. Patients with unstable, decompensated, and/or severe symptomatic CVD should defer sexual activity until their condition is stabilized,\" the recommendations say.Although sexual activity is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events, the absolute rate of events is miniscule because exposure to sexual activity is of short duration and constitutes a very small percentage of the total time at risk for myocardial ischemia (MI) or a painful heart condition caused by lack of blood flow to the heart. Sexual activity is the cause of less than 1% of all acute MIs.Angina or heart pain that occurs during the minutes or hours after sexual activity, which represents less than 5% of all anginal attacks. It is rare in patients who do not have angina during strenuous physical exertion and more prevalent in sedentary individuals with severe coronary artery disease (CAD), who experience angina with minimal physical activity.If a patient can achieve an energy expenditure of three to five METs without demonstrating ischemia during exercise testing, the risk for ischemia during sexual activity is low.AHA recommends \"Sexual activity is reasonable for patients with no or mild angina, It is also reasonable 1 or more weeks after uncomplicated MI if the patient is without cardiac symptoms during mild to moderate physical activity. Sexual activity is reasonable for patients who have undergone open heart surgery and may be resumed six to eight weeks after the procedure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11634983", "title": "Shooting star wins two more golds", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Malaika Goel of Civil Lines has once again proven that she is a shooting star by winning two gold medals at the 7th Maharaja Dr Karni Singh Memorial Shooting Championship that was held in Jaipur recently. Malaika won the medals in both junior and senior categories for 10-metre air pistol competition.''Clinching two medals for the state in the national meet was a great feeling because the other participating shooters were also very talented. I used to practice at the air pistol shooting range in SCD Government College under the supervision of coach Gurjeet Singh,'' she said.Malaika, 14, has won many medals at state and national level shooting competition. In 2011, she had won gold in 57th school national shooting competition held in Pune, Maharashtra.A gold in open national level shooting competition in Pune and also a gold and silver for a team event in junior open national level shooting competition.Malaika said she had also won gold medal in senior Punjab state shooting competition in 10-metre air pistol and gold in state school competition in 10-metre air pistol in 2011 and she hopes to perform well this year too. ''Shooting fascinates me and I want to make it my career,\" she said.A student of Class IX in Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar, Malaika said if Ludhiana has proper infrastructure, more people would perform better.Delighted with his trainee's performance, her coach Gurjeet Singh said, ''If Malaika continues to work hard she will surely represent the country around the globe.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633884", "title": "Air India Express pilot defies ATC for take-off, puts flyers at risk", "text": "MUMBAI: In the span of about 30 seconds, an Air India Express aircraft with about 90 passengers on board created a double scare at Singapore's Changi airport on Monday.First, its pilot did not wait for the vital take-off clearance from the air traffic controller concerned. As the Boeing 737-800 aircraft sped along the runway for a take-off, the alarmed air traffic control officials hauled up the pilots and ordered them to stop. The jet had reached the critical speed of 260 kmph and was seconds away from lifting off the runway when the pilot pulled the throttle back to abort the take-off.It was a highly controversial move, fraught with risk, as take-offs cannot be aborted at such high speeds without putting the aircraft and its occupants at risk. It did not end badly though, as the pilots could bring the aircraft to a halt before it reached the runway end. Had it been a short runway or a wet one, the aircraft could have gone off the runway. The airline has grounded both the pilots and an investigation is on. An Air India Express spokesperson confirmed the incident. The matter has once again raised questions about the training standards in Air India Express. The airline was lambasted by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation in a recent audit for its poor training practices.\"A Boeing 777 aircraft had just departed from runway 02 C and so take-off clearance to the next aircraft would have been given only after a span of two minutes,\" said a source. But the Air India Express pilots, operating the Singapore-Trichy flight IX-681, for reasons not yet known, decided to take off from the said runway before obtaining the mandatory go-ahead from the air traffic controller. \"A Boeing 737 aircraft takes about 30 seconds to go from zero to lift-off speed, which would have been about 276 kmph, in this case,\" said a source. The take-off roll, though only 25-30 seconds long, is a critical stage of flight and so the flight crew operation manual-one of the books carried by pilots on board, which lists the dos and don'ts for safe flying-- lays down clear and strict guidelines for the actions that can or cannot be taken at different stages of take-off.The rules for \"Rejected Take-off\" in the Boeing 737 manual say that a take-off can be rejected after the aircraft has crossed 80 knots (148 kmph) but before reaching what's called a \"V1 speed\" in aviation parlance, only in case of a fire, an engine failure, weather warning or if the aircraft is unsafe or unable to fly. V1 or \"take-off decision speed\" is the speed at or before which the pilot should decided whether to continue with the take-off or not. Once the aircraft has crossed V1, the pilot should continue with the take-off, no matter how serious the emergency, as an attempt to stop the aircraft would result in the aircraft going off the runway.\"The Air India Express Boeing 737 aircraft was critically close, about a second away from reaching V1 speed when the pilot decided to reject the take-off. It crossed the V1 speed even as the pilot pulled back the throttle,\" said the source.Then the speed went down as the automatic speed brakes were deployed and the aircraft came to a halt. V1 speed is sacrosanct in flying. It is calculated using inputs like weight of the aircraft, condition of the runway, elevation of airport, temperature etc. When a pilot begins a take-off, he/she has one hand on the flying control and the other on the throttle. This is done so that the throttle can be pulled back and the take-off rejected, if say, there is an engine failure or fire warning etc.\"About 5-6 knots before the aircraft reaches V1 speed, the other pilot in the cockpit calls out V1. At this point, the pilot flying the aircraft is supposed to take his hand off the throttle,\" said a source. This is done to ensure that the throttle is not pulled back and take-off is not rejected once the aircraft crosses V1 speed.The Boeing 737 NG Flight Crew Training Manual says that rejecting a takeoff near \"V1 has often resulted in the airplane stopping beyond the end of the runway\". The finer details will be known only after information from the Digital Flight Data Recorder and Cockpit Voice Recorded is studied. Among critical questions are when did the ATC ask the pilots to reject the take-off and how many seconds elapsed before they decided to do so? Why did the pilots decided to do the high-speed reject when they knew the aircraft was very close or almost at V1 speed? Both pilots were from Air India, deputed on Air India Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633939", "title": "Unsold flats stock rises to 112m sq ft", "text": "MUMBAI: Sales may have dropped by almost 30% over the past one year but, with developers continuing to quote high prices, the number of new homes waiting to be sold has gradually increased.According to Liases Foras, a real estate rating and research agency, home sales in the Mumbai metropolitan region fell by 17% to 112 million square feet since the quarter ended December 2011.The timeframe of unsold inventory, measured in terms of the number of months it has gone unsold, has climbed to 44 months. A healthy market typically has eight months of unsold inventory.\"Unsold stock climbed to 112 million sq ft while the weighted average price of homes increased to a record Rs 10,559 per sq ft. Despite the drop in sales, prices have increased by 5% during the past quarter,'' said Pankaj Kapoor, founder of the agency. Unsold stock represents unsold units of projects (launched, under-construction and ready flats) being marketed. Yet, there has been no fall in prices.\"When was the last you heard of a crash in real estate prices in Mumbai?'' asked an investment manager at a corporate house. \"A small dip in prices leads to a surge in demand for flats and the demand is constant in Mumbai. Realty developers further control supply by keeping a higher inventory or simply not developing projects at the same time. They have a perfect understanding among them.\"Most developers are not in any mood to cut prices citing rising cost of construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635340", "title": "City lawyers to extend their protest to the state", "text": "JAIPUR: Lawyers' associations from the city have decided on Wednesday to spread their ongoing protest against the government by ensuring boycott of judicial work in courts all over Rajasthan.In a significant development today, Bar Council of Rajasthan's chairman Inder Raj Saini and its members extended support to the 13-day-long protest in their individual capacities. \"As members of our respective Bar Associations, the Bar Council members and I are now with our fellow advocates in the protest against the government,\" Saini told TOI.The chairman clarified that the Bar Council, which is a statutory body of the lawyers, \"was not and cannot be\" in support of the boycott of judicial work.At the same time, the Council members participated in the regional mahapanchayat of the All Rajasthan Advocates Sangharsh Samiti held at the district and sessions court premises in Jaipur and resolved that they would use their clout in persuading the advocates across the state to join the protest. So far the protest has remained confined to the Jaipur city.Since January 11 the city lawyers have been protesting to demand justice for the family of one of their colleagues who ended his life allegedly due to harassment by the local police. Murlidhar Yadav, a 32-year-old advocate who practiced law at the district and sessions, Jaipur, committed suicide by jumping in a dry well at his village near Samod on January 11.Yadav was facing criminal charges like attempt to murder over a property dispute and was arrested by the city police twice in October last year. He was released on bail within a few days. The city's four Bar associations, which allege that harassment by the police drove Yadav to commit suicide, have since been striking work across to demand arrest of the accused policemen and a compensation of Rs 50 lakh, along with a government job, for the kin of the deceased.\"The state government should also withdraw the criminal cases against the advocates registered during the protest,\" Rakesh Sharma , general secretary of the lawyers' Sangharsh Samiti, told TOI on Wednesday. He added the protest would go on until the state government fulfilled their demands. \"We will submit a memorandum to the district collector on January 27 and the next day the advocates shall gherao the legislators, parliamentarians and ministers in their respective constituencies to press for our demands,\" said Sharma.At the high court directions, the central bureau of investigation (CBI), meanwhile, is probing into the causes that led to the death of advocate Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11628421", "title": "Kapoor sisters' weightloss tamasha!", "text": "These sisters share it all - hot gossip, juicy scoops, hunky co-stars and more... Karisma and Kareena get together and talk exclusively to zoOm about staying hot, healthy and fit for the race. Read on...'Size zero' set the bar high as far as fitness is concerned... Kareena: I've always followed a strict regime of 'eating right'. I was healthy when I was size zero and I'm healthy in my more rounded body-type. Karisma has taken over the 'size zero' tag. Karisma: It's not a 'phenomenon', it's all about eating right, and staying fit, irrespective of size. I run around my kids all day long. That's my workout.How do you curb the temptation? Kareena: Karisma and I are competitive with our diets. She follows it to the T and I don't. Karisma: I've my good days, and I've my bad days. But I'm honest and I make up for the lost time and gained calories!So at least we see sibling rivalry... Kareena: We just compare our diet charts and stuff like that... Karisma: Well, we also scold our dietician if one of us has a better deal that week. We're always seeing who's gotten the better menu.Have you ever thought about coming out with yoga DVDs? Karisma: No, we've never really discussed it. One needs a lot of time and concentration to do something like that. Kareena: It's not only time and concentration. You need the kind of training and knowledge. I can't take the responsibility. If someone watches me, follows my steps and does it wrong, they might end up hurt.Actresses are suddenly so conscious about sizes and shapes! Kareena: Yeah, I think the whole so-called 'size zero' phenomenon set the ball rolling, earlier actresses weren't as conscious... Karisma: In my days, boys were the ones with the ripped muscles and toned bodies. Women got away with it.Talking of men, you've romanced the same heroes onscreen... Kareena: It's my honour to be working with Karisma's co-stars. Salman and Akshay have seen me in pigtails and uniform. Even they were apprehensive about romancing me onscreen. They would be like... Arre iske saath kya romance karna, yeh to bachchi hai! Karisma: We've been extremely lucky to be around for so long, to be in the limelight, and 'fit in' perfectly... Kareena: And of, course, we're a little talented, too. Ha, ha, ha...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634417", "title": "Rs 7.5cr antique idol seized, 2 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: An antique idol of Lord Mahavira moulded from eight different metals (astadhatu) has been seized. The idol dating back to 14th century AD is estimated to be around Rs 8 crore in the international market.This comes just days after the south district police recovered two idols of Lord Krishna worth crores from antique thieves. Police have now launched a probe to ascertain if smugglers were using the capital to strike deals after stealing idols from across temples in north India.Investigations reveal that the idol-21.5cm high and 16.5cm wide-was stolen from Rajasthan. Touted as the \"miracle idol\", it was supposed to bring in a huge sum.Two persons, cab driver Shivtaj Singh, 54 and Sanjay Kumar , 31, have been arrested, the police said.But the two main accused - Maulvi Mohammad Saheed and Manoj - are on the run, they said. \"We have written to the Archaeological Survey of India, CBI's antiquity cell, the Rajasthan culture department and National Crime Records Bureau to trace the area from where the Mahavira idol was stolen,\" said joint CP (crime) Sandeep Goel.Investigations reveal the idol is made of precious metals. \"When placed before a candle, droplets trickle from the idol's forehead in winter. The thieves would claim it was a miracle idol and demand a mindboggling price. We are counting on ASI to provide us with details of the elements used to carve the statue,\" said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.Sources said the police received a tip-off that two persons will try to sell an antique idol of Lord Mahavira in front of popular malls in south Delhi.This information was probed by constable Rajesh and the accused were nabbed from the CTC Mall at Maharani Bagh, the police said.ACP Udaiveer Rathi said a deal was struck for Rs 7.5 crore when the police arrested Shivtaj and Sanjay. A bag was recovered from Sanjay's possession. A case under the AAT Act, and 411 IPC was registered.Shivtaj told the police he is a cab driver in Delhi. About six months ago, he went to Palwal in search of a hakim on the suggestion of his relatives to get his daughter treated. His meetings over the next few days with hakim Maulvi Mohammad Saheed resulted in friendly ties.Saheed told him he had stolen an antique idol from Rajasthan and wanted to sell it at a high price. But he was unable to do so because he could not find a suitable buyer, who would pay him the price he had tagged to it.\"He told Shivtaj that being a taxi driver and having good contacts with tourists, he can arrange for a suitable buyer. He then asked him to sell the idol at an exorbitant price through his network and promised him a 50% commission. Saheed also asked for a token amount from him before handing over the idol.\"Shivtaj agreed but he did not possess the money demanded by him. His friends, Manoj and Sanjay, offered to help,'' said Bhatia.The three arranged Rs1.80 lakh and got the idol from Saheed. They struck a deal with a prospective client to sell it for Rs7.5 crore. The deal was to materialize on January 19 at Maharani Bagh but both were nabbed before their plans could take off. The police said a hunt for Saheed is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635582", "title": "Glory for young braveheart", "text": "LUCKNOW: When 10-year-old Om Prakash, a resident of Azamgarh, set out for school on September 4, 2010, little did he know what lay in store for him. The school van had driven a few kilometres when the driver stopped to pick two more students. Suddenly, the van, with nine students including Om inside it, caught fire. Instead of helping the kids come out of the van, the driver opened the door and fled. But Om Prakash broke open the door and started pulling others out without caring much about the flames that had spread to his face, ears and arms. He managed to save eight children, the act for which he would receive Sanjay Chopra Bravery award from PM Manmohan Singh on January 26 in Delhi.With his right arm stuck to his chest and his face and ear badly burned, Om Prakash Yadav, now 12, is ready to put his life in danger again if he is caught in a similar situation. \"He was immediately taken to the Zila hospital along with the others but the doctors referred him to Laxmi Medical Care in Varanasi. He was kept in the ICU for 18 days,\" recalls his father Lal Bahadur Yadav. Om Prakash is his only son. He has three daughters.A farmer, Lal Bahadur Yadav has spent a huge sum on his son's treatment. \"I have met the prime minister and he assured me that my son would get treatment through the PM quota,\" said Lal Bahadur.Om Prakash is in the seventh standard and has a keen interest in mathematics and English. However, when asked if he had thought what he wanted to do in future, he's unclear. \"Om is a very bright student but right now I am only concerned about his health and the adequate amount of treatment that he should get,\" said a worried Lal Bahadur.Right know he is having this mixed feeling of extreme elation and pain. While his joy knows no bound as his son has got the top bravery award, he can also feel the pain Om Prakash is going through. \"My son is very brave and the whole village has acknowledged that. His friends look up to him as a role model.\"\"I am very proud of my son and it is because of his selfless and heroic act that I got the privilege to visit Delhi. I had not known the world outside my village,\" said Lal Bahadur. He wants everyone to brave such difficulties in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634883", "title": "Sanand death: protest over police inaction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The death of a 27-year-old youth in Sanand led to a day-long protest as villagers alleged police inaction in the case. Atul Rathod, a rickshaw driver, was killed in a clash between two groups late on Tuesday evening at Rethal village in Sanand.On Wednesday morning, people from several villages gathered at Sanand police station with Atul's body and refused to leave until action is taken against the accused.The incident led senior Ahmedabad district police officials to rush to Sanand. However, all attempts to pacify Atul's family members failed. And, the rickshaw driver's body was lying inside the station till late Wednesday evening.Villagers told police that Atul had become a victim of fight between two communities after an atrocity complaint was filed by Atul's community against another at the Rethal village.On Tuesday evening, three youths - Yuvraj, Bharat and Jabbar - cornered Manubhai Rathod who was a witness in the atrocity case. At that time, Atul was passing by in his rickshaw and seeing Manu in trouble came to his rescue.The matter turned worse and soon the three youths started attacking Atul and Manu with sticks. Both were seriously injured and villagers called ambulance.However, villagers told police that the three youths along with others stopped the ambulance at the village entrance stating that it was a hoax call. Atul was then taken in a private car to Sanand government hospital where he was declared brought dead.Sanand police has lodged a murder complaint against the three youths. But the villagers refused to leave the police station stating the accused should be brought to justice and they should be given with security.\"The incident could have been averted if police had acted when the atrocity complaint was filed on December 28. Since that day the aggrieved community members are not able to feed their cattle... since they have to cross farms of the other community members to go to the grassland. But they are scared due to lack of support from police,\" said Gujarat high court lawyer Jayesh Bairavia, who was at Sanand police station in support of Atul's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635202", "title": "It pays a lot to take extra lessons", "text": "CHENNAI: When his daughter appeared for the class 12 examinations three years ago, Suresh Kumar spent nearly Rs 24,000 a month to coach her in three subjects. Her yearly school fee was only Rs 28,000. Cost of coaching continues to rise with parents sometimes shelling out more than school fees in pursuit of high marks.Tuitions for physics, chemistry, mathematics and accounting are in demand, says A S Arul, director of Arul's coaching centre. Classes are conducted twice or thrice a week. \"There are a few reputed teachers who charge up to Rs 15,000 for subject a year and conduct classes in groups of five students,\" says Lata Narasimhan (name changed), the mother of a Class IX student who goes for math tuition. \"Earlier, he went to a teacher who charged Rs 3,000 a month for a subject when his monthly school fee is around Rs 3,500,\" says Narasimhan. Students opt for extra tuition as schools are not able to devote much time as coaching classes do. \"Tuition centres start their classes almost three months ahead of schools and the training is intensive. So they are able to devote time to each topic,\" says Sindhuja Dakshinamurthy, a class XII student, who takes coaching in three subjects and pays Rs 9,000 a year to study in a class with 150 other people.Her parents do not mind paying the fees as they feel that it will help her get high marks. \"The institute has promised to return the fees if she manages to score more than 90%,\" says Manonmani, Sindhuja's mother.Sindhuja is confident of doing well in the exams and says that the extra coaching helps in managing her time and she gets guides and notes from the centre. \"We teach them to strategically work through the syllabus to get high marks,\" says Arul.Many students join coaching classes after they fail to perform well in the half-yearly examinations. \"When their children do badly in school exams, parents have no choice but to pay through their nose for extra coaching,\" says Suresh Kumar. \"Parents are ready to spend any amount of money as doing well academically has become important,\" says Shubham Vats, director of Achiever Learning Company, a coaching institution in Adyar. \"Also, parents don't have time to coach their children,\" he says. At his 16-year-old institute, students pay up to Rs 10,000 a month for getting a personal tutor to come home to teach a subject. The institute also organises group classes in schools where students pay Rs 6,000 per subject a year to study in classes with 50 other students.However, high costs need not always mean better quality. \"My son used to go to a teacher who taught a small group of students in her house. She used to charge Rs 700 a month but my son still did well,\" says Narasimhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11633559", "title": "Locals thwart robbery on highway", "text": "MALDA: Locals caught hold of a man trying to loot steel rods on National Highway 34 on Tuesday night. Rods worth Rs 20 lakh were being carried in a lorry which was headed to Siliguri. This is the second such incident in last six months and has created panic among transport merchants.The lorry, coming from Durgapur, was being chased by a sports utility vehicle (SUV). As it reached near Kaliachak, the SUV overtook the lorry and halted it. Three persons with firearms then allegedly threatened the driver Munna with dire consequences if he didn't handover the goods to them.Munna punched one of them and the revolver fell from the assailant's hands. Meanwhile, the driver yelled to gather villagers who rushed to help and caught one of them. The other two, however, managed to escape.Later, police from Kaliachak police station reached the spot and took the miscreant into custody. Notably, about six months back one lorry loaded with ingot was looted from near Gazole and later recovered from Nagaland, as learnt from sources.The transport merchants have claimed that repetition of such crimes had generated a sense of insecurity in them. A transport merchant Pranab Roy said: \"If this kind of crime is repeated frequently, we have to think otherwise.\" Roy said: \"Apart from goons, police have also been harassing the lorry drivers unnecessarily despite furnishing valid documents.\"However, the police administrations claimed the credit for thwarting similar incidents in recent past.The superintendent of police Jayanta Pal, however, claimed: \"It was the efficacy of police that prevented yesterday's crime.\" \"Police have been patrolling regularly. Surprise raids are also being conducted. Recently we have tightened the security further,\" Pal added. However, he rubbished the allegations of harassing the lorry drivers saying: \"We've to check the documents to prevent crimes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634664", "title": "The pre-poll march of the EC's foot soldiers", "text": "PANAJI: You can liken them to a reserve force of sorts.Called upon to perform vital duties as assembly elections approach, Booth Level Officers or BLOs as they are referred to, have been silently and tirelessly working since August 2011 to assist the state election commission.While the designation existed in past elections too, the responsibilities the EC's 'foot soldiers' have been entrusted this time around are more.Apart from enrolling new voters, verifying existing voters, reviewing electoral rolls for deletion of deceased voters or those who have permanently shifted residence, BLOs may also be tasked with giving citizens the voter slips 10-15 days prior to the polls. This was previously done by political candidates. TOI spoke to some BLOs to understand what their work entails and the hardships it brings along. Being government employees, the BLOs requested anonymity.\"We have to go door-to-door and verify whether the voters on the electoral rolls actually reside at the address provided,\" said a BLO who otherwise works in the education department.\"We have to also enroll persons who have completed 18 years of age and encourage them to vote,\" he adds.A BLO from the panchayats department said, \"We have to help new and existing voters make an Election Photo Identity Card (EPIC) by filling out the necessary form and delivering the card to them.\" The gruelling mammoth pre-poll exercise is not without its share of woes for the BLOs.A BLO covering the urban area of Panaji told TOI that encountering locked apartments was one disappointing difficulty. The situation inevitably results in the BLO having to make multiple visits to the same apartment, often on higher floors.\"Sometimes, the maids present at the houses refuse to sign (the verification form). This means an additional trip. Old women at least provide a thumb impression,\" said the BLO.He added, \"As people are working during the day, we have to go late evenings, sometimes even at 8-9pm, to people's houses to conduct the verification process.\" Another hurdle is uncooperative people.\"People get irritated that after census and Aadhaar workers, BLOs are now coming to their homes,\" said a first-time BLO also from the education department. \"They do not realize that we are actually performing our duty and are also doing them a service,\" he added.One positive that the BLOs take solace in is that they have generally been assigned areas they reside in. On an average, each BLO covers around 750-800 voters, down from 1,500 earlier.Trained in the nuances of filling the necessary forms, BLOs are also provided assistance by election commission officials when required.Initially, BLOs were to perform election-related duties only on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays. But with elections approaching, Mondays have also been included.Though they have been issued full-time relieving orders for these days, BLOs are occasionally called by their respective departments for urgent work.Sources said BLOs are to receive a remuneration of 3,000 for a year's service (as mentioned in 'Handbook for BLOs' by ECI, 2011). Most BLOs have now completed their duties and are likely to rejoin their departments next week. They may be called again for assistance when the need arises, said sources.Recently some BLOs were accused of campaigning for candidates. John Nazareth, general secretary of the Goa Government Employees' Association strongly rubbished the allegations saying, \"Political parties and disgruntled elements are settling old scores through these accusations.\" \"The authorities should at least conduct a preliminary inquiry before issuing unwarranted showcause notices and demoralizing the employees. If there is substantial evidence against them, we don't mind if action is taken,\" he added.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11633441", "title": "Four bank robbers lynched", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Villagers lynched four dacoits, who broke into Vananchal Gramin Bank at Dangwara in Hussainabad subdivision of Palamu district on Wednesday.Palamu SP A T Mathew said, \"Five armed criminals barged into the bank and looted Rs 50,000 from the counter before fleeing when the villagers intercepted them. The robbers opened fire in which one person was injured. This agitated the villagers. The mob nabbed four of the five robbers and thrashed them up so badly that all of them died on the spot. One criminal received gunshot injuries which could be due to the firing by another criminal.\" The fifth one, however, managed to escape.Police, however, could recover Rs 5,000 from the dacoits, Mathew said. \"There are two possibilities. Either the dacoit, who escaped, had the rest of the cash with him or in this melee someone snatched the money.\"An FIR has been lodged against unidentified people. The gang belongs to Paton Tarhassi village, said Mathew and is suspected to be behind the robbery at Kundri, where over Rs 7 lakh were looted a few weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jeddah", "code": "11640911", "title": "Vast Indian community behind flourishing Indo-Saudi relations", "text": "JEDDAH: The Indian consulate general in Jeddah, Faiz Ahmad Kidwai, believes that the presence of over 2 million Indians in Saudi Arabia has given an important dimension to the Indo-Saudi relationship.Addressing the Indian diaspora on the occasion of India's 63rd Republic Day, he said that the dedication, commitment and handwork shown by the Indian community are seen as instrumental in nourishing the Indo-Saudi relations. He also asked his people to continue on the same path providing more values to the hearty relations between the two nations.Kidwai said that King Abdullah's historic visit to India in 2006, and the reciprocal visit by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Saudi in 2010, heralded a new era in the Indo-Saudi relations with strong co-operation in security, economy, defence and political areas.Underscoring the growing co-operation between the two countries in education and culture, Kidwai said that memorandum of understanding for joint research programs were signed between the Indian and Saudi Arabian universities.Agreements have also been signed between King Abdul Aziz Foundation for Research and Archives and India-Arab Cultural Centre of Jamia Millia Islamia to translate important Arabic books on history and culture of the Kingdom into the Indian languages.India has now become the fourth largest trade partner of Saudi Arabia. The trade between India and Saudi Arabia has surged from US$ 15,946.10 million in 2006-07 to US$ 25,612.46 million in 2010-11, while the exports to Saudi Arabia have increased from US$ 2590.77 million in 2006-07 to US$5,227.19 million in 2010-11.Ahmed pointed out that there are further opportunities for Indian companies in almost all sectors of Saudi Arabia economy, especially, in information technology, biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, oil &amp; gas, construction activities and higher and technical education.The Indian consulate general, who is also head of the Indian Haj Mission, congratulated the King Abdullah's government that has left no stone unturned to provide the best possible facilities to the millions of Haj pilgrims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11629569", "title": "Agneepath: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Karan Malhotra Cast: Hrithik Roshan, Sanjay Dutt, Rishi KapoorAmongst the first recall values for the original Agneepath is Amitabh Bachchan's trademark self-introduction dialogue of Vijay Dinanath Chauhan. While evaluating its official remake, the first thing that crosses your mind is how the reinterpretation of this signature scene would be. Unlike in the original, the monologue plays pretty late in the remake, whereby it establishes Vijay's identity over merely introducing him and with such individuality and elegance that it pays a perfect homage to the original, while at the same time not blatantly imitating it. That is how a remake is supposed to be! Retaining the spirit of the original and having a soul of its own. This dialogue kinda summarizes the overall aura of the remake.The basic backdrop remains the same. Kancha Cheena (Sanjay Dutt) is the uncrowned king of Mandwa Island and terminates the rebellious village schoolmaster. The master's son swears revenge and grows up to be Vijay Dinanath Chauhan (Hrithik Roshan) under the wings of Rauf Lala (Rishi Kapoor). Lala who trades in human and drug trafficking, rules the Mumbai underbelly. Vijay uses Lala to reach Kancha and thereby reclaim his island and self-esteem.While the primary plotline remains the same as Mukul Anand's classic, director Karan Malhotra along with co-writer Ila Bedi Datta refreshingly revamps the screenplay giving it a new structure and approach. So you never miss the omission of Mithun Chakravarthy's award-winning Krishnan Iyer from the original and welcome the induction of Rishi Kapoor's foul-mouthed and despicable kasai character. If at all the film falls into predictable zone, it's not because you are familiar with the original but because at the core of it, the story remains a basic revenge drama. The film employs the age-old conflict of a reformist school-teacher versus the conniving zamindar, duping the villagers of their lands.The remake isn't essentially remodeled to modern times because the film retains its original era thereby reviving the raw essence of the 1990 film. And beyond the epoch, Malhotra also imparts the cinematic treatment of that time period to his film. So both the villain and hero have stylized entries, their confrontations boast of high-voltage drama and, in the climax, when the bruised and battered protagonist rises to take revenge (in exactly the same manner like his father was killed), he wins instant applause. Also the idea of Vijay concealing his identity from his teenaged sister is so intrinsic of the era (a la Anil Kapoor's Jeevan Ek Sanghursh ).Where the new Agneepath raises the bar is by casting Sanjay Dutt as the baddie. In his black-attire and bald-look, Dutt has such solid screen-presence that the director makes things difficult for himself with a challenge of how would Hrithik's hero overpower the villain. Thereby the film employs some extreme action, which is more brutal than boisterous, to justify Kancha's imposing persona and the subsequent seethe in Vijay's revenge. Thankfully, what puts Agneepath a notch above the recent mindless actioners is that it has a basic human connect which it reasonably balances with the extreme action and never blatantly exploits any emotion.Piyush Mishra's dialogues are impressive with rhetoric punches every now and then. And even when the lines go unrefined for Rishi Kapoor's crude character, it leaves immense impact without crossing the familial domain. Cinematography by Ravi K Chandran and Kiran Deohans is remarkable. Akiv Ali's editing is accomplished and despite the film having a three-hour runtime, you never lose the narrative for a moment. The only slacker is the obligatory romance track (Priyanka Chopra) but thankfully even that is kept short. Ajay-Atul's music and esp. the background score are effective. Abbas Ali Moghul's action is raw and unrestrained.Beyond his hold on the subject, Karan Malhotra succeeds in extracting inspiring performances from the impressive cast. The usually suave Hrithik Roshan convincingly glides into his coarse character here and has a towering presence. He completely redefines Vijay Dinanath Chauhan and never in his act do you see even a glimpse of the original. Sanjay Dutt reeks of menace and malice through his sadistic laughs. At times he overdoes his guffaws but therein lays his strength, which he uses to the hilt. Rishi Kapoor has never looked or played so mean onscreen before. As the kohl-eyed Rauf Lala, the affable actor reinvents his screen image with a beastly streak to his character. So good is the actor that you never get enough of him. Arish Bhiwandiwala as the young Vijay Chauhan puts in a confident act. Priyanka Chopra , Zarina and Om Puri are functional.With Bollywood being obsessed with remakes in recent times, Agneepath is an important lesson on how to pay proper tribute to the original. Despite the original being his home production, Karan Johar attempts playing with fire (treading uncharted territory) with Agneepath and emerges victorious. Agneepath has the fire for a lustrous entertainer!Verdict: Better than Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11635427", "title": "China opens fire on Tibet protesters", "text": "BEIJING: Police shot dead a protester as the unrest caused by repeated self-immolations by monks spread to more areas in China's Sichuan province .The death on Tuesday follows that of another person in police firing in a Tibetan dominated area of Sichuan last Monday.The official media said the police was forced to open fire after an unruly mob attacked the Chengguan police station. It said 14 policemen were injured in attacks. The unrest was provoked by rumours that three more monks were going to set themselves ablaze to demand Tibetan independence.The incident has put China under severe pressure with US saying it was \"seriously concerned\" about the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635405", "title": "Solar plants likely to be part of state housing projects", "text": "JAIPUR: The urban development and housing department (UDH) may introduce the provision of electricity generation by installing solar panels in housing projects under the proposed section of 90A of the Land Revenue Act.In a step that will reduce frequent power cuts in the city, the UDH is mulling over installation of miniature solar plants in housing societies and apartments.\"We will try to accommodate the solar plants in housing projects and if needed will make certain changes in the building bylaws too. The decision will be taken after consultation with Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation (RREC) to provide subsidy in installation of panels. The modus operandi needs to be worked out and once it is finalized we will make the formal announcement\" said a senior UDH official.As per the provisions, each household or society that will generate solar electricity will be able to use it for personal consumption. The excess units generated will be bought by the discoms and transferred into the grid. In case of more consumption, the households will be charged accordingly.To promote such initiatives at the state level, Ministry of new &amp; renewable energy (MNRE) is also in the process of finalizing the guidelines for setting up of solar panels and purchasing of generated electricity through these panels in individual houses and apartments.\"Till few months back the project envisaged by the UDH was not feasible, but after MNRE drafted rules for net metering and procedure for purchasing excess generated electricity, the project seems possible,\" said M M Vijayvergia, director (technical), RREC.To give a push to the UDH proposal, the Centre is providing 30 percent subsidy in installing solar panels. Currently, the capital cost comes around Rs 2 lakh per kilo watt. However, experts believe that with more use of solar energy in the country and manufacturing of equipment, the cost can come down to Rs 1 lakh per kilo watt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635308", "title": "\u2018Pay for PG seat, entrance exam is just a formality\u2019", "text": "Postgraduate seats in some private dental colleges in Tamil Nadu are sold for as much as Rs 35 lakh, making a mockery of merit, a Times Now investigation has revealed. On Monday, the channel telecast videos showing faculty members of two colleges demanding a capitation fee and admitting that entrance exams are just \"formalities\".Chennai-based Ragas Dental College principal Dr S Ramachandra was caught on spy camera saying a seat costs Rs 35 lakh. Ramachandra: \"There is only one seat, even that is under negotiation. If you want to clinch the deal, you can do it at the earliest. The seat costs 35 lakh, but if she's a good student, we'll reduce it to 32.... You have to pay the money, we have got a register, we'll enter in it. Only me and the vice-principal will know. It's all based on trust.\"Sri Ramakrishna Dental College CEO Ramkumar said the college had already finished the admission process. Ramkumar: \"No question of blocking... you have to pay 50% of the donation now and the rest of the amount by February-end. Every student has to write an exam before a committee arranged by the dental college association. It is only a formality.... The entrance examination for PG dental course is all a sham, it's money that speaks.\" Three years ago, a Times of India-Times Now investigation had exposed the rampant sale of undergraduate medical seats in two private colleges in Tamil Nadu.The Tamil Nadu Private Dental Colleges Association - which conducts the common entrance test for six private dental colleges affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University - has circulated a rank list with the names of 104 students. Sources said it received 125 applications and 110 appeared for the entrance examination, which was supervised by a state-appointed panel. As per the rank list, only 73 dentists who scored more than 50% qualified for MDS admission. But, some students who did not qualify were also given admissions after taking capitation fee. Medical fraternity said they were shocked how the government could be blind to such blatant corruption. Dental Council of India (DCI) president Dr Dibyendu Mazumdar said the council could stall the admission process and prevent students from writing their first semester examinations if illegal admissions were made. \"But it has to be referred to us by the university or the state government,\" Dr Mazumdar said.The TN Dr MGR Medical University, which registers students joining dental and medical courses, has failed to check if these students satisfied the criteria laid down by the DCI. Vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said, \"We weren't aware of this. But now, we will ensure we initiate action against each of these colleges,\" he said.Health department officials said they would send notices to colleges asking them to explain why action should not be initiated against them. Health minister V S Vijay said: \"Capitation fee is prohibited. We have not received any complaints so far. If we do, we will initiate action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634555", "title": "CEO notices to Khalap, Faleiro", "text": "PANAJI: The office of the chief electoral officer in Goa has issued a notice to law commission chairman Ramakant Khalap as to why the facilities and perks enjoyed by him from the government should not be withdrawn.Joint chief electoral officer S N Navti told mediapersons that the CEO's office is also set to issue a similar notice to the commissioner of NRI affairs Eduardo Faleiro.This follows complaints to the CEO by a prominent social activist that both were drawing salaries and enjoying other benefits from the government and yet engaging themselves in political activity.The number of -lection related complaints to the CEO's office increased to 61 in North Goa and 99 in South Goa. In North Goa, the election authorities have already disposed off 56 and five are pending and in South Goa they disposed off 90 with nine pending, Navti said.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11634421", "title": "25 institutes to be declared 'tobacco-free' on R-Day", "text": "JORHAT: The district administration of Jorhat will declare 25 educational institutions of the district 'tobacco-free institutes of the state' during the Republic Day programme on Thursday.\"We have decided to declare 25 educational institutions as tobacco-free institutes during the Republic Day celebrations tomorrow,\" said Ramesh Chand Jain, deputy commissioner (Jorhat). He added this initiative has been taken by the tobacco-control cell .District tobacco cell in-charge, Bhaktimoy Bhattacharya informed educational institutions from lower primary schools to colleges have been included in the declaration this year. Some of the institutes are Bahona College, Titabor NN Saikia College, Garmur Pitambor Dev Goswami High School and Khongia ME School (Dohotia).He added, \"With this, the total number of tobacco-free educational institutes in the district has increased to 37. Earlier, 12 institutions of the district were honoured with this tag to increase the awareness on the demerits of tobacco among people.\" The Jorhat administration launched the tobacco-free operation in December 2008 and Charaibahi High School was declared the first tobacco-free institute in 2009. Last year, a village comprising 300 households was declared the first tobacco-free village in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633740", "title": "Lieutenant awarded Ashok Chakra for LoC encounter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Young Lieutenant Navdeep Singh, barely five months after being commissioned into the Army, killed four hard-core heavily armed terrorists while thwarting a major infiltration bid across the Line of Control (LoC) in Gurez sector of J&K; last August.A grateful nation will honour the gallant officer, who succumbed to his gunshot injuries while saving a fellow soldier's life during the fierce encounter, with the highest peacetime gallantry award, the Ashoka Chakra, during the 63rd Republic Day parade on Thursday.Lt Singh's exemplary leadership of his \"ghatak'' (commando) platoon of the 15 Maratha Light Infantry led to the elimination of 12 terrorists during the encounter in hostile terrain on August 19-20, 2011. Honorary Captain (retd) Joginder Singh , father of Lt Singh, who was a third-generation soldier, will receive the medal from President Pratibha Patil .The Kirti Chakra, the second highest medal, will be conferred on Lieutenant Sushil Khajuria (posthumous) of the Grenadiers, Lt-Colonel Kamaldeep Singh and Captain Ashutosh Kumar, both from the Rajputana Rifles, for bravery beyond the call of duty in counter-terrorist operations in J&amp;K.;In all, 368 gallantry and other defence decorations have been awarded to the personnel of the armed forces this year. The 16 Shaurya Chakra awardees are Major R K Gurung, Major Shalender, Lt-Commander R M Nambiar, Wing Commander F P Pinto, Sudbedar Manjeet Singh, Naib Subedar M S Ganpati, Naib Subedar L S Khichi, Naik Sumer Singh, Naik Sankar Tarafdar, Lance Naik B K Dhami, rifleman T B Gurung, Samsher Singh and Kanhaya Prasad (both posthumously) of BRO, assistant commandant R K Singh of CRPF, Captain Shakul Tyagi of Pawan Hans and special police officer Barket Ali (posthumous).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634598", "title": "150 students gather to support the clean up Nag River cause", "text": "NAGPUR: Zero gravity team managed to sufficiently spread a word about the cause of cleaning the Nag River and gather about 150 people in the early morning hours on Wednesday.For the second day of the campaign, invitations were sent to the schools for participation. Both the branches of Sandipani School along with Centre Point School, Wardhaman Nagar had made it to the canal road for painting the walls. Amar pre-nursery school had also sent its children for the same.There was a wave of enthusiasm as the students sat down to paint. Neither the stink nor the filth around the canal could suppress the enthusiasm of the kids in any way. It was evident that they were dedicated in working for a cause and applause obviously did not matter.Riddhi Vikamshi from Sandipani School said, \"I am watching that nothing is being done to clean this dirty river and in order to bring this to the notice of the authorities, I believe something like this needs to be done.\"Maitreyi Jichkar, head of the organization said, \"The students have actively participated to work for the cause and the response has been unexpectedly high.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633904", "title": "5 years later, HC reinstates judge", "text": "MUMBAI: It took a civil judge five long years to battle the taint of being corrupt. The Bombay High Court on Tuesday ordered the reinstatement of 42-year-old Rahul Ranpise while ruling that anonymous complaints without evidence cannot be the basis to sack judicial or government officers on bribery and corruption charges.\"Suspicion and proof of corruption or bribery charges are two different and distinguishable concepts,\" said a division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice Anoop Mohta. \"A judicial officer or any government officer cannot be punished on the charge of bribery or corruption unless there is concrete, clear evidence.'' The high court held the inquiry officer in the present case failed to appreciate that \"anonymous complaint should not be the basis for imposing major penalty of dismissal of service.\"The court urged caution when faced with such baseless complaints. \"We have to consider carefully and cautiously such allegations, enabling the judicial officer or government servants to perform their duties freely and fairly and without bias, uninfluenced by any internal and external politics and prejudices. We have to respect and support the purpose and object of judicial independence,\" the judges added.The court was hearing a petition filed by Ranpise, a former civil judge, junior division who was removed from his job in 2006. This was based on complaints that during his tenure as assistant charity commissioner, he demanded Rs 1 lakh from a supervisor of the Shri Gajanan Maharaj Sansthan, Shegaon in July 2004. The second allegation was that he asked another officer of the trust to foot bills for hiring a car.Following an inquiry, Ranpise's services were terminated in October 2006. Challenging his dismissal in high court, Ranpise denied the charges saying that the trustees undertook all attempts to stall the inspection and when they could not stop it, they resorted to making such allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11636010", "title": "RTE promotes parity in education, but not all private schools are convinced", "text": "Rashmi Bansal, a student of Activity High School scored 80% in her ICSE examinations in 2007. What differentiated Rashmi's performance from others was that she achieved it without the aid of tuitions. Coming from a family of modest means that was unable to lend much financial support, it was her school that honed her skills and paved the way for her success.\"We have always gone the extra mile to ensure that there exists no disparity among students, especially regarding their financial conditions,\" says Perin Bagli, principal of Activity High School at Pedder Road. Besides affluent children on their rolls, this school also takes in students from less privileged backgrounds.\"We try to ensure their participation in extra-curricular activities, provide them with textbooks and initiate many more steps for the benefit of these children. Sometimes, we have incurred costs up to Rs 6 lakh in providing these facilities,\" she says.When it came into effect in April 2010, the Right to Education Act enshrined, for the first time, a constitutional right to schooling, promising that every child from six to 14 would be entitled to mandatory education. For a nation that had never properly financed education for the masses, this law was a major milestone. Yet, most principals of Mumbai's schools refused to comment on the 25% reservation for the economically backward classes according to the RTE Act.Many private and unaided schools across the country have challenged the RTE Act in the Supreme Court. It is reserved for judgement. While some principals of private school said that the reservation plan was not well-thought-out by the government as schools would have to bear the financial burden, others said they were already admitting students from lessprivileged backgrounds.The principal of a wellknown suburban school says, \"The insufficient funds provided by the government would put the school finances at a complete deficit.\"Many school principals said that they were already enrolling students from less affluent backgrounds, and believed in providing equal opportunities to all their children irrespective of their economic backgrounds.In its true essence, the law implies that a child's economic background should not deprive him or her of realising his or her true potential and that schools should ensure that no student is discriminated against but rather be empowered to reach greater heights.Tanya Valecha, principal of Rustomjee Cambridge International School, Dahisar, believes in maintaining 'a simple and basic Code of Conduct' to ensure uniformity among children. \"We do not allow branded watches or expensive stationery,\" she says.Some schools have been encouraging intermingling of students from all strata of society as it \"creates greater sensitivity among the better-off students and also makes them appreciate the many luxuries they have\", as Nicole Britto, viceprincipal of St Joseph's High School, Wadala, puts it.Students of Gundecha Education Academy, for instance, have adopted Matrubhumi, a school for underprivileged children in Thakur Village, and teach students of Matrubhumi on a regular basis.The school's vice-principal Sonu Arora believes this initiative is a way to bridge the economic disparity among students hailing from different financial backgrounds. She adds: \"All students at Gundecha are welcome, irrespective of their economic background, to avail of a quality education.\"Bagli says: \"Selfless gestures are the need of the hour and are essential to promote greater participation of students in private schools.\"Supporters of the Act say that any help to students should be given without making a big noise about it because it would only serve the purpose of drawing unwanted attention to the child's background. If the Right to Education Act-as envisioned by the government is successfully implemented- it will ensure 100% literacy, which in turn will ensure the overall economic development of India.Dhruv Patel &amp; Pearl Majithia | YOUNG EDITORS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635941", "title": "What went wrong with the Devas deal?", "text": "Antrix is the commercial and marketing arm of ISRO. It was incorporated as a private limited company owned by the government of India in September 1992, for the promotion and commercial exploitation of space products, technical consultancy services and transfer of technologies developed by ISRO.Devas Multimedia Pvt Limited is a Bangalore-based company set up by ex-ISRO and Forge Advisors (a strategic management consultancy) personnel.On January 28, 2005, Antrix and Devas signed an agreement where Antrix would, on a lease basis, make available \"part of a space segment capacity on Primary Satellite 1 (PS1) and an option to gain additional capacity on Primary Satellite 2 (PS2) to be manufactured for similar services ... in the S-Band\".In other words, Devas would lease 90% of transponder capacity on two satellites -- GSAT-6 and GSAT-6A at a cost of US $300 million (around Rs 1,500 crore) over a period of 12 years.The S-Band refers to 2.5 to 2.69 GHz wavelength and is highly sought after. Terrestrial mobile operators currently use the 2.1 GHz band for 3G services, and want the S-Band as an extension for 3G services.The department of space has said the S-Band is required for radio networking and meteorological services, like the cyclone warning dissemination system. Wireless broadband providers covet the S-Band because they can provide access speeds of 2 Mbps and above to many more customers.After several experts criticized the deal as being heavily undervalued, the government decided to annul it in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11635377", "title": "ID card must for upper class rail travel", "text": "MANGALORE: With effect from February, passengers travelling in First AC, AC 2-tier, AC 3-tier, AC Chair Car and executive classes in trains will be required to produce the proof of their identity in original during travel.According to railways, if the passenger fails to produce the ID proof, they will be treated as travelling without ticket and charged accordingly.This will be applicable to tickets purchased both from passenger reservation system as well as internet. The list of valid proof of identity are: voter photo identity card issued by Election Commission of India; passport; pan card issued by income tax department; driving license issued by RTO; photo ID card having serial number issued by central/state government; student ID card with photograph issued by recognized school/college for students; nationalized bank passbook with photograph; credit cards issued by banks with laminated photograph or Unique Identification Card Aadhaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "11635771", "title": "GPS magic: In Japan, get a job through phone", "text": "TOKYO: Jobs are now just a phone away! A placement agency in Japan is using phone handsets' global positioning system to quickly match workers to temporary jobs, doing away with interviews and other formalities.The service provided by Tokyo-based firm LocationValue was launched in 2006. Job applicants are to send the company their resumes and make requests about the times of the day and workplaces where they want to work, the Kyodo news agency reported.The firm locates the applicants, using the global positioning systems built into their cellphones and promptly contacts prospective employers. Employers can view applicants' track records of work performances on LocationValue's phone site and dispense with face-to-face job interviews before landing capable workers.At present, an estimated 320,000 workers are registered with the company's service. While there are no registration fees, the company charges an employer $40.31 per hire.A 40-year-old housewife and mother of a grade school child from Saitama Prefecture, who has been placed in work through the phonebased placement service, said it enables her to be gainfully employed even though she has very limited spare time.She signed up a year ago for the service. As soon as she accesses a phone website called 'Otetsudai (help) Networks' of the company, she gets an e-mail offering a job at a restaurant she can reach in less than an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11635925", "title": "Fasten your seat belts from Feb 1", "text": "BANGALORE: City traffic police are moving ahead with their plans to make mandatory wearing of seat belts for those sitting in the front seats of cars and other LMVs from February 1.Additional commissioner (traffic) MA Saleem told TOI, \"We will start the campaign with a publicity blitzkrieg on Republic Day. Section 138 of the Motor Vehicles Act has made it mandatory that those in the front seats of LMVs wear seat belts. We will enforce the rule from February 1.\"Saleem said those found flouting the rule will be slapped a spot fine of Rs100.The officer said that the volume of traffic in the city was rising by leaps and bounds and motorists' safety was a matter of concern.\"This is only possible if the driver and others in the front seat wear seat belts which, at present, is no more than ornamental pieces. In case of any accident, seat belts will save the motorists. This has been proved time and again,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11633506", "title": "FIR against 73 in blast case", "text": "GARHWA: An FIR has been lodged on Wednesday against 43 people and 30 Maoists in connection with Saturday's landmine blast in Lalmatia village in which 13 policemen were killed and two injured. Bhandaria police station officer in-charge Raj Bali Chaudhary was among the killed.Daniel Soren, one of the injured policemen, has lodged the FIR with Bhandaria police. He said in the landmine blast he was thrown into a bush from where he saw the Maoists firing on policemen, who had already died in the blast. \"The Maoists were calling their men by taking their names and that was how he came to know their names,\" Soren said.The FIR named Arunji, Ram Sundarji, Santoshji, Jagdishji, Vivekji, Ram Nathji, Chhotelalji, Mritunjayji, Mohanji, Arvindji, Manishji, Sukhadi Miyan, Bhanuji, Rajuji, Shekharji, Preetji, Santosh Yadav, Jhokhan Singh, Birenderji, Kaushalji, Fida Hussain, Mahfooz Ansari, Budh Lal, Suman Didi, Bargarh mukhiya Ramdas Minz, Indrajeetji, Viswasji, Surajji, Jairamji, Babulalji and others.Meanwhile, mukhiya Ramdas Minz and his aide Fida Hussain, who were arrested in Bargarh after the landmine blast on Saturday, have been forwarded to jail, said Garhwa SP Michael Raj S. Minz and Hussain are accused of murder and the criminal conspiracy, the SP added.CPI(ML) leaders and workers sat on an indefinite dharna at local Ranka More in Garhwa town to protest the police lathicharge on party activists, who were allegedly trying to enforce the bandh on Tuesday. About 12 ML activists were injured. tnnParty's Bagodar MLA Vinod Singh has accused Garhwa police of targeting the outfit time and again. Singh was addressing media persons here on Wednesday. He said, \"Police are unnecessary harassing every revolutionary branding them as Naxalites.\"Singh also said he would appeal to the DGP to initiate a probe into the incident of police lathicharge on party's activists, who were peacefully demonstrating against the abduction of district council chairperson Sushma Mehta, her bodyguard Sunesh Ram, aide Akhtar Ansari and driver Mahboob Ansari. He has also demanded safe release of Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634600", "title": "Security beefed up at IGI Airport for R-Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the run up to Republic Day, Delhi Airport's security has been scaled up several notches. Passengers should not be surprised if they are randomly stopped at various points even up to the terminal as both Delhi Police and CISF have stepped up surveillance. The measures are in place till January 30.Starting from the point when one enters the Airports Authority premises till they enter the airport, multiple levels of checking have been put in place. Delhi Police sources say their pickets have been strengthened and for the past couple of days, random checks of vehicles have increased. \"Because the airport has been put on high alert, a much larger number of vehicles are being stopped and checked thoroughly before being allowed to progress towards the terminals. Parking along the way, as several people tend to do in order to save on parking money, is also being discouraged and mobile patrolling vans of Delhi Police and traffic police are keeping a check on this practice,\" said a senior police officer.Once at the terminal, passengers are also being subjected to random checks before they are permitted inside. Airport sources said that based on profiling, passengers are being stopped randomly and their bags are being opened for checking. \"Airport management was to have installed x-ray scanners at entry points for better checking, but that system is yet to start. Meanwhile, the machines are here and we are using them during the red alert for increased surveillance. At gates 3 and 5, passengers are being randomly identified for baggage x-ray,\" said a CISF officer.Ladder step security has also been made mandatory for all flights. \"Normally it is only international flights and that too usually on the US routes that have ladder point security. At present all flights have to carry this out. This means that when passengers head towards the aircraft for boarding, their baggage is checked thoroughly again,\" said an official.CISF has also deployed an additional platoon at the cityside for better security management. About 30 extra personnel from Mumbai have been placed outside the terminal. The dog squads are also doing extra rounds. \"Quick response teams have also been increased. Access control measures have also been stepped up and no unauthorized persons are being allowed inside the terminal. Visitor entry has been stopped completely and only temporary passes are being issued for technical staff,\" said an airport official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635170", "title": "Schools allow late reporting by students stuck in traffic", "text": "PUNE: The telephone did not stop ringing at schools in and around Swargate area as parents made frantic calls to find out if their children had reached safely. Several autorickshaws, private vehicles and parents, who regularly drop their children to school, were stuck in traffic jams on Tilak Road, Swargate and Shankarshet Road as state transport bus driver as Santosh Mane went berserk killing eight.Medha Pandit, principal of Shikshan Prasarak Mandal English Medium School, secondary section on Tilak Road, said, \"I have handled several calls in the morning from parents and rickshaw drivers. There was a traffic jam in Swargate area due to the incident and students who were coming to school were stuck. They called me asking if they should go back home. I asked them to come to school as they had already travelled a long distance.\"Students at Jnana Prabodhini Prashala in Sadashiv Peth were also delayed owing to the chaos in Swargate area. Milind Naik, school principal said, \"Till very late, students kept coming and we allowed them into the school since the reason was genuine. Many parents also visited the school to find out if their children were safe. Only a few students went back after they were caught in traffic.\"An official at the Huzurpaga High School said, \"Our school usually begins a bit late and the incident took place early in the morning so not many students faced any problem. Nevertheless, out staff members have to report to school early and they faced a problem. Many reached late.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635796", "title": "Twist in pilot scam: PMO imposter in net", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police, which is planning to submit a chargesheet in the fake pilot scam next month, is now grappling with a unique problem. They have arrested a 51-year-old woman who posed as an Officer on Special Duty (OSD) in the Prime Minister's Office and asked the DGCA director general to meet a pilot whose licence had been revoked by the DGCA.The accused has been identified as Sumangali Francina Esther Charles alias Suman Singh. It was she who called up the director general of civil aviation, Bharat Bhushan, after introducing herself as an OSD in the PMO and asked him to meet a pilot whose licence had been revoked by DGCA after he had fraudulently converted his US licence to CPL.Though the pilot in question is not an accused in the fake pilot scam, cops say they have evidence to prove Suman was contacted by pilots in the scam to put in a good word for them for a hefty fee. \"Suman called Bhushan on December 20 and asked him to give an appointment to one pilot, Captain Amar Singh. Bhushan met Amar in his office on December 21 and found he had been debarred from flying on account of suspected fraud,\" said Sandeep Goel, joint CP (crime).\"Suspecting something amiss, Bhushan checked with the PMO and found that there was no such OSD or any official by the name of Suman. He then contacted Suman on her cellphone and she asked him to come to the PMO to meet her. But when he informed her that there was no OSD by her name working in the PMO, she disconnected the call and did not respond further. Bhusan then lodged a complaint with the anti-extortion cell, which is investigating the fake pilot case,\" Goel added.Police arrested Suman from IGI Airport on Tuesday while she was returning from Hyderabad. Cops have now asked Amar, a resident of Mumbai, to co-operate in the probe. Further investigations revealed that Suman was earlier arrested in a similar case in 2003 when she had posed as the additional private secretary to the deputy PM and had called the commissioner of customs for a personal favour. Later, she had jumped bail during trial and was declared an absconder in October 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634183", "title": "Pressure on Patil to evict IPS officials", "text": "MUMBAI: Pressure is mounting on home minister R R Patil to take action against senior IPS officials who are yet to vacate their official quarters despite being transferred out of Mumbai.A week ago, police commissioner Arup Patnaik issued eviction orders against more than a dozen such IPS officials. The officials have also been asked to pay penalty rent which runs into lakhs of rupees and could be deducted from their monthly salary.Ex-police commissioner M N Singh supported the steps taken by Patnaik. \"It is shocking that the officials are still occupying the quarters despite being served with an eviction order,\" he told TOI.Singh said that a large number of IPS officials own flats and that too on land given to their societies at a nominal rate. \"They have given out their flats on rent for massive amounts and still want to stay in government quarters. Such attitude has tarred the image of the entire IPS cadre. The government must amend rules to ensure that if an IAS or IPS official has a flat in Mumbai, then he/she should not be entitled to official accommodation,\" Singh said.\"Senior IPS officials are expected to lead by example but they are misleading their colleagues and the government by indulging in profiteering. My information is that the income of quite a large number of IPS officials is several times more than their salary,\" Singh said.RTI activist Yogacharya Shri Anandji said it is unfortunate that IPS officials are misusing their position for personal gains. Anandji has filed a public interest litigation in the high court over the allotment of a prime piece of land to a cooperative housing society floated by IPS officials. At the time of the land allotment, the government had made it clear that society members will not be eligible for official accommodation in Mumbai. \"I saw the list of officers against whom eviction notices have been issued and most of them have flats in the society. Patil must take the erring IPS officials to task,\" Anandji said.Said an ex-DGP, \"Patil must ensure that IPS officials vacate the quarters and pay the penal rent in a time-bound manner. I know of an IPS officer who managed to get a Rs 60,000-waiver on the penal rent amount from Patil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633941", "title": "New-look city auditorium to reopen next week", "text": "PATNA: Bihar's biggest auditorium S K Memorial Hall here, which was built in 1976 with a seating capacity of 2,000, is currently undergoing comprehensive renovation, which is now likely to be completed by January 31 against the previous target date of February 10.After the facelift, the auditorium will have better air conditioning, comfortable chairs, beautiful air curtains, state-of-the-art sound and electrical systems. It will be reopened for public booking from next Wednesday.\"I have directed the authorities concerned to complete the renovation and beautification work by January 31,\" divisional commissioner K P Ramaiah, who also chairs the S K M Hall Development Committee (SKMHDC), said. \"Work has been intensified after CM Nitish Kumar's directives,\" said a senior official.Various departments - building construction, Pesu and PHED - have been entrusted with the task of structural facelift, restoration of electrical equipment and sanitation and sewage system overhaul, respectively. \"Renovation is likely to cost an estimated Rs2 crore,\" said a public relation officer (Patna division), K K Upadhyay.The hall's centralized air conditioning system will now have three compressors of 90 tons each to keep the hall cool. The entire building is being whitewashed, and the broken steps and patches where plaster had come off are being repaired, said Upadhyay. Couches in the hall's green room are being replaced with modern ones and the room is being fitted with split AC and air curtains. The well of the hall will also get VIP chairs, while damaged chairs in the main hall are also being replaced. The PHED department is busy constructing potable water points at strategic locations in the hall. A water cooler is also being put in place. Toilets and washrooms are under restoration as well.A senior officer said the hall's existing booking charge may be revised after renovation. At present, for private functions on weekdays, the charge is Rs60,150, while on weekends it is Rs66,165 (both inclusive of taxes). For government agencies, however, the charge is only Rs38,496 (inclusive of all taxes).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11633535", "title": "Corruption crusader lands in jail", "text": "BOKARO: Kedarnath Singh, the resident of Chapri in Gomia block who had begun a march from here to Ranchi to meet chief minister Arjun Munda on Republic Day to register his grievances, landed in jail on Wednesday for allegedly pressuring administrative officials.He was arrested from Petarwar on way to Ranchi after Bokaro district superintendent of education (DSE) Banke Bihari Singh lodged an FIR against him for pressuring them to provide him with a job as a para-teacher on the basis of forged documents.Kedarnath was protesting against the DSE and other officials accusing them of not recruiting him as a para-teacher even after his name appeared in the merit list since he was unable to pay the bribe. However, the protest landed him in jail but it has exposed negligence on part of administrative officials in recruitment process conducted by them in 2008.The DSE has also suspended two para-teachers, Sanjay Mahto and Vinay Prasad, of the upgraded government school Tusko in Gomia block finding irregularities in the recruitment done by block education committee in 2008. There were three vacancies for para-teachers in the Tusko school. Singh was staking claim for one of the three seats while two other persons had joined the service, said a source.DSE Singh said during investigation it was found that the appointment of Mahto and Prasad was also not genuine. The duo were recruited by block officials even though they did not fulfill the desired qualification for the posts. \"We have also recommended for dismissal of the two para-teachers and are locating the BDO, BEO, CO and BWO, who conducted the recruitment process to take action against them,\" he added.Kedarnath was trying to pressure the DC to recruit him as a para-teacher by manipulating the records. \"DC Sunil Kumar and I have joined in 2011. How come we are guilty of the things which had occurred in 2008. Singh was trying to create pressure on us by threatening to self-immolate himself, foot march and in other ways,\" said the DSE.During inquiry it was exposed that Kedarnath had manipulated the documents of block level education committee. His name was not in village education committee list. It is not possible that without getting selected by village education committee his name appeared in the block education committee list.\"He has manipulated the documents which we have detected during inquiry. Despite committing forgery, he was trying to blackmail us. However negligence on part of the block level officials who were in the selection committee cannot be ruled out,\" said the DSE.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said Kedarnath was sent to jail after the DSE lodged an FIR with Chas police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11633961", "title": "US-Asia Biz Forum's 3-day expo in March", "text": "NAGPUR: US-Asia Business Forum (USABF), a Los Angeles-based not for profit organisation promoted by non-resident Indians, is planning to hold a three-day exhibition in Nagpur from March 23 to 25. To be held at Kasturchand Park, the event will have participation from Indian as well as companies from other Asian countries and America. The organisers claim it is aimed at exploring investment opportunities in the region as well as scope of outbound flow of capital from entrepreneurs here.USABF's investing partner Anand Desai told TOI that the organisation had tied up with local business associations like MIDC Industries Association (MIA) and Vidarbha Economic Development Council ( VED). The organization that was formed in 2006 has been holding similar events in Los Angeles and has now decided to have such expos in district level cities in India too. With promoters being from Maharashtra, Nagpur was chosen to start with. USABF is a subsidiary of Mumbai-based firm Prachin Real Estate , said Desai.The event in Nagpur will be focusing on four sectors- agriculture, manufacturing, tourism and real estate. Desai claimed to have secured confirmations from major US companies for participation in the event. These include Boeing, Microsoft and IBM . Boeing's logistics division will be taking part in the expo, he said. However, he did not give any further details on Boeing's participation. Boeing is also building a mantenance repair and overhaul depot (MRO) in Nagpur.A group of investors from the US will also be scouting for investment opportunities in the local realty business, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635383", "title": "HC notice to Central varsity for alleged irregularity in recruitments", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has issued notices to the Union human resource department and the Central University of Rajasthan for alleged irregularities in the procedure adopted to fill the post of an assistant registrar.Admitting a petition moved by one of the applicants for the post, a single bench of Justice M N Bhandari on Wednesday passed an interim order saying that the recruitment on the post shall remain subject to the final outcome of the case.As the city lawyers were on protest, petitioner Abhilasha Chaudhary pleaded her own case before the single bench. Justice Bhandari issued notices to the Union HRD secretary, the UGC's regional director, the university's vice-chancellor M M Salunkhe and registrar K M Hironi, directing them to file their replies within two weeks.The court was told that the newly established university at Kishangarh near Ajmer had invited applications for filling up two vacancies of deputy registrars and one vacancy of an assistant registrar. Chaudhary had applied for both the posts, the written examinations for which were conducted on December 21 and 22 last year.Even though separate applications and fees were demanded for both the posts, certain candidates were allegedly stopped by registrar Hironi from appearing for the written examination held for the post of assistant registrar on December 22. \"The registrar said that candidates who gave the examination for the post of deputy registrar on December 21 need not to give the examination for assistant registrar on December 22 as their previous day's test scores would be considered for the second post, too,\" Chaudhary told the court on Wednesday.Such candidates were allowed to give the examination on December 22 when they approached vice-chancellor Salunkhe. \"By the time the vice-chancellor intervened, many of the candidates had left the examination centre and so they could not participate in the recruitment process,\" Chaudhary said in the court. When the candidates who could not take the written examination protested, the university called them for the interviews. \"This was again violation of the rules. Moreover, 16 candidates were called for interview against the vacancy of one post, even though the rule is about calling the candidates in the 1:10 ratio,\" Chaudhary told the bench.The petitioner even alleged that vice-chancellor Salunkhe appeared biased against her and other similarly aggrieved candidates since some of them had approached the media to expose the irregularity. The court was requested to scrap the ongoing recruitment process, order another recruitment through an independent agency and punish the guilty officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mao gate", "code": "11634360", "title": "Nagas of Manipur at crossroads over integration issue", "text": "MAO GATE: The foray of Naga People's Front (NPF) into the Manipur assembly polls seems to have posed a major challenge to the Nagas of Manipur who were asked to decide by the party whether they are in favour of Naga integration.The NPF had been tactfully posing a major challenge to the Nagas of Manipur by asking them whether they were in favour of Naga integration and termed the coming election as another referendum on the issue.NPF president Surhohozelie Liezietsu, while addressing various election rallies of NPF for the 48 Mao assembly constituency, raised this issue as NPF's entry into Manipur was meant to fight for the rights of the Nagas.\"The Nagas of Manipur have being living like second-class citizens. You have only a few days left to take the crucial decision. If you caste your vote for the right cause, you'll benefit. If you don't, then you'll continue to suffer under the Manipur government which treats you as second-class citizens,\" he said.He added, \"India is one of the biggest democracies where everyone has equal rights. Then why the Nagas of Manipur and other tribals are denied the same.\" He said the NPF's decision to expand its party to Manipur was to basically speak for the birthright of the Nagas. The party president assured to uphold the principles of the party.He said the Nagaland assembly had unanimously passed four resolutions and the desire of Nagas to live as one family under the same administrative umbrella was spelled even before Manipur attained statehood. Surhohozelie said the Nagas were divided by the British for administrative convenience.\"Integration is our fundamental right as Nagas are from the same family,\" he added. Asked about the India-Naga talks, he said NPF wants an early settlement but is facing problems on the issue of Naga integration. \"We've heard that integration is the bone of contention for which we've decided to expand our party base to Manipur to provide a platform to the Nagas for speaking their heart out,\" added the NPF president.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634107", "title": "Anna\u2019s 'slap' theory draws Cong, BJP fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gandhian leader Anna Hazare on Tuesday stepped into the middle of a fresh controversy when he said people had been left with no option but to slap the corrupt, drawing sharp criticism from both Congress and BJP and leaving his associates hard put to explain the comments.Speaking at his native village Ralegaon Siddhi, Anna on Tuesday evening had said, ``When a man's power of tolerance runs out, then whoever is in front of you, if a slap is given, then the brain is put back in place. That is the only road open now.'' He made the remarks after watching the Hindi film Gali Gali Chor Hai based on the aam admi's fight against corruption.Congress party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi questioned the activist on his claim to being a Ghandhian. \"It is a serious point you are raising and not to be taken lightly. I would like to be educated and the whole country would like to be educated on this new definition of the Gandhian path,\" he said.Singhvi lost no time in putting Congress's strident critic under the scanner and said, \"We would all like to understand this new approach which in the same breath talks of fasting and sacrifice and the same breath repeats not once, not twice but many times about slapping other people.\"This is not the first time that Anna has been ambiguous of public officials being slapped, having asked whether agriculture minister Sharad Pawar had been struck just once after the minister was assaulted at a function in Delhi.Even BJP, which Congress accuses of being Team Anna's collaborator, disapproved of his call to slap politicians as an anti-corruption measure. BJP general secretary and chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"The anger against corruption is perfectly justified, but nobody, however well intentioned, has the right to resort to take law in his hands. People have the right to protest peacefully but they are obliged not to do anything that is not permissible under the Constitution.''It was Team Anna that found themselves scrambling for answers. Asked if he agreed with Anna's views, prominent lawyer Prashant Bhushan declined comment saying he was unaware in what context or if at all the statement had been made by him. Bhushan himself has been at the receiving end of a brutal attack at the hands of persons who barged into his office as they disagreed with his comments on Kashmir.With the political class - even most BJP leaders - intrinsically unhappy with Team Anna's anti-politician stance, Anna's comments will give them another reason to run him down. The controversy can also further erode the Gandhian's equity as it helps critics argue that Anna is a rather one-dimensional figure. The flop show at Mumbai in last December has evened the playing field a bit as well.In a statement, Team Anna said politicians could not be trusted as they can be easily managed by corporate houses with \"vested\" interests. Arguing that elected representatives often represented only a small fraction of the vote in elections often influenced by money and muscle power and caste considerations, Team Anna said politicians chose to leverage corporate interests.Stressing that elected representatives came to power with the use of money power the group said that decisions on policies and laws were taken by the party high command, or in the basis of self-interest or on extraneous and often corrupt considerations. ``That is why acts which vitally affect millions of persons like the SEZ Act get passed in Parliament in minutes without any discussion, and the Lokpal Bill remains stuck for decades,'' the statement said.The members called for a more participative form of democracy by taking the view of the gram sabhas in law-making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635127", "title": "Economic ties will stabilise strategic relations with China: Ronen Sen", "text": "PUNE: Stronger economic and social ties between India and China will help stabilise strategic relations between the two countries, said former Indian ambassador to United States Ronen Sen in an interview with TOI on Wednesday.Sen said relations between India and China will have a bearing on world economic affairs as the two countries are set to be the largest economies of the world. Both India and China have withstood the global economic meltdown triggered in the US and now have a chance to consolidate their position in the world economic affairs through mutual cooperation, he said.Sen was in Pune to launch the India China Centre in the city under the initiative of US-based NGO Bridging Nations.Sen said India and China can look at encouraging industrial investments in each other's territories to create ties that will strengthen the business relations between the two countries, which will help preserve a balance in the strategic relations.China has left behind its clout as the world's manufacturing hub and is now focusing on high end technology development and frontier research in science, Sen said, adding that this will give it the edge to lead world economy in the time to come.Sen said while issues such as climate change and its impact on Asian region are relevant to China and it has protested against the attitude of the West in this respect, China has gone ahead in developing green technology, which can provide an answer to the climate change problem.India too should concentrate on cutting edge technology development and strengthen its position in science and technology area rather than engaging in rhetoric about its political sovereignty and policy independence, Sen said.\"We must stop comparing ourselves with China and address the strategic imperative of scientific progress which alone will raise India's international standing,\" he said, adding that it's time India engaged in introspection and worked to build own strengths to command respect internationally.There are unsolved diplomatic issues between India and China which are being addressed on different forums but we should look for commonality of interests between us and build an economic agenda based on it, Sen observed. \"If there are strong economic interests created between the two, one can't hurt the other without hurting himself,\" he added.Sen said India should step beyond the engineering and information technology and look at financial services and other services to leapfrog the trade balance with China. \"We need to expand the scope of bilateral business relations if we want to achieve the target of $1 billion trade with China by 2015 from $70 billion now,\" he said.Sen said though India, China and the United States are set to become the three largest economies of the world, the US will remain as the most powerful economy for many decades to come as it is the only power with a global reach. The US is still a very open country and developments such as Visa restrictions for Indian professionals should be looked as temporary, he said.\"There are over 25 million people of Indian origin in the US, contributing significantly to that country's progress in different fields,\" he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11640579", "title": "UGC proposes 20 exclusive universities for women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Espousing the cause of women's education, the 12th Plan period document of UGC has proposed 20 exclusive universities for them and 800 constituent colleges under the Central varsities to ensure equity in access to quality education.The University Grants Commission (UGC) has also sought a four-time hike in allocation during the Five Year Plan period from Rs 46,632 crore to Rs 1,84,740 crore to achieve its proposed initiatives.The initiatives also include upgrading of autonomous colleges with potential of excellence, enhancing intake capacity of institutes of higher education and development of 'college cluster universities'.The Plan document broadly emphasis on achieving the triple objectives of access and expansion, equity and inclusion, and quality and excellence, with an emphasis on consolidation and optimal use of infrastructure already created during the 11th Plan period.Giving thrust on women's education, the plan document has proposed 20 universities facilitating their entry into higher education even from very traditional background and rural and sub-urban areas.The Central government is proposed to fund their establishment while the State governments may provide the land and help to establish such universities, the document states while holding that the idea was included \"because the social dynamics of our system\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "11635017", "title": "Restoring vehicles rejuvenates Yudhvir", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: We all love rejuvenation, but Yudhvir Singh Virk is one man who loves restoring other things, and these things are none other than his vehicles. He has a proper workshop at his house where he used to work on his Jonga, an acronym for Jabalpur Ordnance And Gun Carriage Assembly. After purchasing this vehicle, he changed its entire look and is now busy giving a new look to his scooter of 1983 model.Resident of Pakhowal road, Yudhvir said from his childhood days, he was fascinated by vintage vehicles and it was his desire to own the same some day. His dream was fulfilled in the year 2002 when he purchased Jonga, which was manufactured by Nissan company from New Delhi. He purchased it for Rs 1.5 lakh and till date, has spent Rs 2 lakh on its restoration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11637624", "title": "Karan directs Riteish-Gen\u2019s sangeet party", "text": "The filmmaker is busy coordinating the song and dance acts and also designing the outfit for the groom-to-beIt's all about loving your family. Karan Johar believes so. And not just when it comes to his films. The filmmaker, who considers the Hindi cinema industry to be one big happy family has decided to direct the sangeet ceremony for Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza's wedding to be held on February 1, at a suburban five star. Karan, who coordinated the entire sangeet ceremony for the big Bachchan wedding between Abhi-Ash in April 2007, will be the mastermind behind the acts for Riteish and Genelia's sangeet ceremony. And Mumbai Mirror got the lowdown on of the KJo directed evening.TAILOR MADE EVENING For Karan, as we know from his films, clothes are very important. He highlighted and made the 'metrosexual man' popular in Bollywood with Saif Ali Khan's wardrobe in Kal Ho Naa Ho. And thus, the filmmaker, who is known to have a keen eye for fashion has taken the big responsibility of designing Riteish's clothes, revealed a friend of the groom-to-be. \"KJo is very busy with his upcoming releases Agneepath and Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu. However, he is leaving no stone unturned to co-ordinate everything for the sangeet. In fact, he even made it a point to attend the pre-wedding bash held by Fardeen Khan and Sajid Nadiadwala on Tuesday night,\" added the friend.BRO-MANTIC DANCING Riteish's brother Dheeraj has also decided to put up an act for the ceremony. Joining him in the act will be his wife Honey and brother-in-law Jaccky Bhagnani. \"In fact the rehearsals for the dance acts are being conducted in Jackky's house regularly,\" revealed Riteish's friend.AN ACT OF FRIENDSHIP If brothers can dance, so can the friends. Riteish's good friend Fardeen and Zayed Khan have thus decided to put up an act as well. \"Genelia's school friends have been practicing their dance as well. They also have planned a rather entertaining sequence,\" revealed the friend.For the pre wedding party hosted by Sajid Nadiadwala and Fardeen Khan for Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza, friends from Bollywood came down to wish the bride and groom-to-be. Karan Johar was seen playing the DJ and Boman Irani too did his part by delivering a rather fun speech. Interestingly, Sajid Khan came sans his girlfriend Jacqueline Fernandes, who had reportedly had a fallout with Riteish earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "11639018", "title": "India tycoon top Dubai billionaire's list", "text": "DUBAI: An influx of ultra-wealthy business tycoons from India has helped cement Dubai's position as the city with the most billionaires in the Middle East, according to a latest index that ranks Mumbai fifth largest hub of billionaires.The emirate is now home to the highest concentration of billionaires in the region - there are 14 of them - and ranks 18th globally, fresh data from WealthInsight, which analysed more than 1,300 billionaires, showed.New York was ranked as the city with highest number of billionaires, followed by Moscow, London and Hong Kong.\"In terms of competition with Dubai, it has more to do with the Indian business,\" Stephen Gross, a senior analyst in WealthInsight, was quoted as saying by The National newspaper.The UAE has a number of foreign national billionaires in the country, coming from countries including Bahrain, India, New Zealand, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.\"There's a lot of Indians who are not residents in India, and those are the ones that Dubai and Singapore are both competing for. Both locations are also courting billionaires seeking a haven from having to pay taxes, particularly after scrutiny increased over accounts in Switzerland.\"\"Dubai could benefit from wealthier individuals coming into the emirate following the Arab Spring, and if more unrest in the region continues - but there had not been such an effect among billionaires as of yet,\" Gross said.Since 2007, the average per-capita wealth of billionaires residing in the UAE has dropped 10 per cent, though the number of billionaires has doubled, WealthInsight said.Singapore stands to gain the most from a growing group of billionaires who hail from China, which has five cities in the top 25, including Shanghai in 8th spot.Dubai, two other Middle Eastern cities - Jeddah and Riyadh - also made it into WealthInsight's top 25 ranking.Istanbul, which is considered neither a part of the Middle East or Europe by WealthInsight, took sixth spot, ahead of San Francisco but just behind Mumbai.Globally, however, more developed cities and those within the US and Europe tended to reign supreme in terms of the concentration of billionaires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635119", "title": "Chinese envoy lists areas for cooperation", "text": "PUNE: Mutual political trust, deeper economic cooperation, enhanced people-to-people interaction and working together on multilateral forums can help shape relations between India and China in the future, Chinese ambassador Zhang Yan said on Wednesday.Yan said China and India are witnessing a growing convergence of interests and need to build on these interests in every possible way. He said the trade volume between the two countries has gone up ten times in the last decade and there is scope to further this process by encouraging industrial investments.About 1,000 Indian companies have invested in China and nearly 100 Chinese companies have set up shop in India, he said, adding that there are still wider opportunities to tap.Yan was addressing a function to inaugurate the India-China Centre in Pune, set up at the initiative of US- based NGO Bridging Nations.Reduction of economic disparities among people and regions, environment as well as water and food security are among tasks common for the two countries and one can learn from the experience of the other as we strive towards that goal, Yan said.Apart from business and political relation building, we can look at tourism, cultural exchange and educational cooperation and work together in multilateral issues, such as terrorism or climate change, Yan said. \"Let us address each other's concerns with adequate sensitivity. Pending resolution of issues left behind by history should not prevent us from working together in other fields.\"Advisor to Bridging Nations and India's former ambassador to the US Ronen Sen said China will soon replace US as India's biggest trade partner and there is immense opportunity to expand this position. There is specific scope to increase the contribution of financial services and other services, Sen added. Also important will be areas such as space research and cyber security, he said.Bridging Nations founder Prakash Ambegaonkar said the centre's activities will include organising seminars and conferences focusing on issues involved with education, technology, and policy. It will also plan delegation programme for students, corporates, NGOs, academicians and policymakers he said.Effort will include Mandarin language training in India and collaboration between universities and institutions in China.\"The growth of these two Asian neighbors is conducive to the long-term sustained economic growth of world. The combined power of both countries is overwhelming. This center will strive to strengthen India-China relations by identifying overlapping interests and involving peoples of both countries in the policy making process,\" Ambegaonkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635442", "title": "Woman declared dead, 'wakes up' before funeral", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bizarre incident a 72-year-old woman, who was declared 'dead', started breathing when her relatives were about to burn her 'body' on the funeral pyre on Wednesday. The woman is presently ailing since she has a severe blood clot in her brain and is undergoing treatment at a private hospital here.The incident took place at a village in Nawalgarh district of the state. Hundreds of relatives of Magan Kanwar, a native of Dadi Ka Phatak in Jhotwara, had gathered and were preparing for the woman's funeral. When some women were performing the ritual of bathing the 'dead body', they realized she was breathing. Immediately after, her son Surendra Singh Rathore took her to hospital and in the afternoon she was admitted at another private hospital.Divulging the details of the incident, Rathore said, \"My mother had slipped in the bathroom on January 23. We took her to a private hospital in the city. The hospital authorities on the morning of January 24 declared her dead. We asked them to check again since she was on a ventilator and the doctors had diagnosed her with brain hemorrhage.\"Rathore said when the doctors verbally declared her dead, the family without seeking any death certificate took her to the native village for funeral on Wednesday.\"At the village while performing some rituals we found my mother was breathing and alive. Later, a doctor there told us everything, including her heart beat and blood pressure, was normal. The doctors had said she was unconscious due to severe blood clot in her brain and so we brought her here,\" Rathore added.He claimed the hospital that had declared his mother dead did not gave them a valid death certificate. \"I did not get it since I was disturbed at the news of her dead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11633781", "title": "Most candidates enjoy clean image", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Voters in 12 assembly constituencies - City North, City South, City West, Bara, Koraon, Soraon, Phulpur, Phaphamau, Meja, Karchana, Pratappur and Handia can hope for a 'clean election' this time. Reason: Only four out of 71 candidates in the fray have criminal cases pending against them.In this regard, major political parties like BJP, Congress and BSP have scored over other parties by fielding candidates who have no criminal cases against them. The same, however, can't be said about SP whose two candidates have cases pending against them.Officers at district election office said, \"As per the nomination papers filed by the candidates, two candidates from Samajwadi Party - Mahesh N Singh and Sayeed Ahmed - have cases pending against them. BJP candidates - Kesharinath Tripathi, Jokhulal Yadav, Rang Bahadur Patel, Vibhavnath Bharti, Vidhyakant, Nirmala Paswan, Anamika Chaudhary and Prabha Shankar Pandey enjoy a clean image.Similarly, Congress candidates A N Singh and Shekhar Bahuguna and BSP candidates Babulal Bhawra, Praveen Patel, Guru Prasad Maurya, Bholanath Chaudhary and Mujtaba Siddiqui too enjoy a clean image among masses.Samajwadi Party candidates - Jyoti Yadav, Shashank Tripathi and Satyaveer Munna have a good reputation among voters. However, its candidates from Phulpur and Handia assembly seats have nine and five cases pending against them respectively. Congress candidate from Allahabad South assembly seat Chaudhary Jitendra Nath Singh has no criminal case pending against him.Apart from recognised political parties, 18 independents and others from smaller parties are also trying their luck and have no criminal cases pending against them. However, candidates with cases pending against them claim that they have been victims of political vendetta.UP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11639563", "title": "No fire in T-town's belly", "text": "Here is a small question to start with. Name a couple of big ticket Telugu films that dealt with the issue of corruption in the last one year. Well, not many films come to mind, do they? That's because there haven't been any.\" Leader\", which released in 2010, was perhaps the last one. What's interesting is that it was in 2011 that the Anna Hazareled anti-corruption movement made headlines, and yet, the subject did not seem to catch the fancy of even a single filmmaker in Tollywood, which is considered to be the country's leading film factory. Something sure seems amiss.Film scholar Kathi Mahesh Kumar isn't the least bit amused. \"Telugu cinema has evolved into an escapist dream factory that is least connected to the socio-economic realities of the day. Normal stories just do not work for us anymore. That's why only fictional superhero stories have become the order of the day. In fact, there hasn't been any issue-based cinema since the dawn of the new millennium in Tollywood,\" fumes Mahesh.Director Chandra Siddhartha offers an interesting explanation. \"Telugu cinema is essentially commercial cinema bound by the dictates of what sells. Characters like Surya Bhai of \"Businessman\", even with all his faults, are much more salable commercially than a Mahatma Gandhi or even an Anna Hazare. So only those issues that can fit into the commercial format are made into films and not the other way round. In any case, television channels are full of news about corruption, so unless cinema can offer something more than lip-service, beyond what is already being shown on TV, it just won't find an audience,\" reasons Chandra Siddhartha adding, \"Films are reflecting issues in their own way. Take Mahesh Babu's \"Businessman\" for example where he talks about how Cuddapah elections incurred costs of over 250 crore, suggesting the state of affairs.\"Director Nandini Reddy echoes his views saying, \"Audience's acceptance of films dealing with real issues is very low. For us, cinema is just entertainment. Unless we have filmmakers who genuinely feel for issues from within and come up with innovative solutions to real problems in a gripping script, I don't see things changing too much. Anyway, I'm not complaining about the state of things as I'm not attempting any such films myself.\" Perhaps that's why we see just a handful of films like \"Khadgam\", \" Tagore\", \"Aparichithudu\", \"Sivaji\", \"Leader\", etc that are routinely telecast on patriotic holidays like Independence Day and Republic Day. Even these flicks are a little too jingoistic in their approach, feels Mahesh Kumar, \"Most of these films have a Robinhood approach to the issue of corruption where the hero takes the onus of changing the system single-handedly by looting and attacking the bigger looter, while people remain silent observers. They do not offer any practical solution and resort to popcorn sloganeering without dwelling into the historicity,\" laments Mahesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635524", "title": "\u2018Careful police delayed Haroon\u2019s 13/7 arrest\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) officers said they had suspected Haroon Naik's involvement in the 13/7 blasts last September, but did not book him in the case fearing other perpetrators might flee. Investigators said they wanted to nab as many accused as possible, and hence took long to make an announcement.Naik, 32, was arrested in the first week of September in a fake currency case and sent to jail. The police apprehended him after he landed at Mumbai airport from Jeddah in late August. \"Naik is an old member of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India (Simi),\" said an officer. \"He sent money from UAE for the blasts. We booked him for aiding the financial transactions for the blasts and the conspiracy.\" Police alleged Naik also sponsored the visit of a Simi man, Asrar Tailor, to Pakistan for terror training.\"We have applied for Naik's custody in court and are hoping to get him this week,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria. \"His involvement was suspected last year itself, but we wanted to find the other accused, so did not arrest him for 13/7 then.\"\"We faced criticism for the delay in cracking the case. However, we also did not want to arrest the wrong person and therefore took time to investigate and verify,\" said Maria. It is learnt that the ATS may also let the arrested accused meet their families to convince them about the youths' involvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11633485", "title": "People asked to follow re-arranged traffic routes on Republic Day", "text": "RANCHI: In the run-up to the Republic Day celebrations, the district administration has asked commuters to follow rearranged traffic route on Thursday to reach to the government's programme at Morhabadi ground.Governor Syed Ahmed will hoist the tricolour at 9 am following which armed personnel of army, different wings of Jharkhand police and troops of central paramilitary forces will stage a colourful parade along with NCC cadets. The parade is to be led by commander of Indian Army following which different government departments will come up with their tableau to showcase achievements.Deputy commissioner K K Soan said that elaborate security arrangements have been made not only on the programme venue but other important places of the capital. \"We expect the spectators to follow the route map of traffic movement as is being advertised by the administration so that there is no chaos during the programme,\" he said.Apart from government departments, Tata Steel and Central Coalfields Limited are also participating in the programme with their tableau. Besides deployment of sniffer dogs at the venue, drop gate arrangement has been made all different places in the ground to manage crowd pressure and avert any kind of eventuality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11638477", "title": "Kamal hardly loses his cool: Andrea", "text": "After she completes the Ulaganayagan's Viswaroopam, Andrea will work on Vetri Maaran's Vada Chennai...Tell us about your role in Viswaroopam... All I can say is how much of a pleasure it has been to be part of a film with such high production values. And it's a triple bonus to work with Kamal the actor, director and writer. If his creative genius is legendary, so is his sense of humour. He always has interesting anecdotes and stories to share on the sets. He hardly ever loses his cool, which is a remarkable feat, considering that he dons so many hats in the film.You are part of Vada Chennai too... I first met Vetri sir years ago, but unfortunately, didn't get to work with him at that time. Then he asked me to dub for Taapsee in Aadukalam. I guess he was pleased with the result because soon after, he offered me a role in his next film! Working with him is going to be challenging, but I'm really looking forward to it. I think he is one of the most talented, honest and disciplined men I've ever met!With the film touted to be on the lives of people who live in north Madras, do you think your westernised and elite Chennaiite look will suit the character? Vetri wouldn't have cast me if he didn't think I could pull it off. This role is very far from who I am as a person - not just in the way she looks, but in the way she thinks - and that's why it's so exciting. I have always shied away from stereotyped female roles in films, but people misconstrue that as a lack of interest in commercial cinema. As for my 'pucca elite' look, that's going into hibernation the moment I start shoot for Vada Chennai!Have you attended the workshop? I wasn't able to attend it because I was shooting in US for Viswaroopam. But Vetri has given me a character reference and I'm doing all I can to get into that zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11639508", "title": "Venkatesh\u2019s new film launch", "text": "Kick starting the day by heading to the launch of Venkatesh's new film with Tapsee were the bigwigs from the Tollyville.All eyes were on Tapsee as she walked in wearing an emerald green net sari that showed off her tattoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633981", "title": "Controller of examinations suspended for forged docus", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai has suspended Vilas Shinde, the controller of examination, for allegedly submitting forged documents to support his work experience. Shinde, who was elevated from the position of an assistant professor of mechanical engineering to the head of the examinations department at the university in early 2008, was asked to proceed on leave as an inquiry team has been set up to examine his documents.Shinde, who was recently attacked by volunteers of the Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena, the student wing of the MNS, said there was a \"deep conspiracy\" against him and he would now take legal recourse for justice.Shinde is the third officer to be suspended in the last four years; previously, two registrars - Jayant Dighe and K Venkatramani - were ousted over irregularities in conduct of senate election. Now, deputy registrar (administration) S M Suryavanshi has been temporarily asked to fill in for Shinde. The suspension order, passed on Tuesday, is silent on the varsity's next course of action.Shinde's appointment has been a bone of contention among certain members of the management council for close to a year now. The council recently asked the state to intervene and probe the matter.The state's inquiry report said that Shinde did not possess the 15 years of work experience required for the post; so, the two-member committee suggested that he be suspended. On its part, the university will set up a one-member committee comprising a retired judge to look into Shinde's appointment.Shinde, however, told this paper that he was never called with a copy of his original documents by any investigating committee. \"There has been no clarification sought from my end. I feel the university was pressurized by a select group of people,\" Shinde told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11639477", "title": "Anupam Kher's book reading session", "text": "Ladies from a popular club headed to a star hotel on Tuesday where actor Anupam Kher read excerpts from his book.The actor spoke to the gathering about how one could use the mirror to get rid of their shyness, while emphasizing on the point that laughing at ourselves can make way for positive energy. Also present at the event was actor Siddharth and former actor-turned-social activist Amala Akkineni, who held an interactive session with the ladies present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634540", "title": "Partial Metro services today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Metro stations in the central Delhi area will not be accessible between 6am and 12.30pm on Republic Day. While trains on line 2 (HUDA city centre-Jehangirpuri) and line 3 (Dwarka Sector 21-Noida/Vaishali) will be running as per normal schedule, stations on the corridors will remain closed for the duration, said Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) officials. The same applies to line 6 (Central Secretariat-Badarpur).Stations that will be closed between 6am and 12.30pm are Rajiv Chowk, Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan, Race Course, Khan Market, Barakhamba Road, Mandi House and Pragati Maidan. For commuters travelling on these corridors, Rajiv Chowk station can only be used for inter-change of passengers between line 2 and line 3, while Central Secretariat station can only be used for interchange of passengers between line 2 and line 6. \"The Metro trains will not stop at Patel Chowk, Udyog Bhawan and Race Course during this period,\" added the DMRC official.On the Dwarka line, trains will be run in three short loops on these corridors - between Noida City Centre to Indraprastha, Vaishali to Yamuna Bank and Dwarka Sector 21 to Rajiv Chowk. Revenue services will be available up to RK Ashram Marg only.On the Central Secretariat-Badarpur line, revenue services will be available from Badarpur to Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. Central Secretariat can be used only as an interchange with the Gurgaon line.Similar restrictions will be in place on January 29, the day for Beating Retreat. Metro services on HUDA city center to Jahangirpuri line and the Central Secretariat to Badarpur line will be curtailed from 3pm to 6.30pm. On line 2, the Central Secretariat and Udyog Bhawan stations will remain closed though interchange of passengers from line 2 to line 6 and vice versa will be allowed. On line 6, revenue services will be available only from Badarpur to Khan Market.In addition, all Metro parking lots will remain closed from 2pm on January 25 to 2pm on January 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11633309", "title": "86 Lohardaga motorcyclists without helmets arrested in joint traffic safety drive", "text": "LOHARDAGA: To check the growing number of road mishaps, the district police and the administration launched a joint traffic safety drive.On the first day, 86 bikers were caught without helmets and booked for violating traffic rules. All were fined Rs 500 by the district transport office.The drive was led by Town police station in-charge Patras Nag and district transport officer Omprakash Sah at Veer Shivaji Chowk.The drive was launched following orders of deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar and SP Jitendra Kumar Singh as they expressed concern over the rising death in road accidents. \"Helmets will save lives,\" said Nag adding such drives will continue on regular basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11633984", "title": "Padma Shri for HVPM chief Prabhakar Vaidya", "text": "AMRAVATI: This Republic Day would be doubly special for Amravati residents. The president of Hanuman Vyayam Prasarak Mandal (HVPM), Prabhakar Vaidya, has been bestowed with the prestigious Padma Shri award. It is after 53 years that an Amravati resident has been selected for one of country's highest civilian awards. The previous recipient from Amravati, Dr Shivaji Patwardhan, too served as HVPM president.Talking to TOI, the octogenarian Vaidya said that the award came as a surprise to him. \"It will inspire me to work harder for all sections of the society, especially distressed farmers in the region,\" he said.HVPM was founded by the Vaidya brothers -- Anant and Ambadas -- in 1914. When this club was founded, there was apathy for physical education. The Vaidya brothers wanted to link the movement of physical education with the freedom movement and modernize the traditional system of exercises. Today, the Mandal is recognized as a national institution.HVPM also started Shetkari Jagruti Abhyan for distressed farmers in suicide belt of Vidarbha. Vaidya said the Mandal will work for motivating distressed farmers and dissuading them from suicide. \"In coming years, HVPM will organize Shetkari Jagruti Abhyan for distressed farmers in Marathwada and AP,\" Vaidya said, adding that they will try to provide better education facilities and avenues for farmers' children, he said.Vaidya lamented that students from all over India come to HVPM but students from Vidarbha have no keenness. \"We will encourage students from the region to join armed services,\" Vaidya said.Vaidya's wife Sudha too was overwhelmed about her husband's award. \"No one who comes for help to him goes back empty-handed. Sometimes he may overlook domestic responsibilities but he never overlooked the Mandal. He has devoted his life for HVPM and credit of this award goes to all employees of HVPM,\" she said.The Mandal will celebrate its centenary in 2014 and organize a global conference on sports. Helpline, an organization started by HVPM, has worked for maintaining communal harmony in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "11640414", "title": "How cellphones are helping job agency in placements", "text": "TOKYO: Jobs are now just a phone away! A placement agency in Japan is using phone handsets' global positioning system to quickly match workers to temporary jobs, doing away with interviews and other formalities.The service provided by Tokyo-based firm LocationValue was launched in 2006. Job applicants are to send the company their resumes and make requests about the times of the day and workplaces where they want to work, the Kyodo news agency reported.The firm locates the applicants, using the global positioning systems built into their cellphones and promptly contacts prospective employers.Employers can view applicants' track records of work performances on LocationValue's phone site and dispense with face-to-face job interviews before landing capable workers.At present, an estimated 320,000 workers are registered with the company's service. While there are no registration fees, the company charges an employer 3,150 yen per hire.A 40-year-old housewife and mother of a grade school child from Saitama Prefecture, who has been placed in work through the phone-based placement service, said it enables her to be gainfully employed even though she has very limited spare time.She signed up a year ago for the service. As soon as she accesses a phone website called \"Otetsudai (help) Networks\" of the company, she gets an e-mail offering a job at a restaurant she can reach in less than an hour.Employers are also benefiting from the nimble placement service.\"It helps us reduce the risk of employing (surplus) permanent staff,\" said Nobuhiko Uchida, manager of Zawameki, a pub in Ginza, Tokyo .The service enables restaurants and convenience stores, for example, to hire workers on short notice while giving work opportunities to housewives and students who want to work short hours near their homes or places of study.The company now serves some 5,000 firms and other commercial establishments, many of which are convenience stores, department stores and moving companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635224", "title": "Plastic shortage hits corporation road-laying plan", "text": "CHENNAI: The corporation's plastic road project may soon hit a speed-breaker as it is unable to collect enough plastic from households. The civic body had installed special bins in all the 200 wards to collect plastic from residents, but the idea just doesn't seem to work. Corporation commissioner P W C Davidar said people are reluctant to segregate waste and give plastic to conservancy workers. The corporation is now planning to meet the demand by purchasing plastic from manufactures.\"Only a few residents segregate plastic waste. Public cooperation is important in such initiatives,\" said Davidar. The corporation had planned to collect plastic waste from residents for use in the bitumen mix for re-laying roads. Because of the dearth of locally sourced plastic, the civic body has started buying the material for road laying from the plastic manufacturers association at Rs 20 per kilo. Nearly a tonne of plastic is required for laying one kilometer of road.\"G Sankaran, president of the Chennai Plastic Manufacturers and Merchants Association said manufacturers have sold around 10 tonnes of plastic to road contractors. \"Though considered waste, the quality of plastics used in laying of roads is important. If plastic is not used properly, it can have adverse effects,\" he said. Mayor Saidai Duraisamy had recently said that all new road-laying will be done using plastic.According to the corporation plans, the 1,616 roads to be re-laid in 2011-2012 would have 10% plastic content. In February, the ministry of environment and forests issued a notification to all civic bodies in the country to use plastic in road re-laying. Chennai Corporation in its recent council meet allocated around Rs 50 crore for reducing plastic garbage load at dumpyards and improve the durability of bitumen roads. Officials point to a stretch of road near Jambulingam Street, Nungambakkam as an example of durability because of plastic content. Re-laid seven years ago, the stretch has withstood several monsoons and heavy traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633488", "title": "Girl's body found under Dhakuria bridge", "text": "KOLKATA: The body of a young girl stuffed in a jute bag was found under Dhakuria flyover, popularly called the Dhakuria bridge, on Wednesday afternoon.Rag-pickers got a foul smell and traced it to the bag that had been dumped beside a KMC vat. They brought it to the notice of locals. \"Street dogs were trying to open it,\" said a local resident. Taking no risk, locals informed the Lake police station, who found the decomposed body inside the bag.After preliminary probe, police said the girl was in her teens. Her legs and hands had been tied and she was wearing a saree. Police are yet identify the victim. They said the girl was possibly murdered elsewhere and the body then dumped beside the vat.\"The body seems to have been dumped sometime in the afternoon when the area remains less crowded. Had it been dumped earlier, the KMC's conservancy employees who had gone to clean the vat would have spotted the body earlier,\" pointed out an officer.Police could not confirm whether the girl had been sexually assaulted because they could not spot any external injury marks. The cause of death will be clear only after postmortem, they said. They are talking to local shopkeepers to find out if they can get some lead about the people who dumped the body. Sources claimed some locals had spotted two persons drop the sack from a taxi.On Tuesday, railway police recovered the decomposed body of a nine-year-old girl in a jute bag that had been dumped in front of the ticket booking counter of Park Circus station. After postmortem, police confirmed that the girl was murdered but are yet to identify her. Investigators from Kolkata Police may contact railway police to get more details about the case that can also provide some important clue in the present case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634484", "title": "Goa marks National voters' day", "text": "PANAJI: Over 20,000 new electoral photo-identity cards (Epic) were sought to be distributed to new and young eligible voters in Goa on the occasion of National Voters' Day on Wednesday.While the main function of National Voters' Day was celebrated at the state museum at Patto, Panaji, similar functions were held at the district-level, institution-level and even booth level at various places in Goa.Durga Prasad, nodal officer for the 'systematic voters' education for electoral participation (SVEEP) said that National Voters' Day is celebrated to commemorate the establishment of the election commission of India on January 25, 1950. After completion of 60 years, the government of India declared January 25 as National Voters' Day. The first such celebration was held in 2011.Wednesday's function is only the second such celebration. The main objective is to felicitate newly enrolled young voters in the age group of 18 to 19 by providing them the Epics and a badge with the slogan \"Proud to be a voter-Ready to vote\" and administering the oath to them.The aim of the celebrations, upto the booth level, is the maximization of enrollment of young voters in the age group of 18 and 19. But since Goa is a poll-going state, a special campaign was held from January 2 to January 12 to enroll left-out young voters by giving wide publicity to raise awareness among electors through NSS, Nehru Yuvak Kendra, booth level officers and print and electronic media.The campaign enabled the election authorities in Goa to bring 74.2% of the eligible voters in the age group of 18 to 19 under the Epic coverage. The remaining youth will be covered during the continuous updation of the rolls.The chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava was the chief guest at the state level function held at the state museum, Patto, Panaji, while the state election commissioner M Modassir was the guest of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11635997", "title": "At 69, he still 'shuttles' between home and stadium", "text": "HYDERABAD: At 69, Syed Mohammed Arif still nourishes the dream of producing a world badminton champion from India. In fact, he came closer last year when his ward Jwala Gutta collected bronze in women's doubles at the world meet.Undying passion for the game, tireless unselfish work, unmatchable commitment which helps him defy the age and the abundance of talent prompted the government to honour this age-old worse with the prestigious Padma Shri award four days from his 69th birthday (Jan 29).Smiling effervescently as usual at his ancestral home located in the bylanes of old city, Arif said that he is excited to be honoured by the government. Awards are not new to him. He was honoured with the Dronacharya in 2000 and had also received a meritorious certificate award from the Badminton World Federation. But the former chief coach of Indian badminton, who played a great role in shaping up the careers of Pullela Gopichand and Jwala Gutta, is still yearning for more.\"I was very excited but not surprised. I know my name has been recommended a couple of months back. I am a firm believer of God almighty and have immense faith in the belief that when the time comes nothing can stop us from being honoured or rewarded,\" Arif said, adding that this award motivates him to do more for the sport.\"I want to do more for the game of badminton. I want to produce a world badminton champion. Hopefully, I would realise that dream soon,\" he added.Arif, had, in fact retired from active coaching in 2004. But the great coach was forced out of retirement in 2006. Jwala Gutta and Chetan Anand requested Arif to come out of retirement and Jwala's father Gutta Kranti managed to convince Arif through the then chairman of Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh MS Raj Thakur.\"The SAAP chairman and my children (Jwala and others) requested me. How can I refuse them. Moreover, I realised that there are so many trainees who are in need of a coach. But I have enjoyed every moment after coming back. In fact it's helping me to stay away from the doctor,\" he said.If there is one coach who is working for free it is Arif. The selfless man travels about 15 kilometres in the busy lanes of the city to train about 100-odd youngsters every day. Surprisingly, he doesn't receive a single pie from any of them or from the government.Chief coach of the Indian team, Pullela Gopichand said that Arif is the most deserving candidate for the award. \"For the contribution he made to the sport of badminton and the way he put Andhra Pradesh on the national sports map he is the most deserving person to be honoured. We are all very happy for him,\" Gopi said.Jwala thinks Arif should have received this honour about ten years back. \"I am very very happy for him. I think he should have got this award a decade back. He is largely responsible for shaping up my career and more importantly my personality. I think he's the only coach who is working without receiving a single paisa or favour from anyone. Even now I fear him a lot,\" Jwala said.Arif in turn said that Jwala needs to be pushed hard and there is no one better than him to do that. \"I think Jwala is a sort of player who needs to be pushed hard. Having trained her since her childhood there's no better person than me to do that,\" he said adding that Indian shuttlers have a good chance of winning medals at the Olympics.\"I think with a favourable draw our shuttlers have a good chance of winning medals in the 2012 London Olympic Games. Saina is playing well and our mixed doubles and women's doubles teams are beating all the top teams. I am confident they will definitely win medals this time,\" Arif said.Crediting Gopichand for providing more international exposure to Indian shuttlers, Arif said he is expecting more from the present lot. \"Never in the history of Indian sports, our shuttlers got so much of international exposure. But I am expecting more success from them. I know it would take some time from this batch to excel at international level,\" he said.The former NIS coach dedicated his award to his 90-year-old mother, wife and all his disciples who brought laurels to the state and the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635818", "title": "Was Bhatkal the bomber? Sleuths spar", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day in which certain sections in the Maharashtra ATS claimed that Naquee Ahmed might well be the third bomber who placed a bomb at Dadar on July 13 last year, it seems that investigators also disagree on the identity of those behind the Pune German bakery blast and the Jama Masjid attack.While the Delhi Police believe that Yasin Bhatkal, the IM India operation head, himself placed bombs at these two places in 2008, the Mumbai ATS believes that he simply oversaw the operation and that it was his cadres who actually planted the bombs.Maharashtra ATS has claimed that in the Pune German Bakery blast case, Himayat Baig had placed a bag containing explosives inside the bakery while Yasin monitored the situation from outside. Similarly, arrested IM member Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui has told cops that while doing a recce at Dagduseth Halwai Ganpati mandal in Pune (where a blast did not take place), Yasin had asked him to place a bag during a dry run of the blast while he waited outside.A joint team of Delhi Police, Special Cell and Crime Branch, however have arrived at a separate conclusion as to how events unfolded and claim to know the exact role each member of the IM module played in the Pune German Bakery blast that claimed 17 lives.According to sources, the main plan was hatched in Karachi though each of the operatives met up in Pune. It was a month long schedule and involved several rounds of recees including those at the German Bakery, the Osho Ashram and the Chabad house.Meanwhile, sources claimed the Mumbai ATS has summoned accused Nauqee's brother, Taquee, to Mumbai on Friday for \"further questioning.\" Taquee claimed two of his brothers are already virtually under house arrest by the Mumbai ATS.\"I have produced a detailed medical report stating that I cannot go to Mumbai as I am not keeping well,\" Taquee told TOI. The ATS could not be contacted on their next course of action but sources indicated that they might send a team to Shaheen Bagh again for a fresh round of questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11637658", "title": "Abhishek Bachchan: The real player", "text": "With Abbas-Mustan's Players failing to rake in the expected profits, the actor forfeited his balance remuneration of Rs 2.8 crThe source explained, \"Abhishek was very excited about working in Players. His only prerequisite to sign the film was that it be shot in a grand fashion as he is a huge fan of the original Hollywood film, The Italian Job. Everybody knows that all the investors recovered their money from the film, but it fell short of public expectation. Abhishek who has a promising year ahead with Bol Bachchan, Dhoom 3 and Dostana 2 in the pipeline, wanted to cut the producers some slack because he was happy with the way the film was shot.\"Although Abhishek and Viacom 18 remained unavailable for comment, Mustan Burmawala of the director duo Abbas-Mustan said, \"Yes, it is true. It is an amazing gesture on Abhishek's part. During the schedule in Russia , Abhishek had promised us that he would do everything in his capacity for the film. And he has certainly kept his word.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11636012", "title": "This 'Muni's goal is to reach out to the poor", "text": "HYDERABAD: G Muniratnam, the founder member of an NGO Rashtriya Seva Samithi (RASS), is among the two persons from the state to be awarded the Padma Shri this year. The 76-year-old general secretary of RASS has been recognized for his social work.Based in Tirupati, Rashtriya Seva Samithi was founded by Muniratnam in 1981 and is a voluntary developmental and service organization working for the welfare of the weaker sections, women , children, physically handicapped and the old in Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Orissa and Delhi.According to the Rashtriya Seva Samithi website, Muniratnam was instrumental in mobilizing Rs 12 crore from the ministry of rural development for the construction of sub-surface dams across the Swarnamukhi river near Tirupati.Muniratnam is also credited with being responsible for the establishment of 309 creches for children in the age group of 0-6 years as well as 600 early childhood education centres (for children in the age group 3-6) in the backward Rayalaseema region covering 27,000 children annually.Maniratnam coordinates and monitors various developmental and social welfare activities being carried out by RASS in more than 3,500 villages in AP, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Kerala and Pondicherry. Having a staff and volunteer strength of about 1,500 people, RASS gets an annual funding of Rs six crore.Reacting to the announcement of the Padma Shri by the Centre on Wednesday, Muniratnam credited his success to the band of dedicated volunteers who carry out his work. \"This is the fifth prestigious award I got from government. My goal to reach out to the poor is achieved only because of them,\" he told TOI. The Padma awards will be presented by the President of India sometime in March-April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11640123", "title": "Leona Lewis angry over song leak", "text": "British singer Leona Lewis is fuming after one of her unreleased songs is leaked online.The \"Bleeding Love hitmaker\" is set to release her third album, Glassheart, in March this year and was upset to learn a track had been posted online without her consent, reports contactmusic.com.In a series of posts on micro-blogging site Twitter, she writes, \"I'm sad that one of my songs leaked. As an artist that holds music dear to my heart I would've liked to share it with u (sic) when it's ready.\"\"I hope that you feel it like I do and when it's time to be released you'll still support it in the right way. Thank u (sic) for the love,\" she further posted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11633750", "title": "IMC to construct link roads for smooth traffic", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation has decided to construct several link roads that would connect to main roads in the city, in a bid to decongest traffic from the main roads. The project estimated at Rs 140 crore is likely to be completed in two phases.Construction is expected to begin soon.Interestingly, IMC had fixed an offset price for the roads at Rs 75 crore in each phase but they negotiated the tenders at Rs 69 crores each thus saving about Rs 12 crore.The in-charge of public works department (PWD) Jawahar Mangwani said the construction of link roads would help regulate the traffic flow and improve the connectivity within the city.The first phase will have 17 roads including Patrakar Square to By-pass Road, GPO to Sarvate bus stand, Agrasen Square to Gadi Adda, Sarvate Bus stand to Loha Mandi, Chhatripuri to Tori Corner, Shilwatpura to Gangwal bus stand and Jairampur Colony to Dargah Square via Chhatri.The second phase will include roads from Footi Kothi to Ring Road to CAT, Bada Ganpati to Gomatgiri, Scheme no. 51 to Tigriya Badshah, Kailash Marg to Panchkuya, Rajkumar railway bridge to Shivaji Nagar and Narayan Kothi to MIG.Besides construction of link roads, the civic body is also improving the condition of city roads in three phases at the cost of Rs 8 crore, Mangwani added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634556", "title": "BSP seeking a comeback, to contest all seats", "text": "NAGPUR: Nearly a decade ago, Bahujan Samaj Party came to the city with a bang. It quickly took up the political space available after Republican Party of India got fragmented and its various factions fought each to decimation. Those days Behn Mayawati, now the powerful CM of UP, was a frequent visitor to the city and her public rallies were a huge draw.No wonder that the BSP won nine seats in the 2002 NMC polls. In fact, the party was so upbeat then that it asked the Congress to accept a BSP person as mayor if it wanted the party's support in post-poll alliance. When the Congress turned down that request, BSP went in neutral mode neither supporting the Congress nor joining the BJP-led opposition in civic body.In 2004, the party went all guns firing in Maharashtra assembly elections contesting most of the 288 seats on its own. That it failed to even open its account, is another story. But the BSP 'elephant' did spoil the chances of Congress-NCP candidates in quite a few seats. In the last five years, Mayawati is perhaps so engrossed in consolidating 'elephant' in her own state that she has spared little time and resources for the city. This led to the party's decline and in 2007 elections its tally in NMC came down to four. Later, a large number of office bearers in the state were summarily removed and the jumbo almost went into hibernation.\"We may be down but not out,\" claimed new district president of BSP Vinod Patil. Talking to TOI, he said the party had reorganized quite fast in recent months and the response from ticket seekers was overwhelming. \"We are in final process of selecting candidates. The demand for tickets is maximum in North and South segments. We are confident of finding enough candidates from all communities, including Brahmins and Muslims to field in all civic wards. Maybe in some pockets of west and south-west, where we have no presence, we will skip some seats. Our target is to win at least 20 seats this time,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634638", "title": "Road works in other areas too of suspicious quality", "text": "NAGPUR: Majority of the road works completed in other areas are too of suspicious quality raising serious question on the life of the road and also financial loss to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Meanwhile, the work on South Ambazari road has been halted for further inspection after being noticed as sub-standard quality.NMC has undertaken the road works worth Rs 32 crore from last three weeks. Few works have been completed while the remaining either underway or to begin in coming days. The completed works are already in controversy with sub-standard quality of work noticed on South Ambazari road from Deekshabhoomi to Mate square and Mate square to Hingna T-Point on Monday and Tuesday.A visit to few of the roads completed repairing work before few days has raised several questions. Without giving to any contractor, NMC itself has done patch work between Ramnagar square and Ravi Nagar square. The width of the tar is not at all of 1 to 3 inch as per specification of road works. Besides, the patch work has not done on entire stretch thus triggering early damage as surface layer develops cracks where the new work is finished. For example, the condition of the center portion of the road from Hislop college to MLA Hostel square to Law College square is very bad due to the same problem.The road work completed in Gandhinagar seems to be satisfactory as far as quality is concerned. But the side shoulders has been left without pressing it properly again triggering early damage. Besides, the residents will have to face problems while going on or coming down from the road as the side shoulders are 3 inch high.\"Side shoulders should be leveled with surface by filling material mixed with sand. The work is not part of the tar road work. NMC should concentrate on this part as the life of the road will increase if side shoulders are leveled with surface-level,\" said an official.The patch work done between Amravati road and entrance of Tilak Nagar is also of sub-standard quality. The material is coming off and spreading on the entire road. Meanwhile, chief engineer AN Shambarkar has continued to inspect the roads.Meanwhile, executive engineer GD Jambhulkar has also stopped the work on Mate square to Subhash Nagar T-Point following sub-standard quality of work. \"Work will be resumed only after inspection. Specific instructions will be given to the contractor to ensure quality work,\" he said. On Tuesday, Jambhulkar had stopped the work on Mate square to Deekshabhoomi and directed to remove the completed patch work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11633460", "title": "Pipili gang rape victim stable: SCB", "text": "CUTTACK: The condition of Pipili gang rape victim is stable, the SCB Medical College and Hospital authorities told the Orissa high court on Wednesday. In a status report on the health of the 19-year-old victim, they said her blood pressure was normal and all her vital organs stable.The report stated that the hospital has started allied treatment procedures like music therapy and sleep disorder treatment for the victim's recovery. A music therapy specialist, Dr Lakshmidhar Roul, and sleep disorder specialist from VSS Medical College and Hospital have been roped in for the victim's treatment.The hospital authorities are regularly taking the advice of neurologists from AIIMS through video conferencing and treating the patient accordingly. The hospital authorities also informed the court that noted neurologist Dr Bhawani Shankar Das has said that the girl's recovery is slow because she is suffering from irreversible brain damage. The neurologist has also stated that the extent and time of recovery of the patient cannot be predicted.Similarly, the crime branch also submitted a status report on the investigation before the division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra. It informed the court that all four accused have been arrested and lodged in Nimapada jail. Also, the polygraph test of the main accused, Prasant Pradhan alias Pasei, has been conducted.\"The high court has adjourned hearing of the case to February 7 and directed the SCB hospital authorities and crime branch to file status report on that day,\" said petitioner Prabir Das.Meanwhile, two PILs were filed in the high court on Wednesday seeking CBI probe into the incident. One of the PILs has been filed by Congress leader and former MLA of Pipili Yudhistir Samantray and while the second one has been filed by a social organization, Nationalist Lawyers' Forum.Samantray has alleged that judicial inquiry ordered by the state government is just an \"eye-wash\"and demanded a CBI inquiry into the entire incident. He has also prayed for a compensation of Rs 20 lakh for the victim. The petitioner has also demanded stringent action against the erring government officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635601", "title": "Patient with deadly TB strain tests positive for HIV", "text": "A patient with extra-extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XXDR TB) has tested positive for HIV. Public health experts say the coming together of the two dreaded infections is worrying. Fourteen XXDR TB cases have been detected in the state so far.State government officials and the Mumbai District AIDS Control Society (MDACS) are tight-lipped about the co-infection case. A source said: \"The patient is yet to be started on antiretroviral therapy (ART) for HIV infection. Such patients are usually treated for TB at the beginning. Once they stabilize, ART is started.\"TB is the commonest HIV-related opportunistic infection. An expert summed up the deadly nature of the combined infection saying that when HIV brings down immunity, TB catches up. \"The two need to be dealt with in a synchronized manner. Efforts and the machinery to integrate the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP) with the HIV programme need to be strengthened.\"As per norm, patients received by registered TB centres are counselled to go for HIV testing and vice versa. Since HIV testing is voluntary, many give it a miss. Doctors say TB patients are often not counselled enough to understand the importance of HIV testing.According to data compiled by the Maharashtra State AIDS Control Society (MSACS), out of 1.01 lakh registered TB patients, only 40,202, or 39%, were referred to Integrated Counselling and Testing Centres (ICTCs) for HIV testing in 2011 till September. Among them, 1,678 patients tested positive for HIV. In Mumbai, the prevalence of HIV among TB patients is 7-8%.Dr S S Kudalkar of MDACS said mortality among patients suffering from both infections has halved in recent years. \"Till a few years ago, the mortality rate (among HIV-TB co-infection patients) was around 8%. Now it is 4%.\"He said HIV patients with TB \"probably have a higher risk of recurrence and death\". \"At no point can these patients afford to discontinue their treatments as that could give rise to (drug) resistance.\"A chest specialist said HIV clubbed with resistant TB may be tricky, but not impossible to manage. \"Yes, drug interactions (in such a patient) can have more side effects, but it can be handled if the patient comes in at an early stage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11633361", "title": "CA students' meet on Saturday on crucial acts", "text": "RANCHI: The Central India Charted Accountant Students' Association is organizing a two-day conference on Saturday for its members where they will discuss the Right to Information Act, Information Technology Act and Direct Tax Code. None of these acts is covered in the syllabus of CA but are used widely in everyday work.The two-day conference will be inaugurated here on Saturday by Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) finance director A Chatterjee. Around 350 aspiring students from Jharkhand and neighbouring states will take part in the conference.Its organizing committee member Vinay Vibhakar said that in the syllabus for CA, these acts are not included but in everyday affairs, a professional needs to have thorough information. \"We want to make the students aware of these acts while they are still studying so that they don't face any problem or make mistake and land in trouble,\" said Vibhakar, who himself is a qualified CA.Experts from all over the country will also inform the students about time management, practical aspects of assessment procedure and proposed code of conduct for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11635223", "title": "1,380 turtles recovered in Saifai", "text": "KANPUR: The police on Wednesday seized nearly 1,380 rare turtles from a truck in Saifai on Wednesday. The turtles, neatly packed in 47 sacks, were found loaded in a truck (UP-75-J-9994) belonging to Khurshid Alam of Etawah. Some of the reptiles were in critical condition.This is the second major seizure in the region in less than a month's time. Around 4,000 turtles were seized from a truck in Auraiyya district on January 9. The breakthrough came after a police team conducting check near Saifai police station in Etawah district came across a truck whose driver tried to speed away when asked to stop.A police team headed by SO Ishwar Singh, however, managed to overtake the vehicle and apprehended the driver and three other occupants of the truck. Police said the turtles, worth several lakhs of rupees, were been taken to Vangaon in Uttar Pargana district of West Bengal. The region has been in the news with many such seizures of turtles in the last few years.The four arrested persons have been identified as Seedum Das, truck driver Khurshid Alam, Kallu and Bhoorey, all residents of Etawah.\"They have been taken into custody and are being questioned,\" Etawah SP Rajesh Modak told TOI. \"We suspect that the rare aquatic animals were being smuggled to West Bengal from Etawah and a big gang of poachers is behind the racket,\" he added. Schedule I category of the Wildlife Protection Act involves maximum punishment.\"The turtles - of three different species, including Indian flap-shelled turtle (Lissemys punctata) and Aspideretes gangeticus, both listed as the Indian Softshelled Turtle, in Schedule I category and Chitra Indica, protected species under Schedule IV category - were handed over to the district forest department.\"The arrest would surely expose the racket in turtle smuggling. We are also trying to verify the smuggling route and the purpose of the smuggling. Usually, more than being used for its shell, these turtles are in demand for their meat and for manufacturing herbal products,\" said, Dr Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635183", "title": "Mullaperiyar dam panel to meet again on February 15", "text": "CHENNAI: The Supreme Court-appointed empowered committee on Mullaperiyar dam, which concluded its twoday deliberations in New Delhi on Wednesday, will meet again on February 15. The committee, headed by former Chief Justice of India A S Anand, and comprising five members, including representatives from Tamil Nadu and Kerala, hopes to arrive at an \"unanimous conclusion\" on the contentious dam dispute between the two states in its report to the Supreme Court. The panel's report will decide the fate of the 116-year-old dam, dispute over which flared up again in recent days threatening to strain relations between Tamil Nadu and Kerala.\"We could not complete the report after the two-day session and sitting for another day was causing inconvenience for members. Therefore, we decided to meet again on February 15,\" Kerala representative in the panel, K T Thomas, told TOI. \"As the committee's term ends on February 29, we want to complete the final report and submit to the Supreme Court before that,\" he said. The committee has assigned each member \"a certain task\" for the final preparation of the report. \"The final report will be unanimous,\" Thomas said.The five-member committee has former Supreme Court judges A R Lakshmanan and Thomas representing Tamil Nadu and Kerala, besides former chairperson of the Central Water Commission, C K Thatte, and a former engineer of the Central Public Works department, D K Mehta as technical members. Members discussed at length the report submitted by the technical team which concluded that the dam was safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635103", "title": "Mathkari not to contest civic polls", "text": "PUNE: Vikas Mathkari, the city unit chief of the BJP, has decided not to contest the civic elections scheduled for February 16.\"I am the city unit chief. I have a larger responsibility of the city. So I have decided not to contest the elections,\" Mathkari told reporters here on Wednesday.Mathakari said that almost all the seats in the BJP-Shiv Sena-RPI alliance have been finalized. The names will be announced in a couple of days. The Republican Party of India will be given 15 seats, eight from the BJP's quota and seven from the Shiv Sena. \"The alliance is open for discussion on whether to given more seats to RPI,\" he added.Asked what stand the BJP will take if some dejected members of the Shiv Sena contest friendly fights with the BJP, Mathkari said, \"I can't say anything about them.\"Mathkari said that, as the city unit chief the party has given him right to take action against BJP workers who rebel and contest the election against alliance candidates. \"These workers can be suspended from the party within 24 hours,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633363", "title": "Parallel data collection to solve UID row", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA's ambitious project to give unique identity number to all 1.2-billion residents has survived, with the government deciding that Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) will continue the enrollment along with the home ministry-controlled Registrar General of India (RGI).The parallel enumeration exercises emerged as the solution at a meeting called by the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday to thrash out the differences between the Planning Commission and UIADAI and the ministry of home affairs. The dispute arising from home ministry's concerns about the authenticity of UIADAI enrolment procedure and the fear that it could lead illegal residents to claim citizenship had held up the implementation of the UID project which is meant to plug the loopholes in the delivery of subsidies.The formula is devised at balancing the home ministry's concerns about the security fallout and integrity of data, with Congress leadership's anxiety to check pilferage in welfare schemes whose size keeps increasing.\"Both will have the mandate to cover 600 million each and will share the biometric details,\" sources said. It was also agreed upon that UIDAI and RGI will address the concerns raised by making changes in enrollment guidelines - process and procedures for collecting and capturing biometric data.Sources said UIDAI will continue enrollment in 13 states in which it has started the process and National Population Register (NPR) project will collect data in other states.\"I think we have come to an agreement on how both the projects can proceed together without any difficulty,\" deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia told reporters.He was hopeful that Friday's meeting would resolve the issue. \"I think that there is agreement that both the projects can move ahead and ways can be found that will avoid avoidable duplication. That was the key issue,\" he added.The contentious issues threatening the UID project were sorted out at an \"informal\" meeting of Cabinet colleagues Pranab Mukherjee and P Chidambaram, also attended by Ahluwalia and UIDAI chief Nandan Nilekani , but the formal announcement is expected on Friday.The Plan panel is preparing a supplementary note for cabinet committee on UID for the Friday's meeting.The PM's pet scheme was mired in controversy after RGI refused to share biometric data collected by the Authority, citing security concerns. Also, the UIDAI's mandate of giving unique numbers to 20 crore residents is coming to an end by March 31, and the Cabinet approval is needed to extend the mandate beyond that figure.The home ministry's objections were that the data collected by the Authority was not secure as it is not verified by a government employee.But, the Planning Commission was arguing that the UID project with development objective can go along with NPR's national security, but the finance ministry was opposed to any duplication and was pressing for mutual data sharing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634024", "title": "Cong's first list of candidates for AMC polls out", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee on Tuesday night declared its first list of 78 candidates who will contest in the Amravati Municipal Corporation elections slated for February 16.Congress has joined hands with Prakash Ambedkar-led Bharatiya Republican Party-Bahujan Mahasangh and People's Republican Party led by Jogendra Jawade. Congress has given six seats to BRP-BMS and two to PRP candidates, while seven sitting corpoators have also been given tickets.Other political parties are yet to finalize their alliances and seat-sharing formulas for the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11633724", "title": "Security tightened ahead of Republic Day celebrations", "text": "KORAPUT: Security was beefed up ahead of Republic Day celebrations in Maoist-hit districts of south Odisha. \"Though the situation is under control, the Maoists might try to create disturbance during the celebrations and we don't want to take any chance. Police are on high alert and inter-state borders have been sealed to stop influx of Red rebels into the state,\" said DIG (south-west range) Soumendra Priyadarshi.Counter insurgency operations have been intensified and several platoons of BSF, CRPF, SOG, OSAP, IRB and Odisha Police deployed at strategic locations. Forces are also guarding waterways that the Maoists might use to enter Malkangiri from Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh.Though the Maoists have not put up posters and banners against the Republic Day celebrations, police have pulled up their socks. \"Cops are ready to counter any situation,\" said SP (Koraput) Anup Kumar Sahoo.Sahoo's counterpart in Rayagada Anup Krishna said, \"We are doing everything to ensure safe celebrations.\" He denied reports of threat of possible Maoist attack.In recent times, the Left-wing ultras have killed two persons in Koraput and one in Malkangiri on charges of being police informers. Last week, a Maoist leader was killed in a fierce gunbattle between security personnel and Maoists in a Rayagada forest.Security personnel have confiscated huge quantities of arms and explosives from Malkangiri and Koraput districts during raids on Maoists hideouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634932", "title": "States with nuclear installations asked to prepare emergency planning zones", "text": "NEW DELHI: With memories of Japan's Fukushima nuclear disaster last year still fresh, the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) on Wednesday asked all the six states having nuclear installations to prepare plans for development of emergency planning zone in 16-km radius around these plants.After meeting Rajya Sabha MP Sitaram Yechury at the NDMA headquarters, vice president of the Authority M Shashidhar Reddy said it has asked all the state government having nuclear installation to come up with a development plan covering all the villages and habitations falling under the Emergency Planning Zone.Yechury had gone to meet Reddy to discuss the issue for development of infrastructure in and around the Kaiga nuclear plant in Karnataka.A statement from NDMA said that the Authority had carried out mock exercises last year to look at the off-site nuclear emergency plans as part of its initiatives of enhanced preparedness in the country in the wake of the Fukushima experience.After the exercise it was decided that a development plan covering all the villages and habitations falling under the 16-km radius of the plant must be developed.\"On the basis of this, the government of Karnataka has prepared a proposal for upgrading the infrastructure around the Kaiga Atomic Power Plant,\" it said.\"Reddy explained that people living in the 1.6-km sterile zone have been rehabilitated and in the exclusion zone covering 5-km radius, there are restrictions on development but people are generally not rehabilitated,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634880", "title": "Abu Salem extradition case: Govt to approach Portugal court soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will be approaching the Constitutional Court of Portugal in a day or two in the Abu Salem extradition case, which was recently terminated by Portuguese Supreme Court, as the CBI has sent a proposal to the ministry of home affairs. The ministry cleared the proposal following the agency's clarification that there was no violation of 'Rule of Speciality' regarding underworld don Salem's extradition. Officials said that Portugese courts have interpreted the 'Rule of Speciality differently.The Supreme Court of Portugal had recently rejected India's appeal and upheld the decision of a HC of that country terminating the extradition of Salem as he had filed a petition there on the grounds that \"by slapping new charges under MCOCA, which attracted death penalty, there was breach of deportation rules and Rule of Speciality\".Salem (46), a key accused in 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, and his girl friend Monica Bedi were extradited to India on November 11, 2005, after a three-year-long legal process in Portugal. The extradition of Salem, who was also wanted in various cases including the murder of noted film producer Gulshan Kumar, came after an assurance by the Indian government to Portugal that he would not be given death penalty, a key requirement for extradition from European countries. The Delhi and Mumbai Police forces, however, slapped charges which attracted death penalty, leaving the government and the CBI red-faced. The Delhi Police had then moved the Delhi HC seeking withdrawal of MCOCA charges against Salem.CBI had recently said that the decision of Portugal Supreme Court will not affect his status or the trial in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11642263", "title": "Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa sacks two ministers", "text": "CHENNAI: In the fifth cabinet reshuffle in seven months since returning to power, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa today sacked two Ministers and inducted an equal number.The axe fell on School Education Minister S S Krishnamoorthy and Revenue Minister S P Velumani barely a week after their portfolios were changed.N R Sivapathy and N Subramanian have made it to the cabinet.Sivapathy makes a comeback month after he was removed and now gets School Education and Youth Welfare departments.Subramanian has been allocated Information Technology, divested from K A Sengottaiyan who has now been put incharge of Revenue portfolio.Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah has accepted the \"advice\" of Jayalalithaa to drop the two ministers, a Raj Bhavan communique said tonight.The new inductees would be sworn in tomorrow, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11635122", "title": "Shiv Sena, BJP seat-sharing talks begin in Mumbai", "text": "NASHIK: The much awaited meeting of Shiv Sena and BJP leaders to discuss the seat sharing adjustment for the ensuing elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation finally started on Wednesday in Mumbai, with both sides favouring a pre-poll alliance.Leaders from both parties told TOI that a series of meetings was in progress in Mumbai with senior leaders of both parties in attendance. \"The meeting, held in Mumbai, was positive. However, we have still not reached a consensus over seat adjustment. A decision in this regard is expected to be taken by Thursday,\" Nashik city BJP chief Laxman Savaji said.\"We had two rounds of talks with BJP leaders on Wednesday. A discussion was held over the seat sharing formula we had adopted last election, but we have still not reached a consensus on seat sharing,\" said Nashik city Shiv Sena chief Arjun Tile.BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar, state joint organizing secretary Dr Rajendra Phadke and Savaji represented the BJP, while senior Shiv Sena leader Subhash Desai, Tile, district chief Sunil Bagul and Ajay Boraste held talks on behalf of the Sena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11634894", "title": "Toddler falls to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A toddler fell to her death from the second floor of an apartment complex at Tiruvottiyur on Wednesday.Police said the incident took place around 12.30pm when one-and-a-half-year-old S Pooja was having lunch on the second-floor landing in front of the flat in Vasantham Nagar.The landing had a twoand-a-half-foot parapet and iron railings running up to the ceiling. The grandmother had gone into the house to get more food when the girl is believed to have climbed over the parapet and slipped through the iron railings. Pooja, who suffered serious injuries, was taken to a private hospital in Tondiarpet and later shifted to a branch on Greams Road, where she died.Pooja's parents Suresh Kumar and Nithya work as software engineers at a private firm in Nungambakkam. Tiruvottiyur police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11638108", "title": "Republic day celebrated in Manipur amid tight security", "text": "IMPHAL: Republic Day was celebrated amid tight security in Manipur in the backdrop of a boycott call given by major insurgent outfits today.Governor Gurbachan Jagat unfurled the national flag and took salute from the participants in the march past at Kangla here.Despite massive security arrangements, a powerful bomb was exploded by suspected militants in the capital complex this morning , but none was injured.Normal life has been affected in the state due to the boycott call by major insurgent organisations, including United National Liberation Front and Revolutionary People's Front, official sources said.Police patrol was intensified throughout the state especially in the in Valley districts of Imphal East, Imphal West, Bishnupur and Thoubal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634813", "title": "GU defends Ketan Desai's election to senate in SC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University has defended tainted former MCI chief Dr Ketan Desai's election to its senate before the Supreme Court by stating that he was well qualified to become a member in the respective category he has been elected after the controversy that took place last year.The university's in-charge registrar Minesh Shah responded by filing an affidavit to a public interest litigation filed by Desai's critic and president of NGO People for Better Treatment (PBT) Dr Kunal Saha. After Gujarat high court dismissed Saha's PIL and fined him with Rs 10,000 for coming up with frivolous litigation, the NRI moved the apex court challenging Desai's election to Gujarat University's 142-member senate.Justifying Desai's candidature and his ultimate uncontested election to senate, GU stated that Desai had been on the roll of Registered Graduates - Medicine for the last 10 years. GU also contended that when nominations forms for election were scrutinized, no candidate or voter had challenged his candidature or election.Since Desai has not been elected to senate in the constituency of 'Registered Medical Practitioner', the petitioner's contentions that he should be debarred from practice and the alleged non-action on part of Gujarat Medical Council to suspend his medical license are not sufficient. Moreover, for being eligible to contest election in the constituency of \"Registered Graduates - Medicine\", the candidate should be a graduate in medicine from Gujarat University in terms of Section 16(1)(A)(v) of the Act and should have paid the fee of Rs 5 (now enhanced to Rs 25) for enrolment for a period of 5 years. Desai was qualified in this category, the affidavit said.After making the eligibility criteria clear, GU has claimed that the petitioner's contentions and the grounds put forth are misconceived and incorrect. The petition is not maintainable and should be rejected, the university submitted, and also questioned Saha's motive behind the litigation while he is sitting in Ohio in the US.Further hearing on this issue is kept on February 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11640161", "title": "Nagpur court allows release of Agneepath with truncated song", "text": "Giving a partial relief to Dharma Productions and film-maker Karan Johar , a court here allowed them to release Hrithik Roshan-starrer film 'Agneepath' after truncating a disputed song. The film released today.The court, in the order yesterday, also asked the producers to deposit Rs 25 lakh by Monday. Aditya Salankar, a city-based engineer, has filed a petition in the District Court here, saying that a song written, set to the tune, and recorded by him, with a copyright in his name since March 2009, has been used in the film without his permission. Additional District Sessions Judge, P V Ganediwala, had earlier restrained the producers from releasing the film with the song \" Oh Saiyyan\". Yesterday, as producers appeared in the court, the Judge said they would have to deposit Rs 25 lakh during the pendency of the case, and the film can be released only with a portion of the song. Court also appointed a city lawyer as mediator to resolve the issue. Film's music composers, Ajay-Atul, too appeared before the court yesterday, along with the Sony Music team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11635058", "title": "Kids learn about printing industry", "text": "LUDHIANA: Print Chetna, an initiative of Offset Printers' Association (OPA) under which they are spreading awareness about printing industry in government schools, conducted a lecture at Government High School, Kasabad, Bahadur ke road. Manish Jain, executive member of the OPA said, \"Not only students will get stipend along with training but will also gain awareness to join the printing industry after completing education.\" Davinder Singh, school principal, appreciated the awareness project.Printing industry is dependent on the migrant workforce, first there were people from Himachal/Utrakhand and then UP. Due to progressive schemes of the central and state governments, this migrant workforce is now not interested to work in Punjab, the officials added. As per a study conducted in rural schools and colleges, it has been noticed that more than 58% students were unaware about printing technology. It was noticed that rarely a student from urban areas was interested to adopt printing as a career. The survey said more than 56% students were studying in printing institutes/colleges because they were not able to get admission anywhere else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633517", "title": "Ghost employees hired in Left regime", "text": "KOLKATA: CTC employee Bikram Singh killed himself when Mamata Banerjee is in power, but his death letter was written long ago, during the Left Front regime, when the chairpersons at CTC - mostly political appointees - hired 258 employees without financial sanction from the state government. Bikram was among them.So those blaming transport minister Madan Mitra for his subsidy comment as the trigger for Bikram's suicide might be throwing stones at themselves.Here are some hard facts. Over 3,000 of the 21,000-odd employees in the five state transport corporations are sitting idle - and getting paid for it. Reports of the assembly standing committee on transport reveals that there are five employees for each bus, though maintenance has been largely outsourced to cut expenditure. The factsheet of transport corporations have always been of leakage and underutilisation of fleet and staff.Unable to bear the running costs, corporations started leasing out their route permits to private operators and even suspended operations on viable routes. To add to the woes, the Left Front government, in the fag end of its tenure, bought 1,300 low-floor buses under the JNNURM scheme, knowing that it cannot retrain and deploy the idle staff to run the new fleet.Old timers recall how some corporations planned to sell out a portion of their depots in Tollygunge and elsewhere to mop up money. Later, the UK-based DfID gave budgetary support to the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee to streamline the transport and the power sector. Though the government could bring the power corporations in shape, CPM-dominated transport unions blocked Bhattacharjee's bid to bring the ailing corporations under one umbrella. Bhattacharjee also planned to float an early retirement scheme to get rid of the flab, but could not get it to work. The rot set in while the Left Front was in command.While the former CM and a section of transport employees were trying to put things back on track, the chairpersons of the corporations used these bodies to absorb their own men, flouting all the norms. The CTC was hit the worst. And Bikram Singh was a victim of the faulty process.\"Bikram's suicide is very unfortunate. It is not right to blame only the fact that he was not getting his salary. At times, the government needs to take some decision, however harsh they are. It is for a better tomorrow. So far, we have identified 258 such staff, who were engaged without government sanction. The number, eventually, be many more. The CTC has stopped releasing their salary,\" said CTC chairman Shantilal Jain.CSTC has identified 85 such 'ghost employees' who got appointment without government sanction. CSTC chairman and transport department special secretary Tarapada Majhi said: \"The earlier restructuring plan has been shelved. After this meeting we have to gear up afresh.\"Now the Mamata Banerjee government has the tough task of bringing the corporations back in shape. Corporations have been asked to jack up their own revenue and meet operating costs. Earlier, they used to get 80% of the operating costs from the state government while the remaining 20% came from fares. For the last two months, the government's contribution has been cut to 75%. All five transport corporations have been asked to garner 25% revenue through fares. Transport officials suggest that the government could have allowed the corporations to hike fares in a bid to jack up revenues.All the chairpersons and managing directors of transport PSUs are meeting chief minister Mamata Banerjee on January 27.South Bengal State Transport Corporation (NBSTC) chairman Tamonash Ghosh said: \"We have no pre-conceived ideas about the meeting. We are going to attend it with an open mind. We have to fit the government plan in our scheme of things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635733", "title": "Lok Satta promises graft-free regime", "text": "MUMBAI: Lesser-known parties like the Lok Satta Party (LSP) have jumped on the bandwagon and are positioning themselves as 'citizens' parties' for the February 16 civic elections, unhappy with \"non-political activism\".It is making its debut in the city's electoral politics with about 15 'clean' citizen candidates, all first-timers, across wards in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) and one in the Thane Municipal Corporation ( TMC).Its Mumbai team is formed by \"well-educated, competent and passionate\" citizens who want to bring about change in the city's political culture. The LSP has promised to provide a corruption-free regime with active citizen participation.Launched in 2006 to form a citizen-centric government, it is structured as a political platform for ordinary citizens to play the role of \"agents of change\". The selection of each candidate has been independently ratified by an independent election authority for its Maharashtra unit, headed by Supreme Court Justice B N Srikrishna (rtd).\"The civic body is supposed to be run by a participative form of governance specified in the Model Nagar Raj Bill. LSP significantly contributed in the making of the bill, but the state government modified it, rendering its essence dysfunctional,\"said LSP general secretary Mustan Tambawala. The LSP will upload information on work by the corporator on its website and there will be public participation in approving its quality; only then will funds will be authorized, to reduce corruption at the local level.Tambawala said LSP will bring along with every successful corporator a mechanism that will let citizens decide what needs to be done in their wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11636569", "title": "Delhi under security blanket on R-Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi was under a thick blanket of security on Republic Day today as thousands of armed personnel kept a tight vigil to thwart any terror strike or any untoward incident during the celebrations.Snipers with sophisticated arms and binoculars were on rooftops while hundreds of police personnel kept the eight km parade route from Rajpath to Red Fort under their watch to ensure that nothing untoward happened.Around 25,000 police personnel, including those from paramilitary forces and sharpshooters from the elite National Security Guards (NSG) were deployed across the city in the run-up to the national celebrations.Policemen kept a tab on the visuals from over 160 CCTVs between Rajpath and Red Fort, the route of the parade.Mobile hit teams, anti-aircraft guns and sharpshooters of the NSG were also on the job at various places while paramilitary and Delhi Police commandos kept a close watch along the route.\"There was special emphasis on anti-sabotage checks, access control measures and intelligence coordination. The entire route of the parade was covered by special security and anti-terror arrangements.\"Elaborate air defence measures, including deployment of anti-aircraft guns, were also taken to check intrusion of air space,\" a senior police official said. Besides the air defence measures, helicopters of the Indian Air Force hovered around Rajpath and all along the route of the parade.Vehicles entering the city were randomly checked. As the city witnessed a terror strike only four months ago, the security establishment left no stones unturned to ensure an incident-free celebrations.No vehicles were allowed to ply on the Rajpath from 6PM yesterday while vehicular movement was restricted on Tilak Marg, Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, Netaji Subhash Marg upto Red Fort from 4 AM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11635445", "title": "\u2018Sanskrit texts key to knowledge centre\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: India's thrust to emerge as a knowledge powerhouse suffered a setback due to its inability to unlock knowledge in ancient Sanskrit texts. \"The country forgot the importance of Sanskrit, and with this, the knowledge that lies in these texts may be lost forever,\" said V S Acharya, minister for higher education. \"These texts if unravelled could hold the key to India regaining its position as a knowledge centre,\" he noted.Inaugurating the new building of department of human consciousness and yogic sciences, Dharmanidhi Yoga Peeta of Mangalore University on Wednesday, Acharya, said a move by government to start Sanskrit University in Karnataka was a right move in reviving Sanskrit. \"The number of students that this university is attracting is amazing,\" he said, adding that the response generated by Sanskrit Book Mela in Bangalore is a good augury.Likewise, the country is now taking up to yoga, which has its origin in this very country, Acharya said, adding it is important to understand the importance of yoga and explain it to future generation. Lauding Mangalore University for taking the lead in realizing the importance of yoga by setting a department for its study, Acharya said, \"The government would consider proposal that university sends to meet the department's funding needs.\"K Siddappa, former vice-chancellor, Bangalore University, said department had the potential to emerge as UGC Centre for Excellence, provided it took care of recruitment of faculty and gave thrust to research activities. Recalling the path trodden by the department since the idea for it was first mooted in 1983, Siddappa said the department's unique status as being the first such department across universities in India should stand it in good stead.T C Shivashankaramurthy, vice-chancellor, who presided over the function, said, \"The department is offering eight courses including a post-graduation course in yogic science, doctoral programme, PG diploma in yogic science, and yoga therapy in distance education besides certificate course as well.\"Acharya felicitated heads of various temple management committees who have contributed around Rs 80.50 lakh for setting up the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11639966", "title": "Pune bus rampage: Mane remanded in police custody till Feb 3", "text": "PUNE: A local court on Thursday remanded Santosh Mane, the state transport driver who went on a rampage mowing down eight persons and injuring 27 others here, in police custody till February 3.Mane, who was produced in the court of judicial magistrate V B Borha, has been charged under sections 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder), 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt), and 381 (theft) of the Indian Penal Code in addition to offences related to damage to public property.The district government pleader Ujwala Pawar, who sought 14 days police remand of Mane, submitted to court that the accused had committed a heinous crime and it was necessary to investigate matters related to his behaviour in the state transport department prior to the criminal act.She said police would also require time to gather necessary forensic evidence in the case.Magistrate Borha, however, remanded the accused, who stood with a blank expression on his face, in police custody till February 3.No advocate appeared on behalf of Mane in response to an appeal issued by the Pune Bar Association.After stealing an empty bus, Mane went berserk on the crowded streets of Pune on Wednesday morning, smashing all vehicles coming in the way.The 30-year-old driver, attached to the Swargate depot of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation, was arrested after an hour-long chase near Neelayam theatre in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635189", "title": "When traffic came to a standstill at Swargate", "text": "PUNE: Traffic flow was severely affected in and around Swargate during the busy hours of Wednesday morning. Commuters, mostly on their way to work, not only had to battle an unusually long traffic jam at Tilak Road, Swargate, Shankarsheth Road, Parvati and Pulgate areas, but also had to witness gruesome bloodshed, wailing relatives, rammed vehicles and wild chaos.Apurva Jadhav, an RJ at a radio station, was heading to Swargate from Prabhat Road like everyday. \"As I crossed Mahatre bridge, the road till Neelayam Talkies was chock-a-block. I was stuck in the area for over 45 minutes, from 9:30 am to 10:15 am. All I saw was chaos: ambulances, people running, relatives wiping tears from their eyes. I had no idea about the incident. I asked the police regarding the situation, but they told me to leave the area. It was the kind of traffic jam that follows a bomb-scare,\" said Jadhav.Vicky Khubchandani was on his way to Shankarsheth Road from Bhawani Peth on Wednesday, around 8:45 am. He, too, found himself stuck in the midst of a traffic jam.\"I was stuck on Shankarsheth Road and could see barricades erected by the police, ambulances with the injured and people weeping. It was a very sad sight. I remained there for almost 45 minuteswithout changing my route as both the sides were blocked with vehicles.\" said Khubchandani.Vistasp Bharucha, an employee of the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) on Shankarsheth Road, said, \"I went to the Swargate bus depot to witness what was happening, but remained stuck in traffic for a considerably long time. Two to three rickshaws were completely damaged, there was blood on the streets and people were just rushing, wanting to get out of there. The traffic was very slow.Mohar Moghe, who was on his way to work along with eight others, was stuck for half-an-hour in Parvati, as vehicles blocked the road that led to Neelayam theatre. \"We were stuck there from 8:10AM, and then had to turn around and take a longer route from Laxminarayan theatre to reach FC Road. We were on bikes, but still could not squeeze through the jam ,\" said Moghe, who was shocked by the bloodshed he saw.\"Near Sarasbaug I saw a woman wailing on the road, while people were trying to lift somebody dead off the street. All the dividers were crushed. A rickshaw lay mangled from all sides,\" said Moghe.R R Kulkarni, a bank employee who stays near Dandekar bridge, left for Laxmi Road at 10 am, but got stuck in traffic on her way to work for over half-an-hour.\"There were vehicles all over and the police was not letting us go ahead. I took the Shastri Road instead,\" she said.Though Meenal Sanjagiri was stuck in traffic for only ten minutes near the Pulgate signal, she remembers the chaos. \"I was at the Pulgate signal, where I could see the maximum crowd as well as a number of ambulances. The barricade near the Pulgate bus depot was trashed. As I went from Shankar Sheth Road towards Swargate, I saw the police deviating traffic through the BRTS route as the road from where regular traffic was to pass was in a complete mess,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633943", "title": "Patna cancer specialist gets Padma Shri", "text": "PATNA: Noted cancer specialist and director, Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Research Centre (MCSRC), Patna, Dr Jitendra Kumar Singh has been awarded Padma Shri for his outstanding contribution to the field of oncology. Dr Singh thus joins a galaxy of eminent doctors from Bihar who were earlier awarded Padma Shri.Expressing his happiness, Dr Singh told TOI, \"It is recognition of my dedicated service to the suffering humanity. I accept this honour with humility on behalf of all those doctors and employees of the MCS who are working hard at the MCSRC to serve cancer patients. It has encouraged me and other employees of the MCSRC to work with even more sincerity and dedication.\"Dr Singh said, \"I always feel highly rewarded when a cancer patient responds to my treatment and gets cured. My life-long mission is to serve cancer patients not only from Bihar, but also from others parts of the country.\"Born in a freedom fighter's family at village Majhauni in Banka district, Dr Singh obtained his MBBS degree in 1975 from the Patna Medical College and MD in radiotherapy in 1980. Honoured with several prestigious awards, Dr Singh has received specialized training at the Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, and served the PMCH Radium Institute as senior faculty member for about 14 years. Dr Singh was awarded the prestigious Guenella Belton Award for his noble service in the field of cancer. Dr Singh has been shouldering the responsibility as director, MCSRC for the past 11 years. He is instrumental in achieving all-round development of the MCSRC in the field of cancer research and awareness programme.Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts chairman Kishore Kunal congratulated Dr Singh on his being awarded Padam Shri. IMA members also congratulated him. Several Bihar ministers, including health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, also congratulated him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11634239", "title": "39 candidates file nominations", "text": "VARANASI: As many as 39 candidates from different political parties and independent candidates filed their nomination papers to contest election from eight assembly constituencies of the district on Wednesday.Maximum seven candidates filed nominations from Varanasi Cantonment seat while six from Rohaniya seat, five each from Ajgara, Shivpur and Sevapuri seats, four each from Varanasi North and Varanasi South seats and three candidates from Pndra seat filed their nominations.The prominent among them was Shaymdeo Roy Chaudhury of BJP from Varanasi South while others from this seats were Kamala Kinnar (independent), Comrade Nizamuddin (CPI-M) and Qashar Amin (BSP). The candidates from Rohaniya seat included Md Iqbal Ansari (independent), Devnath Yadav (JDU), Dhunni Ram (Lokpriya Sanaj Party), Ramakant Singh Pintu (BSP), Murarilal Bind (Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party) and Anupriya Patel (Apna Dal).Rajendra Prasad (independent), Israr Ali (Manav Samaj Party), Dinesh Upadhyaya (Bahujan Samta Party) and Narendranath Dubey Adig (independent) filed their nominations from Varanasi North seat. From Ajagara seat the candidates were Anup Kumar Mishra (Indian Justice Party), Nirbhay Kumar (Bharatiya Republican Party), Sant Kumar Sant (AD), Rajesh Bharati Surya (Rashtriya Ambedkar Party) and Premchand Saroj (independent).The candidates from Varanasi Cantt seat were Ramchandra Yadav (Dalit Sanaj Party), Col Ranjit Upadhyaya (Sarvajan Mahasabha Party), Lalji Chakrawal (independent), Vinod Kumar Patel (Jankranti Party), Satya Prakash Srivastava (independent), Shiv Kumar Bind (Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party) and Ardhendu Shekhar Tiwari (Rashtriya Lokshakti Party).Bachchelal Yadav (Lokpriya Samaj Party), Iqbal Faruqi (AD), Virendra Singh (Congress), Sarita Patel (CPI-ML) and MB Rajbhar (independent) filed nominations from Shivpur seat. From Sevapuri seat, five candidates including Ramji (Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party), Omkar Singh Patel (Kaumi Ekata Party), Md Munavvar Ali (Rashtrya Ekata Dal), Manish Kumar Singh (BSP) and Akhilesh Kumar Munna (Lok Dal) filed their nominations while Shyamlal Singh (CPI-M), Jai Prakash Mishra (BSP) and Sunil Patel (AD) filed nominations from Pindra seat.UP Elections 2012 news", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635716", "title": "\u2018Higher turnout is first sign of change\u2019", "text": "Considering that apathy of the urban voter is democracy's biggest irony, the office of chief electoral officer initiated a voter awareness and registration drive in July 2010. Now that the elections are round the corner, campaigns for voter sensitisation have taken the shape of massive rangolis, deep-daan ceremonies, human chains, pledges, rallies, street plays amidst a host of other things. However, it remains to be seen whether the energy built up by such activities would actually translate into votes. Chief electoral officer of UP Umesh Sinha speaks to Shailvee Sharda on the issue.Voter turnout in UP has never been encouraging. What makes you so hopeful about 2012 assembly election?The synergy between educational institutes, civil society, media and election machinery has never been the same as it is in this election. Overwhelming response of first time and young voters to various voter registration drives is also a positive indication. Together, we made scores of voters take a pledge that they would exercise franchise on the poll day.How do you think that this energy would translate into higher voter turnout on the poll day?nThe reinforcement would not stop till poll day. Local administrations and even the CEO office would continue to emphasise on the importance of voting through hoardings, radio and television advertisements, social networking websites and of course through our brand ambassadors like folk singer Malini Awasthi.Complaints related to voter ID cards are still common. What solution does CEO office offer to this?nI understand the problem but want to tell that having an EPIC does not guarantee that one can vote. Any individual must find out if his name is there in the electoral roll or not. For this, voters may log on to our website www.ceoup.nic.in, or call at voter helpline 1800-180-1950 or visit at the voter registration office in the district. Once the voter is sure that his name is there in the list, he can obtain voter slips from the election agent and show the same along with a photo-identity proof such as driving license, PAN card, Adhaar card, ration card to cast his vote.Q: What do you tell voters who do not want to vote for anyone?nVoters must understand that higher turnout is the first sign of change. Only then will they be able to mount pressure on political parties to field clean candidate and emphasise on demands for development, education, jobs and so on. Still, if anyone does not want to vote, the person may choose not to vote under relevant provisions. For this, he/she may ask for form 40 (O) from the presiding officer, fill in the details and register their view.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11635248", "title": "Slain diamond merchant's family members cry foul", "text": "SURAT: Family members of the slain Gujarati diamond merchant, Pravin Patel, have accused the Antwerp police and its detectives of bias investigation of the entire case with the wrongful detention of their elder son Rashmin Patel alias Richard.Patel, 54, who was settled in Antwerp since two decades with his family, was killed by three unidentified North African miscreants including a lady killer in his apartment at Van Eycklei in the vicinity of Antwerp city park on the morning of January 23.The miscreants, as revealed by the Antwerp police, had attacked his elder son Rashmin Patel, 30, who spotted his father being attacked.Talking to TOI on phone from Antwerp, Sharad Patel, 28, Patel's younger son, said, \"My brother is innocent. He (Rashmin) would get unconscious seeing a little amount of blood, so how could he kill his own father? Antwerp police and its detectives are doing bias investigation as they have wrongfully held my brother.\"According to Sharad, three miscreants entered the apartment on January 23 morning when Patel had just finished his morning prayers. While the miscreants were attacking him, Rashmin reached his apartment and he too was attacked with a knife. The killers then escaped from the scene.\"My brother was injured and fell unconscious on the staircase. We have an autopsy report and the doctors are of the opinion that the murder was executed by professional killers,\" said Sharad.Summit Patel, a family friend who is close to the family, said, \"Patel was into the business of trading rough diamonds, real estate and scrap business. It seems the Antwerp police want to close the case by charging Pravinbhai's elder son for the murder. The entire Patel community from Saurashtra here stands by Pravinbhai's family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11634259", "title": "Largest national flag prepared in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The world's largest Indian flag belongs to Varanasi and it will soon be presented to the President of India by its makers. Yes, a local NGO, India Foundation, under the leadership of its president Aziz Waqar Khan, bagged a certificate by the Limca Book of Records for preparing the largest national Tricolour measuring 194 ft in length and 129.33 ft in width on Wednesday. If this claim goes unchallenged by August 31, 2012, this achievement will be the latest world record.According to Aziz, the foundation under its mission of 'Ghar Ghar Tiranga Sajao Bharat Samridh Banao', prepared the world's largest Indian flag. It took almost two months to prepare the 209 kg flag and the tailoring work required to manufacture the Tricolour involved the contribution of as many as 400 people associated with the organisation. The Ashoka Chakra of flag was created by three students from the faculty of Visual Arts, Banaras Hindu University (BHU).\"The foundation will soon carry out a 'Tiranga Samman Yatra' after assembly elections in which the flag would be taken from Varanasi to Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra and finally to Delhi where it will be handed over to the President of India who would finally dedicate it to the nation,\" mentioned Aziz while talking to TOI on the eve of Republic Day.According to Aziz, it took one week for the whole procedure of the certification by Limca Book of Records. \"This effort by hundreds of people of the foundation has been finally rewarded a few days before the Republic Day. We want this to signify that nothing comes over the love for the country. People should stop debating over differences and rather stand united in respect of the Tricolour,\" said Aziz.The flag measuring 25,104 square ft prepared by India Foundation has broken the record of an Indian flag measuring 12,000 square ft was prepared in Chicago and the record may get its mention in the Limca Book of Records if the record is not broken by any one else before the deadline that is August 31, 2012.Notably, according to Aziz, the foundation has made it mandatory for their members to put the Tricolour outside their homes and offices following proper guidelines issued by the government. \"The NGO further aims at building pool of dedicated citizens who would consider patriotism as their chief religion in order to emerge as a powerful and strong nation,\" he added. According to its members, the India Foundation has been working over issues of environment, women, child and water for the past one year and their next major activity involves massive drive on aforestation. Apart from Aziz, S K Shukla, A D Khan, Abhishek Sharma, Pankaj Awasthi, Himanshu Pandey, Shailendra Yadav and many other members have contributed in preparing the flag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633462", "title": "Kids on garbage duty at boi mela", "text": "KOLKATA: The book fair got embroiled in a child labour controversy on Wednesday when a group of children was made to work as labourers.Labour minister Purnendu Basu was taking a round of the mela after inaugurating the Jaago Bangla stall when he saw some kids collecting garbage and pulling a garbage cart. He immediately summoned officials of the Publishers and Booksellers Guild and sought an explanation.\"The children told me that they were appointed by the contractor to remove garbage from the ground. I was taken aback,\" Bose said. He offered the kids food and sent them home.\"I have asked my department to initiate legal proceeding against the contractor who employed the children. I have also spoken to the Guild and asked them to be careful. They have told me that child labourers were appointed by the contractor and they were not aware of it,\" said Bose.A guild official told TOI that the contractor would be black-listed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634641", "title": "Three submit forms on Day 2", "text": "NAGPUR: Three persons submitted nomination forms for the municipal elections on the second day of nomination process taking the total number to four. On Wednesday, 1,054 nomination forms were sold from 12 zonal offices.Three persons contesting as independent submitted nomination forms on Wednesday. Praveen Raut submitted the form Ayodhya Nagar Ward-64 at Hanuman Nagar Zone followed by Mohammed Rashid from Seminary Hills Ward-22 at Mangalwari Zone and Tulsiram Thanekar from Manewada-Jogi Nagar Ward-67 at Narendra Nagar Zone. On Tuesday, just one person had submitted the form.There were 13 sitting corporators among those who purchased forms on Wednesday. They include Praful Gudadhe, Prerna Kapse, Satish Holey, Madhukar Kamble, Geeta Chadi, Kamil Ansari, Rekha Ghime, Malti Bhagat, Habibur Rehman Ansari, Archana Shende, Dr Prashant Chopra, Nitish Gwalbanshi and Shashikala Wade. On Tuesday, 15 corporators had purchased the forms taking the total number to 28 so far.The total number of forms sold so far is 2,482. On Wednesday, highest number of forms were sold from Nehru Nagar Zone- 126 followed by Ashi Nagar Zone- 117, Gandhibagh Zone- 102, Narendra Nagar Zone- 100, Dhantoli Zone- 95, Mangalwari Zone- 92, Lakadganj Zone- 87, Hanuman Nagar Zone- 83, Satranjipura Zone- 70, Dharampeth Zone- 69, Shanti Nagar Zone- 57, and Laxmi Nagar Zone- 56.Former mayor Naresh Gawande of Congress is likely to contest from a ward in Lakadganj Zone as he also purchased the nomination form. Gawande was defeated in the 2007 elections. The nomination forms will not be distributed or accepted on Thursday it being Republic Day holiday.Meanwhile, NMC has registered one FIR for violation of code of conduct at Jaripatka police station. Offence was registered against Surekha Kamble of MNS under Section 3 of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11635973", "title": "Punjab polls: EC bans atta-dal scheme for 4 days to prevent misuse", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The chief electoral officer (CEO), Punjab, on Wednesday ordered a ban on distribution of cheap atta and dal under a government scheme for the next four days leading to elections, following an election observer's report that the public distribution system (PDS) outlets could be used for offering inducements to voters.But, no sooner the EC issued orders, Punjab CM dubbed the move as \"anti-poor\" and called it an \"EC- Congress conspiracy aimed at tarnishing SAD-BJP's image\".EC officials said that ban orders were issued on Wednesday afternoon following a report from Patti that PDS outlets could be used for luring voters. Opposition Congress had also filed a complaint that in some places, PDS outlets had stocked some packets for offering inducements to voters in the garb of Rs 4 kg atta and Rs 20 kg dal scheme being run by the SAD-BJP government. \"The ban is only for a limited period of four days in the run-up to elections so that polls could be held on a level playing ground,\" said EC officials.The SAD, however, fired salvos at CEO, Punjab blaming the official for \"anti-poor\" orders at the behest of Congress. The party had earlier filed a complaint with ECI, alleging that Sidhu hailed from Congress president Amarinder Singh's native village Mehraj in Bathinda and was working at his behest. However, ECI had dismissed the allegations saying that the commission had full faith in the functioning of Sidhu. Earlier, during 2009 parliamentary elections, SAD had filed a similar complaint against Sidhu, but the EC insisted on her continuation as CEO, Punjab.Reacting to the hard-hitting statement of SAD, accusing her of acting at the behest of \"anti-poor Congress\", CEO Kusumjit Sidhu said the decision to ban distribution of cheap atta-dal for mere four days was taken in consultation with the food secretary after observers' report that the PDS outlets were being used to offer inducements to voters. \"If the government was against stopping the distribution, then why did the food secretary agree to the four-day ban,\" she asked. \"He rather ordered the distribution to be stopped while sitting here in my office,\" she said.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "11635299", "title": "Daman officials unaware about milk survey", "text": "VAPI: Union Territory of Daman &amp; Diu was among the 33 states from where Food Safety and Standards Authority of India collected samples for its National Survey on Milk Adulteration 2011 to ascertain the quality of milk and types of adulteration in it.The highest non confirming sample in descending order of percentage with respect to total sample collected in different states included Bihar(100%), Chhattisgarh(100%), Daman-Diu (100%), Jharkhand 100%), Orissa (100%) and Mizoram (100%). In all, 25 samples were collected from the Union Territory out of which 14 were from rural and 11 from urban areas.When contacted, health department officials of Daman &amp; Diu were not aware about the status of the milk in their territory as published by FSSAI.K V Sultan, director, health department, Daman &amp; Diu, said he was not aware about the survey and has not received any instructions from FSSAI about it. Dipak Tandel, food inspector, Daman, said, \"We had recently tested milk samples and found nothing wrong.\" The reasons for deviation in milk samples analyzed in Daman &amp; Diu were presence of fat, fat and soluble nutrition fat (SNF) and fat and skimmed milk (SM) beyond the prescribed limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634258", "title": "Govt, BMC plan to step up surveillance", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has written to nine private laboratories asking them to notify it about every drug-resistant tuberculosis case on a monthly basis. Civic authorities have gathered the names and addresses of 113 drug-resistant TB patients tested at Hinduja Hospital's laboratory.\"We will now begin tracing the contacts of all these patients,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar on Wednesday.The nine laboratories, including SRL and Metropolis, are not accredited to perform sensitive TB testing, but they have the technical knowhow to do so. The BMC has sought information from them to get the right incidence of drug-resistant TB in the community.It has been a week since the Union government announced the setting up of a pilot programme for TB control in Mumbai. The announcement followed Hinduja Hospital's research work about 12 patients with totally drug resistant TB; the government consequently said there were no TDR-TB cases.As part of the new TB programme, local authorities will on Republic Day, Thursday, \"adopt\" four of the 12 Hinduja Hospital patients. \"Adoption means the government will take care of their treatment,\" said Mhaiskar. The revised national TB control programme will soon adopt the remaining three patients as well; three of the original 12 Hinduja Hospital patients have died and two are outside city limits.Meanwhile, the state administration reviewed the drug-resistant TB issue in Mantralaya on Wednesday. After the meeting, Jayant Kumar Banthia, additional chief secretary (public health department), said: \"Via videoconferencing, we held a meeting with the deans of all medical colleges in the state. The doctors were informed about ways to sensitize people about the (TB) DOTS (Directly Observed Treatment Short course) programme. To deal with the situation outside Mumbai, we have decided to rope in the private sector too.Besides Banthia, JJ Hospital's chest department head Dr N N Ramraje and Dr P Gaikwad, joint director for TB from the state health department, attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11634969", "title": "Agasthiyar temple now under state", "text": "CHENNAI: The Hindu religious &amp; charitable endowments (HR&CE;) department on Wednesday took over Agasthiyar Temple in T Nagar after a 40-year battle with the private management of the temple.According to HR&CE; department sources, the temple, located in a compound of more than 3 grounds in the heart of Pondy Bazaar, was constructed in 1940. It has a shrine for Agasthiyar and two other shrines and was used by some astrologers.The temple was declared a private property. Many people started visiting the temple including film stars who donated large sums of money to the temple. \"Amitabh Bachchan donated a crown to the temple soon after he recovered from his injuries on the sets of the film Coolie,\" said an HR&CE; officer.Members of the temple management were charged with various complaints including misappropriation of funds, but they went to court against the takeover of the temple by the state. In August 2011, the Madras high court asked the private management to abide by the orders of the HR&CE; commissioner.On Tuesday, the commissioner appointed an official to take stock of the temple and its assets. Based on the order, the department took control of the temple on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634835", "title": "Hit-and-run accused nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman wanted for a hit-and-run case at Paldi was arrested by the Ellisbridge police on Wednesday. The woman, Rumana Rishnoiwala, has been accused of rash driving which caused the death of an autorickshaw.The incident took place at 4.30 pm when a 32-year-old autorickshaw driver, Suleiman Shaikh, died after being hit by a speeding car near NID on Tuesday afternoon. According to Ellisbridge police officials, the incident took place when Farouq, a resident of Danilimda, was turning towards Chandranagar. Rumana was driving her car towards the same spot from a diagonal direction.The autorickshaw driver, Shaikh, a resident of Ramol, died in the incident. The car driver had fled from the spot leaving her vehicle behind. \"Based on the car's registration number we tracked down the owner -Rumana, a resident of Paldi. When we reached her house and questioned her, Rumana confessed,\" said Ellisbridge police officials who arrested her on Tuesday. Police investigations have also revealed that the autorickshaw was owned by Dinesh Shah and Shaikh used to drive it on his behalf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633501", "title": "Fear stalks Kasba locality", "text": "KOLKATA: If only Vidya Desai had held on to the snatchers' motorcycle a few minutes more, her assailants would never have escaped. The 35-year-old homemaker's bravery remained the talking point on Kasba's RK Chatterjee Street all of Wednesday. But it also came with the haunting realization that suddenly, after all these years, danger lurks so close to home.Vidya's husband Rama Rao Desai, a central excise superintendent, has not left her side ever since Tuesday evening, when she was rushed in with a bullet in her stomach. None of the gunmen has been identified yet.\"Some of my colleagues and friends had warned me against buying a house in this Kasba locality. It wasn't safe, they said. I still went ahead, primarily because I heard that the other apartment owners are established professionals and one is even a colleague. We have been here for almost a year and nothing had happened to prove otherwise until last evening,\" Desai said. \"This incident has left us in deep trauma. Now I am in two minds whether to go back there or shift to a safer locality.\"Desai's neighbour, Dr Biswajit Ghosh, said: \"We had never imagined that such an incident could take place in our neighborhood. I dismissed the faint screams and gunshot, thinking it was a cracker. Our maid alerted us. When I rushed down with Desai, we were stunned to see Vidya gasping in pain, bleeding profusely.\"Vidya was in critical condition by the time she was admitted to Ramakrishna Mission Seva Pratisthan around 6pm on Tuesday. \"The bullet had pierced her large intestine, food channel and pelvic bone,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Anirban Bhattacharya. Her surgery started at 10pm and lasted four hours. \"The patient is stable but has to be kept under observation,\" said hospital secretary Swami Satyadevananda.Ghosh has been with the Desai couple and their two daughters ever since the attack, only to return for a while at 2.45am when DCP south suburban division Biswaroop Ghosh dropped him home. \"Vidya will overcome this. She is a very gritty woman,\" said the neighbour. \"But I can't shake off the memory. I work in a Bongaon college and remain out of home for most of the day. My wife and daughter (a school student) are mostly alone. We have been here for three and a half years but nothing of this sort had ever happened,\" he said.\"The telltale signs were there,\" insists Dipu Das, Ward 67 councilor. \"For the past five-six months, a few areas have turned into a free-zone for drunkards. Police, for some reason, have failed to curb the nuisance. Some people have stopped taking RK Chatterjee Street after sundown,\" she said. The two-term councilor, however, admitted that an incident as grave as that on Tuesday had never taken place.A few meters away, in an unimposing salon next to the old Kasba police station (which still houses the South 24-Parganas deputy SP office), the discussion too veered to the attack. Dhananjoy Pramanik said: \"Perhaps due to the fact that the police station was so close, I've never heard anything like this in the last three decades. Of late a few youths - I don't know whether they're outsiders - sit near the pond and drink,\" he said. Surojit Mukherjee, a local, adds: \"It is very difficult for an outsider to escape from these complex lanes and bylanes. The attackers knew this place very well. I really don't think they were outsiders,\" he said.Vidya was wearing a 32 gram gold mangalsutra, worth at least Rs 90,000, when she was attacked. Police have made no breakthrough in the case. \"A used cartridge, two live bullets of a 9mm pistol and a pair of sandals left behind by the miscreants have been recovered,\" said joint CP, crime, Damayanti Sen.Police suspect the bullets fell from the magazine during the scuffle with Vidya. Investigators are zeroing in on two gangs operating in Topsia and Taratala. A sketch of the suspects would help the investigation but for that the police have to wait for Vidya to recover, said an officer.Detectives believe the gang has been operating in the southern fringes for the past four months and were involved in at least five snatchings in Garfa, Behala and Parnasree. They suspect the aides of a recently arrested robber, Ganesh Mullick, or some criminal recently released from jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11641228", "title": "Mamata Banerjee five years younger than official records", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is younger than her official age.How! The devil lay in a fake certificate, procured by her father, which put five more years to her age to help her appear in the school leaving examination.In her recently published memoirs 'My Unforgettable Memories', the politician revealed the truth about her age, which was so far believed to be 57.\"I was not even 15 when I wrote my school final examination and would have been disqualified for being underage. So, my father gave a fictitious age and birthday to get around the problem. The result: a new birthday and five years added to my real age,\" writes Banerjee.Apparently 'Didi' was born on October 5, instead of January five, as the book says that her mother had once given her a horoscope with that date mentioned in it.Her mother used to celebrate her birthday every Ashtami (the eighth day of Durga Puja which falls in October) with a special preparation of rice pudding, she says while explaining how she has had two birthdays so far.Even the Lok Sabha website shows January 5, 1955 as her date of birth. She had resigned as MP last year to take over as the chief minister of the state.\"To the world at large, my school certificate with its erroneous date of birth is the legally valid document,\" she rues in the book published by Roli Books.When Banerjee once confronted her mother over the mistake in her official date of birth, she had replied, \"Darling, we are not city-bred people. Neither you nor your elder brother was born in a hospital. Where would I get a birth certificate detailing your birthday and year?\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635539", "title": "Maid \u2018kidnaps\u2019 toddler", "text": "MUMBAI: An 18-month-old boy was kidnapped from his Nalasopara home allegedly by his family's full-time domestic help on Monday night. The family had not done the mandatory police verification of the help.Aslam Begum (20) was employed by Umesh Rane (35) in November last year to look after his son Prem at their Shivam Apartments, Vasant Nagri residence in Nalasopara (east). While Rane works in a call centre at Andheri, his wife Disha is a homemaker. They have another son Shubham (7). Rane had been looking for a full-time domestic help when Begum was recommended by a friend. Within a short time, she became a part of the family and the children also got comfortable with her.On Monday at around 10.30 pm, Disha stepped out of the house to visit a nearby grocery shop, leaving Shubham and Prem with Begum. When Disha returned home after about 15 minutes she found Prem and Begum missing. Shubham told his mother that Begum had stepped out of the house saying she was taking his younger brother for a stroll, adding that when he insisted on accompanying them, she pushed him aside and rushed out of the houseA suspicious Disha informed Umesh, who rushed home. The couple discovered that along with their son, some of his clothes and Rs 5,000 were also missing. However, since Shubham had seen Begum leave the house only with Prem, the family suspected she may have dropped the clothes earlier through a window. The family searched for Begum till the wee hours of Tuesday before lodging a complaint with the Nalasopara police station.While the family had not done the mandatory police verification of the maid and had little information about Begum and her family, they had clicked pictures of her with the children during happier times. Police have circulated copies of Begum's photograph in and around the area and are questioning the friend who recommended Begum to the family.'VERIFICATION IMPORTANT'Police have time and again reiterated the importance of registering domestic helps with local police stations, as it enables to check on their criminal antecedents, if any, and also acts as a psychological deterrentNearly 73 employers reported that their domestic helps had gone missing in early January following a police verification drive in the Bandra-Oshiwara belt. Police suspect that the actual number of domestic helps who have gone 'missing' in the area could be around 400", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11635860", "title": "Gurgaon toll removal: NHAI to meet reps", "text": "GURGAON: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has called a meeting of representatives of Gurgaonbased Toll Hatao Simiti, which has been demanding the removal of the two toll plazas on Delhi-Gurgaon e-way.The meeting has been scheduled for Friday, just two days prior to the deadline announced by the agitators to do away with the plazas within Gurgaon municipal limit.The meeting notice, available with TOI, shows that three members from different group of agitators will attend the meeting, along with two representatives from the private concessionaire, Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd. \"We are aware of the agitations taking place in Gurgaon. Different groups have also written letters to the highways minister, C P Joshi, urging the NHAI to remove toll plazas. We will place facts before them regarding the provisions of concession agreement which allowed the concessionaire to have two toll plazas,\" said a senior NHAI official. As the agitators have intensified their movement in Gurgaon, NHAI would put across its point to their leader, the official added.The Samiti has already announced to hold a huge demonstration on Sunday to press their demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634214", "title": "Rs 25 lakh worth gold, cash stolen", "text": "PANAJI: In a broad daylight burglary at Tonca, Panaji, cash and gold jewellery worth 25 lakh were stolen from a flat on Wednesday evening.The matter came to light when the owner of the flat returned from work on late Wednesday evening. The accused stole diamond jewellery worth 14 lakh, cash amounting to 1.15 lakh and other gold jewellery valued at around 10 lakh.In their complaint to Panaji police, the victim, Priya Sahukar, said that when she returned home at 6.40pm she found that the latch of the main door was broken and the accused had even opened the cupboard.The victim had brought the jewellery home from the bank locker for Haldi Kumkum function at her residence on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633476", "title": "Fair to celebrate 200 yrs of Dickens", "text": "KOLKATA: The city never misses an opportunity to celebrate authors and legends. So, while we have our own Tagore and Swami Vivekananda whose sesquicentennials are being celebrated, here is yet another great whose 200th birth anniversary will also be observed with a lot of gusto. And what better time for this than the Kolkata Book Fair, because the author we are talking about is Charles Dickens.The British Council is launching a year-long celebration of Dickens in India, starting with Kolkata. This is part of a worldwide initiative by British Council to celebrate 200 years of Britain's most popular novelist. The reason to start this in Kolkata is not only the book fair but also the fact that a literature festival - the Kolkata Literary Meet (KLM) - is making its debut in the fair this time.The celebrations in Kolkata involve a range of literary activities, right from setting up a cozy reading room inside the fair to getting leading authors to write creative pieces on Dickens and school- and college-going youth to participate in Dickensian dialogue. None less than celebrated author Vikram Seth will kick-start the Dickens festivities on Thursday. He will speak on the \"urban factor\" in Dickens, the setting of whose stories was essentially urban.What perhaps adds a new flavour to the celebration is the fact that at least 10 renowned national and state-level authors are writing on how differently Dickens would have written, if he were writing his novels in today's world. \"With so much having changed in the world around us, it is indeed intriguing to imagine what Dickens would have done with the urban settings of his novels today. So we thought of asking our favourite authors to stretch their imaginations a little bit. Many have agreed. We cannot wait to hear what they are writing,\" said Samarjit Guha, head of programmes at the British Council, East.Among the authors who are writing their imaginative pieces on how Dickens might have recast his stories in a modern setting are Amit Chaudhuri , Anita Nair, Neel Mukherjee, Chandrahaas Chaudhury and Anjum Hasan. They are expected to send in their pieces to the British Council within a fortnight. As part of their literary pieces, they would also discuss how Dickens would have fitted into today's literary circles.Schoolchildren and college-goers are also being involved in the project. The British Council is running a competition where the youth, between 16 and 21 years of age, are being encouraged to rewrite a Dickensian tale or write an imaginative piece on Dickens's visit to a contemporary Kolkata.The reading room is an interesting concept. The cozy room will be full of Dickens editions. While special editions, which have been published this year to mark his bicentennial, will be displayed for visitors to sit and read, there will also be some vintage editions for visitors to marvel at. Dickens scholar, Claire Tomalin, the vice-president of Britain's Royal Society of Literature, who has just come out with 'Charles Dickens: A Life', will also send in her pieces to be read at the event.Several international authors and scholars have also been invited to speak on Dickens at KLM. Charlotte Cooke, for example, will hold forth an animated reading session from Dickens, while novelist Craig Taylor and historian John Keay will participate in special discussions.After the fair is over, a special film festival will be organized in the city, to screen feature films based on Dickens' novels. The film that everyone will be looking forward to is the oldest version of 'Oliver Twist', from the silent era.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11634959", "title": "Harbir realizes dream after 40 years", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Harbir Singh Grewal had started writing Urdu poetry at the age of 16, and always wanted to publish his poetry in the form of books. It took lot of time for his dream to be fulfilled, but it did materialize at the age of 59 when he published his two books in Urdu. Talking about the same, Harbir, a resident of Civil Lines said he has released two books in Urdu, \"Shaunk Be Zubaan\" and \"Dard BaNishan\" recently. Grewal writes under the pen name of Harbir Ludhianavi. About his debut books, he said there are 50 ghazals in both the books that are his life experiences of over 40 years. Along with that, he has also highlighted some socials issues like injustice, inequality and status of women.Harbir said it was like a dream come true for him, as it was his long awaited desire to get them published. He said he used to read Urdu poetry in Devnagiri script as a child but during his college days, he started learning Urdu language and within a very short period of time, he started reading and writing the language. Hailing from Andlu village of district Ludhiana, Harbir said he has written a number of poems on his life experiences and social issues. Many of his known ones suggested him to publish his work so that Urdu poetry lovers get to read him and it was then that he got them published. He said in December 2011, he also released the Hindi editions of the same books and is receiving warm response from the readers.Retired as principal from government school, Harbir said in 2011, he retired from the education department and according to his plan, started putting in efforts for publishing his work. Finally, he succeeded in releasing his debut books. Harbir said he used to devote lot of time reading Hindi, Urdu and Punjabi literature and has vast collection of books at his place. Inspired by Sahir Ludhianavi, Harbir is working on his third Urdu books and in a very short period, would publish it too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634009", "title": "Rushdie is sub-standard writer: Katju", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council chief Markandey Katju on Wednesday slammed writer Salman Rushdie as a poor and sub-standard writer who had been elevated to a hero. He also took pot shots at the Jaipur Literature Festival for allowing Rushdie's participation to dominate the proceedings instead of other crucial subjects.In a statement, Katju said attributed this obsession with Rushdie to a colonial inferiority complex. ``Salman Rushdie dominated the Jaipur Literature Festival...I have read some of Rushdie's works and am of the opinion that he is a poor writer, and but for 'Satanic Verses' would have remained largely unknown. Even 'Midnight's Children' is hardly great literature,\" Katju said.He added that the \"whole problem with the so-called educated Indians of today is that they still suffer from the colonial inferiority complex. So whoever lives in London and New York must be a great writer, while writers living in India are inferior.\"On the controversy surrounding Rushdie during the festival, he said, \"I am not in favour of religious obscurantism. But neither do I wish to elevate a sub-standard writer into a hero.\"Referring to the Jaipur lit fest, Katju said one would have expected \"serious discussion on literature, particularly indigenous literature\" of the likes of Kabir, Premchand, Sharat Chandra, Manto, Ghalib, Faiz, Kazi Nazrul Islam and Subramania Bharti. ``Kabir and Tulsidas are no good because they lived on the ghats of Benaras, whereas Rushdie is great because he lives on the ghats of the Thames! This is the mental level of our 'intellectuals and 'literati',\" the former SC judge said.\"Instead the total focus at Jaipur appeared to be Rushdie. Two personalities linked with films were projected as 'the finest poets' in India, though to my mind their work is of a very inferior order. This is the low level to which the Jaipur Festival sank,\" Katju contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633575", "title": "Black money panel gets one-month extension", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance ministry has extended by one month till February the timeframe for a high-level committee on black money to submit its report on measures to toughen laws to curb spiriting away of unaccounted wealth.The high-level committee, headed by chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes, is mandated to recommend ways to check generation of black money in the country and its illegal transfer abroad and its recovery.The committee was to submit its report within six months and comprised heads of Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Enforcement Directorate, Financial Intelligence Unit and senior officials from of finance ministry as its members.The panel was set up after civil society and Opposition brought to bear pressure on the government demanding actions against culprits and also the estimation of such illicit wealth.The term of the committee has been extended twice. It is examining the existing legal and administrative framework to deal with the menace of generation of black money through illegal means, including declaring wealth generated illegally as national asset, as demanded by Baba Ramdev, amending laws to confiscate and recover such assets and providing for exemplary punishment against its perpetrators.Some changes were suggested to strengthen the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. It was also decided that the existing provision in the Income Tax Act should be used to prosecute those found with undisclosed income rather than leaving them after accounting for tax and penalty.Over the last few months, the Income Tax department had taken many such offenders to court when search and seizure operation revealed they had generated black money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635148", "title": "Centre nod for TN demands at Kudankulam", "text": "CHENNAI: The backroom talks to seek Tamil Nadu's cooperation to get the Kudankulam nuclear power project back on track appear to have paid off. Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy told TOI that the Centre has agreed to Tamil Nadu's demands to provide basic facilities as sought by it for villages in and around the upcoming nuclear plant, thus paving the ground for its quick commissioning.Tamil Nadu is also driving a hard bargain to get a bigger share of power, about 1,000 MW from the first reactor. The state's demands, including new schools, electricity, drinking water, cold storage facility for fishermen, jetty and other amenities that would be provided under the Nuclear Power Corporation's corporate social responsibility, were put forth during the meeting between chief minister J Jayalalithaa and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on December 26, 2011, when he was in Chennai.\"The Prime Minister agreed to all the demands and the Monday's meeting between NPC and Tamil Nadu officials (led by chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi) is a sequel to the December meeting,\" Narayanasamy said. The Centre's decision is expected to soften the stand of Tamil Nadu during the fourth round of meeting of Centre's expert committee and the state panel, which includes anti-nuclear activists and scheduled for January 30 in Tirunelveli. The Centre, meanwhile, has hardened its stand against the anti-nuclear activists spearheading agitations against the project and issued notices under the Foreign Contributions Regulations Act (FCRA) 1976 to three non-government organisations based in Tuticorin and nearby districts.Narayanasamy said notices have been issued under the FCRA to two NGOs managed by the Tuticorin bishop Evan Ambrose and another run by anti-nuclear activist S P Udayakumar. \"The notices were issued after their accounts showed receipt of foreign exchange to the tune of Rs 55.5 crore. The two NGOs managed by Ambrose together have received Rs 54 crore in foreign exchange and the NGO managed by Udayakumar has got Rs 1.5 crore. The home ministry officials conducted three enquiries and have submitted their reports. Action will be taken by the Union home minister after ascertaining whether the money has been spent for the purpose for which it was received,\" Narayanasamy said.The Union minister alleged that huge money is being spent to fuel the agitations against the nuclear plant. \"The antinuclear activists have been organizing meetings and agitations.They pay money to the participants of the agitations and when asked for the source, they say that money is being collected from the local residents. They don't maintain proper accounts for the money collected,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11636057", "title": "Chennai mega region in offing, to include parts of 3 nearby districts", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government is likely to expand the designated Chennai metropolitan area by almost seven times to include some key suburbs and industrial townships with the aim of strengthening their infrastructure. Once the proposal for the Chennai mega region gets official sanction, the state government will set up the Chennai Regional Development Authority (CRDA) to ensure balanced regional development of the area covering about 8,000sqkm, up from the existing 1,189sqkm.Senior state officials have proposed the inclusion of portions of three districts - Sriperumbudur in the west, Kancheepuram in the south and Tiruvallur in the north - in the Chennai metropolitan area. The provisional Census 2011 data shows that Chennai recorded a decennial growth of 7.7%, while the neighbouring Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts grew by 38.69% and 35.25% respectively, indicating a remarkable spurt in the growth of population in city's suburbs.Officials say unscientific land use has restricted development of the urban area, while housing, transportation, drinking water supply and sewerage system remained below par. Low-cost land in the suburbs brought in many new housing colonies in the recent years. In the last decade, the population of Kancheepuram rose by 11 lakh, while in Tiruvallur it increased by 9.7 lakh, straining Chennai's infrastructure.\"There is a need for an authority like the CRDA to check unorganised growth and provide development in phases. The authority can monitor the needs of fast expanding areas along GST Road, Sriperumbudur and IT corridor beyond the city limits,\" said a senior government official.The present master plan says that the population of Chennai metropolitan area will touch 1.25 crore by 2026. Migration is the prime reason for the rise in population in Chennai's neighbouring districts, say officials.People came, not just from the southern districts in search of jobs, but from other states such as Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Orissa and Manipur for construction activities.\"The government feels that greater emphasis on better transportation and road infrastructure for the wellbeing of the working class is needed,\" said an official.The draft plan envisages CRDA as a statutory body. It will help develop urban settlements like satellite towns with adequate infrastructure, help evolve regional and sub-regional plans, and formulate policies for the Chennai mega region.It will promote projects for new growth centres; assign population and project infrastructure region-wise, besides preserving the agricultural characters of the region.\"The agency will take care of the integrated plans and policies of the region and direct investments for the exclusive region,\" the official said. \"It will take a couple of years to bring CRDA to shape, but the preliminary works have begun. Public consultations will be held as part of the exercise,\" the official added.CRDA will be the state's equivalent to Delhi's National Capital Regional Planning Board of the Union Ministry of Urban Development, Mumbai's Metropolitan Region Development Authority and Bangalore Metropolitan Region Development Authority.In 2008, Andhra Pradesh set up the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority by expanding its Urban Development Authority to cover 7,100sqkm.The expanded limits of HUDA now extend to five districts, having nearly 900 villages .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11633424", "title": "CM pacifies irked freedom fighters", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Chief minister Arjun Munda has managed to pacify the agitated freedom fighters and convinced them to join the flag-hoisting ceremony of the district administration on Republic Day in Gopal Maidan on Thursday.The volunteers of the Sighbhum Zila Swatantra Senani Evam Utradhikari Sangh, (SZSSEUS), who had embarrassed the government during the last Independence Day boycotting the flag hosting ceremony, have decided to take a chance this time.SZSSEUS members not only embarrassed the government but also organized a separate flag hoisting ceremony on Tilak Bhawan campus, Bistupur despite request from the district administration.Munda has assured the freedom fighters and their kin of addressing their genuine grievances soon. \"The chief minister said the government is pursuing the matter concerning land allotment to freedom fighters and hence we have decided to join the flag hoisting ceremony this R-Day,\" said SZSSEUS convener Jagannath Mohanty.Mohanty, son of freedom fighter couple Ghanshyam and Basanti Mohanty, said Munda has assured them of allotting two acres of land either in Birsanagar or in Tuliyabera near Baliguma on National Highway (NH-33). \"We preferred Tuliyabera because, at present, it is a free land and in the years to come it will be developed,\" said Mohanty. Altogether 30 freedom fighters and their kin will benefit from the government.Though deputy CM Hemant Soren, who hoisted the tricolour on last Independence Day, announced that the demand of freedom fighters will be addressed in six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634783", "title": "VIP security: Not just guns, shield up for shoe attacks too", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's not just guns and bombs that the 25,000 security personnel guarding Rajpath and the rooftops of nearby buildings will be looking out for on Thursday. In a first, those of them placed near dignitaries will also watch for political missiles like shoes and ink.Delhi Police sources say more than 7,000 personnel in the security wing have been trained this time to prevent people in the stands from taking cheap shots at eminent personalities. \"We were devising a plan to counter such public action ever since Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar was attacked in New Delhi. However, the recent attack on Congress leader Rahul Gandhi in Dehradun forced us to take action immediately,'' said an officer on condition of anonymity.The drill for VIP duty now trains personnel to spot 'hostile movement'. \"We are training a batch of 60 personnel in one go. Officers are told that the public will always try to get close to leaders but they should be able to detect a hostile person in the crowd. They should be able to deflect the attack and also overpower the offender.\" The personnel have been trained at E Block of the security wing on Vinay Marg.A day before Republic Day, the police also made it clear that it would not be possible to accommodate all senior officers and politicians in the restricted parking zone. \"All these years, the park-and-ride scheme was meant only for the general public. Even though officers up to the rank of director, and equivalent, service officers, war widows, freedom fighters and MLAs were asked to park their vehicles at designated spots and take a bus, the parking sticker was often misused to push through the cordon and enter restricted areas. So, this year, we have not issued even the parking stickers to such dignitaries,'' said a traffic police officer.In other security arrangements, more than 25,000 police personnel, including NSG sharpshooters, have been deployed across the city. To ensure air security, the airspace over Delhi will remain closed from 11.15 am to 12.15 pm on Thursday. More than 160 CCTVs cameras are being used between Rajpath and Red Fort surveillance.A multi-layer security ring has already been put in place at Rajpath, where President Pratibha Patil will unfurl the Tricolour and take the salute of marching contingents. \"There is a special emphasis on anti-sabotage checks, access control measures and intelligence coordination. The entire route of the parade will be covered by special security and anti-terror arrangements. Elaborate air defence measures, including deployment of anti-aircraft guns, have also been taken to check intrusion in air space,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633681", "title": "After years, no specific terror threat on R-Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in many years, there are no specific security threat to the Republic Day celebrations in the national Capital and most other parts of the country.The Centre has issued generic security alert to states to keep their forces on maximum alert to ensure peaceful R-Day celebrations, including parades. However, except for the north-east, Kashmir and naxal-affected areas there are no specific security threats.\"We do not have any specific security threats. We have issued generic alerts to the security agencies, including the Delhi Police,\" one source said.Over the years, there have always been specific security threats to the R-Day parade here, be it from terrorists sneaking in from Pakistan , naxals or other militant groups.The elaborate Republic Day parade will, however, be heavily protected.The national Capital has been turned into a fortress, with the Delhi Police erecting barricades at all entry and exit points, several parts of the parade area being blocked to traffic and numerous spotters being deployed by the intelligence agencies across the city.Sources said the security establishment has apprehensions of some violence in the north-east, where the fear is of the ULFA trying to create some havoc. They are also worried about threats from militants in J&amp;K.; Specific warnings have been issued to the states concerned, sources said. The centre has also asked states affected by naxal violence to be alert to possible threats from Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11643193", "title": "CBI lens on graft cases in MTNL, BSNL, DoT", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission has referred three major cases involving officials of MTNL, BSNL and Department of Telecom to the CBI for criminal investigations. The three cases together have cost MTNL and BSNL loss of several hundred crores, according to CVC's initial estimates.CVC has referred to the CBI irregularities in issuance of International Long Distance (ILD) licence by Department of Telecom to a company promoted by a Hong Kong based entity. CVC has asked the CBI to also look at irregularities in sanction of credit limits by Canara Bank and Syndicate Bank to the same company. The CVC has estimated a total loss of Rs 543.03 crore to various departments because of the contract.CVC's own inquiry into the ILD licence contract showed that it was awarded within 10 days of application and the MoU between the company and BSNL regarding interconnection was signed without finalizing commercial terms. The inquiry also found that the company violated agreement terms by undertaking commercial calls during the testing period and was continuously defaulting.The CVC said due to \"relaxation and negligence on the part of officials\", BSNL suffered a loss of Rs 219.62 crore. Moreover, the CVC also found that the Department of Telecom and MTNL suffered loss of Rs 15.63 crore and Rs 8.60 crore.The CVC found that the grant of facilities by banks showed that Syndicate Bank and Canara Bank \"neither exercised due diligence nor followed prescribed procedures\".The CVC has also called in the CBI to investigate the purchase of 401,000 WLL CDMA integrated FWTs (Fixed Wireless Terminals) by BSNL. A CVC inquiry found that the high value purchase, of Rs 104 crore, was made from a firm \"by extending undue favour violating guidelines of BSNL.\" Suspecting a criminal conspiracy, the CBI has been asked to investigate the case.The third case handed over to CBI for criminal investigation by the CVC to investigate acts of \"commission and omission\" and \"criminal conspiracy on the part of BSNL officials\" in awarding the marketing and advertisement contracts of BSNL. The CVC's inquiry found credibility in the case forwarded by Department of Telecom on the issue.The CVC has found irregularities in the appointment of a part-time non-official director for dealing with the contract, though BSNL already had six full time directors. The state telecom firm awarded the contract for advertisement jobs in electronic media to a non-empanelled agency and also irregularly carried out empanelment of outdoor media agencies, the CVC inquiry found.The CVC found that there were \"acts of commission and omission in support of the allegations of criminal conspiracy on the part of BSNL officials\" in awarded marketing/advertisement contracts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634674", "title": "Govt to HC: No milk sample contaminated", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving a clean chit to all leading milk suppliers in the capital, the state government on Wednesday told the Delhi high court that no sample of milk was found with materials injurious to health.\"No sample of milk was found having detergent, added urea, neutralizer or any other harmful substance,\" Delhi government's counsel Zubeda Begum informed a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, in response to a court notice.Claiming that milk suppliers have followed the prescribed standards under the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, the counsel added \"no survey sample of milk in Delhi lifted and analyzed by the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) was found deficient in fat or solid as prescribed by the Act.\" HC then asked the Centre, under which the FSSAI functions, to respond to the reply filed by the state government.Earlier this month, taking suo motu cognizance over a TOI report that 70 per cent of milk samples lifted from the capital were found contaminated, the bench had sought the government's response.The counsel added in the government's reply that the Department of Prevention of Food Adulteration has already held a meeting with the suppliers, including Mother Dairy, DMS, Amul, Paras and other dairies, which have assured the government to take all steps not to supply substandard quality milk in the market. She said the contamination found in the milk samples may have come from impure water and the suppliers have been told to ensure water supply isn't contaminated.\"As much as 70% of milk samples picked up from the capital by a government agency failed to conform to standards,\" the FSSAI in its report had said.\"Of the 71 samples randomly taken from Delhi for testing by the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), 50 were found to be contaminated with glucose and skimmed milk powder (SMP), which is usually added to milk in the lean season to enhance volumes,\" it added.\"Elsewhere in the 33 states and UTs studied, milk was found adulterated with detergent, fat and even urea, besides the age-old dilution with water. Across the country, 68.4% of the samples were found contaminated,\" the report also stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ralegan siddhi", "code": "11639144", "title": "Decentralise power, Anna Hazare says at R-Day function", "text": "RALEGAN SIDDHI: Spelling out that his next phase of agitation would be to achieve \"power for the people\", veteran social activist Anna Hazare today said time had come for the masses to enjoy the fruits of democracy.\"Today power is concentrated in Mantralaya (secretariat)in Mumbai or in Delhi. There is a need for decentralisation of power,\" Hazare said after unfurling the tricolour at the Republic Day celebrations in his village here in western Maharashtra.\"Anna has indicated that so far the fight was for a strong Lokpal. That would continue. However, today he spoke about broadening the movement and making it a campaign to achieve decentralisation of power,\" the Gandhian's aide Datta Awari told PTI.The meaning of the word Republic is \"power to the people\".However, that is not the case today, Hazare said.Bollywood actor Anupam Kher , who attended the programme, said that he would provide free training to Ralegan youth at his acting institute in Mumbai. Kher had also attended Hazare's fast in Mumbai last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11635038", "title": "'Ramayana explores human values\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: GGN Institute of Management and Technology (GGNIMT) organized a seminar on \"Findings of international research on Ramayana\" on Tuesday.Ashok Kumar Kainth, an international researcher, initiated the session by explaining to the students that Ramayana is an ancient Sanskrit epic that explores human values and the concept of dharma. He said people are ignorant of its existence in reality and consider it to be a myth.He informed the students that he along with his team visited Sri Lanka and explored facts and evidences of the same. He informed them of the evidences of two under waterpalaces of Ravana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635649", "title": "Civic activism at its peak, but K-West in logjam", "text": "The K-West ward is where the glitz and the squalor exist check by jowl. Along with the bungalows and highrises in Juhu, Oshiwara and Lokhandwala are the rows of hutments in Gilbert Hill, Indira Nagar and Prem Nagar. And residents of this ward, which is witnessing one of the major infrastructural development in the city, namely the Metro, are striving their best to cope with the challenges thrown at them every day in the forms of dug-up roads, excruciating snarls, poor amenities, water shortage and even absence of civic schools.Vocal about their choices, the people here were the first to elect their first citizens' candidate in 2007. Their activism was not restricted to that: They have been at the forefront of protests against \"inappropriate\" government moves, eg. the elevated Metro route, and they have also managed to save a handful of open spaces from the clutches of corrupt builders. This poll will witness several citizen candidates contesting, and sitting corporators from both the Congress (six seats in BMC) and Shiv Sena (five) may have to fight a tough battle to retain their seats. Besides Adolf D'Souza, the first citizen candidate to win a civic poll, the others to have joined the fray are Sherley Singh from Juhu, Hina Shroff from Vile Parle and Neha Kumar from Juhu.But civic activism also seems to have its drawback. \"There is no coordination though people have been empowered. Three ward members are contesting but people do not believe in team work. For most, the corporator is mai-baap,\" D'- souza said.Citizens hope that the battle is not lost in the tussle among contesters, as they-those from posh areas as well as the slums-are at their wits' end battling civic monsters. With the slum redevelopment scheme or the Dattak Vastak Yojana projects not conducted properly, slums at Gilbert Hill, Nehru Nagar, Indra Nagar and Prem Nagar are reeling from poor infrastructure and lack of basic amenities such as water supply and cleaning up of garbage. Those staying in posh Juhu, Versova and Lokhandwala, the home of actors and celebrities may not face the same problems, but all suffers from water crisis. And, the roads are a nightmare. The work for the Metro corridor (Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar) has left the main road dug up.\"With pillars being built and heavy machines manoeuvering through, it is impossible to move an inch. Encroachments and illegal parking choke the roads. There is no pavement,\" said Karthik Subbaraman from Shri Ram Nagar in Andheri. \"Juhu Lane, where the flyovers are being built and the circle below the bridge along S V Road are a nightmare.\" The ward is also flooded every monsoon. According to Ahmed Shaikh, a slumdweller from Juhu Galli, said his area did not have even one civic school. Sena leader Rajul Patel from Tarapore Garden blamed the state for it. \"Most reserved plots are under Mhada and it isn't willing to hand over any for BMC work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11635920", "title": "Republic isn't mighty after all", "text": "BANGALORE: Let us reiterate that India is a sovereign democratic republic. We would imagine freedom of expression accompanies these ideals that India represents. But author Salman Rushdie faced the ire of zealots, who successfully opposed his plan to visit the literary festival in Jaipur.\"A writer is also a citizen and freedom of speech is applicable to the writer as it is to the common man,\" points out author Shashi Deshpande. \"But freedom is often curtailed because of controversies put forth by people. There was furore about artist MF Husain's works and AK Ramanujan's scholarly text on the Ramayana was dropped from the Delhi University syllabus not so long ago. Why?\"Where language, temples and borders are concerned, writers have had to face people's ire for centuries, writer for Kannada serials MS Narasimhamurthy says. \"This is because a mob has no head but creative people can't work within boundaries!\"\"Basavanna faced angry mobs way back in 12th century. When religion comes into writing, there's often tension,\" he points out.Narasimhamurthy remembers the time when Bangalore Doordarshan Kendra had to withdraw its newly introduced Urdu news bulletin in the mid-1990s in the face of massive public protest. \"The then CM Ramakrishna Hegde went on air to apologize,\" he adds.\"So why write at all?\" wonders Kannada author Rajendra Karanth. \"Writing is all about freedom of expression, and this, in fact, applies to any form of art. Working within a frame is akin to still waters that don't flow anywhere,\" he asserts.Beyond the boundaries, the laws defining freedom of speech lie in a grey area, feels author Jahnavi Barua. \"It is also ambiguous when freedom of speech can get offensive,\" she says. \"Unless the law is crystal clear, writers will continue facing ire. And then again, things could be offensive well within the law, too!\"Shashi, who believes in writing with good taste, hammers the nail: \"Rushdie, the poor man who has been facing so much of flak, would have been a much more wholesome writer without this controversy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11640456", "title": "Apple briefly tops Exxon to become most valuable co", "text": "NEW YORK: A day after Apple posted historic quarterly profits, the technology giant surpassed oil major ExxonMobil to briefly become the most valuable company in the world when its market value touched $419 billion.During trading yesterday, the California company's shares were up by as much as 8 per cent, pushing its market value to $419 billion.Exxon on the other hand saw its shares fall by two per cent.Apple ended the day with its stock rising 6.3 per cent to $446.66 a share.The oil company however regained its numero uno position at the market's close.Exxon Mobil's stock closed up four cents at $87.22 for a market capitalisation of $418 billion.Apple closed the day's trading with a market cap of about $415 billion.Apple had first surpassed Exxon last August to become the most valuable US company but had then fallen back to second place.In one of the most profitable quarters ever for any US company, Apple's net income more than doubled to $13.06 billion in the October-December quarter boosted by strong sales of its bestsellers iPhone , iPad and Macintosh computers.Apple said it had a net income of six billion dollars in the first quarter ended December 25, 2010.The company registered a record revenue of $46.33 billion during the last quarter of 2011 compared to $26.74 billion in the year-ago period.\"We are thrilled with our outstanding results and record- breaking sales of iPhones, iPads and Macs. Apple's momentum is incredibly strong, and we have some amazing new products in the pipeline,\" Apple CEO Tim Cook said.During the quarter, Apple sold 37.04 million iPhones, representing 128 per cent unit growth over the year-ago period.It sold 15.43 million iPad units, more than double (111 per cent) of what it had sold a year earlier.Apple sold 5.2 million Macintosh computers, up 26 per cent from a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11635137", "title": "New party to push for local trains", "text": "NASHIK: A newly formed party has floated the idea of introducing a local train service within Nashik city.Santosh Gosavi, secretary, Janrajya Aghadi, told TOI, \"The local train service within the city will be one of the major issues on our agenda for the ensuing elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation. Looking at the population growth, a local train service is needed for Nashik and canals across the city can be utilized for the project.\" Gosavi added that his party would make efforts to highlight the city's needs and convince the government to take appropriate decisions.Areas on the outskirts of Nashik city are developing at a fast pace and the city bus service is not efficient enough to cater to the residents of these areas. Besides, the frequency of city buses is more on specific routes. The local train service, as proposed by Janrajya Aghadi, will connect the outlying areas as well.\"The other issues on the agenda will include Nashik's development, employment generation and making efforts to bring large industrial projects to the city,\" Gosavi added.\"We will contest elections to the NMC on our own and will not form an alliance with any other party. Of the total 122 seats, we will contest 80 seats. We have already announced the first list of 7 candidates. The list of the rest of the party candidates for the NMC elections is to be announced in a day or two.\"Janrajya Aghadi was recently established by Apoorva Hirey, who hails from a political family based in Malegaon. His father, Prashant Hirey, is with the NCP, while his grandmother, Pushpatai Hirey, is a former minister and a protege of Sharad Pawar . The Hireys are considered one of the most influential families in Nashik district.. Apoorva is from a political family based in Malegaon- the Hireys. His father, Prashant Hirey, is with the NCP, while grand-mother Pushpatai Hirey is a former minister and a protege of Sharad Pawar. Her husband Vynkatrao was son of educationist Bhausaheb Hirey. The Hireys have been one of the most influential families in Nashik district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11638557", "title": "Wedding bells for Ananya", "text": "Actress Ananya, who shot to fame in Kollywood with her performance in films including Naadodigal, Seedan and the recentlyreleased Engaeyum Eppodhum, is all set to tie the knot.While her engagement will take place in Ernakulam in the first week of February, she's likely to walk down the aisle in August this year. Confirming the news, Ananya's father says, \"She is getting engaged to Thrissur-based businessman Anchaneyan on February 2 and we will set the wedding date then. It's an arranged marriage and she's happy with our choice.\" While the actress is busy with handful of films in Mollywood, we hear Ananya has signed up a couple more in Kollywood, including Iravum Pagalum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11634232", "title": "Should Goa increase the number of instructional days in its schools?", "text": "Having more instructional days will not ensure better results. Life is a learning process and children can learn at home, in their neighbourhood, their village or town. They should learn at their pace. Children have a right to be happy and an instinct to learn. If schools have a learning atmosphere with teaching matter that is relevant to them, holidays will be a punishment for kids as they would love to be in school. Learning should be fun not forced.Caroline Collassoadvocate, MapusaThe number of instructional days and holidays are just okay for the students so there is no need to increase the instructional days. If there is any need to make any change then there should be a increase in the number of hours per day. Full days schools are better as it helps teachers and students to interact with each other.Ritesh Rawalstudent, NavelimI don't think so, because most of the Goan schools lack the required infrastructure and the RTE Act calls for better infrastructure in schools. Infrastructural facilities like an all-weather building with at least one classroom for every teacher and an office for the head teacher, a separate toilet for girls and boys, a playground, a library for every school with sufficient reading material and drinking water facilities are among some of the basic requirements that have been recommended under the Act. All this needs to be put in place before more instructional days are added to schools.Deepa Desaiteacher, CanaconaYes, Goa should increase the instructional days for students in its schools for various reasons. Firstly, the competition in every field has become very tough so more time has to be spent on teaching and learning. More time is required for extra-curricular activities and allround development of students. Besides, teachers can complete the portion without hurrying through which will give students good guidance and training.Vincent Brittoteacher , Siolim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11635775", "title": "A nanoparticle trick to boost body\u2019s vaccine response", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed synthetic nanoparticles capable of mimicking part of the body's immune system, which they say could help optimize vaccine responses and also lead to developing customized vaccines.The tiny capsules, created by researchers from the Duke University in the US, are able to encourage the body to accept vaccines against illnesses and infections. After successfully testing the new nanoparticles on mice, the researchers are now hoping they could soon be suitable for humans, the BBC reported.In their study, published in journal Nature Materials, the Duke team aimed to hijack a natural immune response involving cells called mast cells found in the skin. These cells are a key part of the driving force behind the itching and swelling during an allergic reaction, but are also thought to play a role in the \"innate immune system\", which reacts to infection.Dr Soman Abraham, lead researcher, said that the individual chemicals used were already approved for use in humans in US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634643", "title": "Big awareness needed about tiny gland Thyroid", "text": "NAGPUR: Technical advances have always proved to be a blessing for health care. Improved diagnostics are now helping in the early detection of thyroid problems, which affect one in every five people.Although the ailments are so common, doctors wish there were more awareness and stringent screenings of the diseases related to the tiny gland. They advise people from high risk groups to be especially vigilant about the presence of some thyroid problem in case of unexplained weight gain or loss.Doctors spoke about these issues at a CME organized by Vidarbha Association of Pathologists and Microbiologist ( VAPM) on thyroid pathology in memory of senior pathologist Dr Lalit Jain on Sunday. Well-known surgical pathologist Dr Anita Borges, head of histopathology, SL Raheja Hospital, Mumbai, and Dr DV Deshpande, consultant thyroid specialist, Jasleen Hospital, spoke to the members of the association about the disorder.\"There is a general increase in the instances of auto-immune diseases, in which the body's immune system fails to perform its functions. It also includes thyroid disorders. Though iodine deficiency is a known cause for it, deficiency of micro-nutrients like iron can also increase the problem,\" said city endocrinologist Dr Shailesh Pitale.He praised the efforts of gynaecologists as they try to screen every pregnant woman for hypothyroidism but advocated more stringent screenings in other high-risk groups. \"It is pretty much the norm in most Western countries and is being increasingly seen in the bigger cities as well,\" he added.\"Prevalence of thyroid problems can cause infertility in women in the child-bearing age. Mothers having it when they are pregnant may cause the baby to be miscarried or be born with some neurological disorders,\" said Dr D V Deshpande. She also said that the disorder can even be inherited from an affected mother to her baby.For a woman, the functioning of the gland is even more important as the hormonal balance of her body affects many aspects of her life, opined Dr Anita Borges, who gets referrals from all across South East Asian countries. She explained that not just the deficiency, but also the excess of iodine can cause the problem.With better testing facilities, however, the scenario has undergone a change. \"There are more people who are getting tested voluntarily, even without a doctor's prescription. The low cost of the tests are also a reason for it,\" opined Dr Shailesh Mundhada, president of Vidarbha Association of Pathologists and Microbiologists (VAPM). \"Hypothyroidism creates problems like weight gain, intolerance to cold, pain in the muscles and induces lethargy. Hyperthyroidism, on the other hand, can cause unexplained weight loss , excessive perspiration, intolerance to heat and an increase in the appetite,\" he explained.Endocrinologist Dr Pramod Gandhi agreed, but said that there was a definite rise in number of cases, too. \"When patients come to us, they are not at advanced stage of disease very often as was the case in the past. As the symptoms of the disorder are vague, they are often confused with other disorders, thus making people affected by thyroid problems unaware of their own condition,\" he said.The doctor advised young females to be more alert as thyroid problems are very common among them. He also said that ascribing obesity to thyroid problems is a grave misconception. \"The condition can only cause a weight gain between 2-5 kg. So, it is unfair for someone to say the reason of one's obesity is a thyroid problem,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11637741", "title": "Amitabh, Rajinikanth: Reunion after 28 yrs", "text": "They shared screen space 28 years ago in T Rama Rao's Andha Kanoon.And now we hear that Amitabh Bachchan and Rajinikanth are gearing up to work together again, thanks to filmmaker Puri Jagannath. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the director recently met Rajini in Chennai with a story idea. According to a friend of Jagannath, the superstar, who has been busy with his daughter Soundarya's film, has agreed to come on-board the project. The source told us, \"Rajinikanth was excited by the idea of coming together with Big B again. He feels Puri, is the right person to pull off this casting coup.\"Puri, who has already worked with Big B in Buddah Hoga Tera Baap, confirmed the story and said, \"Yes, I met Rajini Sir in Chennai. I've wanted to work with him for the longest time. So far I hadn't dared to approach him because I could not think of a role that would do him justice. It's been my life-long dream to direct Amitji and Rajini Sir.\"On handling such a star cast, he added, \"It's a challenge that I would like to take on. Let's see how it goes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11635503", "title": "Eye on polls, Obama vows to keep US on top", "text": "WASHINGTON: Against the backdrop of a re-election bid this year, US president Barack Obama made a commitment to maintaining America's primacy in the world, warning China and Iran against confrontation, railing against US companies outsourcing jobs, and promising greater economic equality at home.In an extended 70-minute State of the Union address, more like a campaign opener, Obama also implicitly outlined the difference between himself and Mitt Romney, his likely opponent in the presidential elections, by proposing a tax reforms that will levy higher taxes on the wealthy. \"If you make more than $1 million a year, you should not pay less than 30% in taxes,\" Obama said, calling his proposal the Buffett Rule after the world's wealthiest man, Warren Buffett, who revealed he was paying less tax than his secretary under the current tax code, and who has pushed for reform. \"Now, call this class warfare if you want, but asking a billionaire to pay at least as much taxes as his secretary would be common sense.\" The remarks were also a jibe at his Republican opponents, some of whom have accused him of instigating the poor and initiating a class war. Although, Obama did not take Romney's name, the oblique reference was unmistakable.While much of his address was directed at mollifying a restive American electorate chafing at economic hardship, Obama also made a strong case of a resurgent America which would not cede its leadership role in the world. \"America is back,\" the US president thundered, reeling off achievements on the foreign policy front that included eliminating Osama bin Laden in the past year. \"Anyone who tells you otherwise, anyone who tells you that America is in decline or that our influence has waned, doesn't know what they're talking about.\"In an implicit challenge to China, Obama presented US as a Pacific power and maintained that the \"renewal of American leadership can be felt across the globe\". America is determined to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon and challenge China and other competitors if they don't play by fair trade rules, he pledged. He promised to \"safeguard America's own security against those who threaten our citizens, our friends, and our interests,\" boasting that \"from Pakistan to Yemen , the al-Qaida operatives who remain are scrambling, knowing that they can't escape the reach of US\".But it was his rant against outsourcing of jobs that would be most striking to Indian industry, although much of it was aimed at US tax code that punished companies that chose to stay at home with high taxes.\"It is time to stop rewarding businesses that ship jobs overseas, and start rewarding those that create jobs right here in America,\" Obama said, asking lawmakers to send him tax reforms and pledging huge tax breaks to US manufacturers who kept jobs at home or brought them back from abroad. Obama also urged Congress to process immigration reform that would keep foreign students in US instead of sending them back to their home countries to start businesses and create jobs that America needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635454", "title": "Even babies to be charged \u00a3100 tickets for 2012 Olympics", "text": "It was the promise of the legacy, it is commonly agreed, that won the Games for London, that and David Beckham. But babies will not be welcome at the Summer Olympics, to the undisguised fury of ticket-holding parents.Organizers of the 2012 Games have confirmed that every child, including young babies carried by parents, will require their own ticket, even those who hadn't been conceived when the tickets were purchased.One of many angry parents on the influential website Mumsnet described it as the \"biggest rip-off in the history of London\".Around a third of the Olympics sessions had special 'pay your age' prices for those under 16, but for those events that didn't parents with newly born children find themselves in the position of having to buy new, and in some cases, full-price tickets costing more than \u00a3100 for their child. (The Independent)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633703", "title": "Controller of examinations suspended for forged docus", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai has suspended Vilas Shinde, the controller of examination, for allegedly submitting forged documents to support his work experience. Shinde, who was elevated from the position of an assistant professor of mechanical engineering to the head of the examinations department at the university in early 2008, was asked to proceed on leave as an inquiry team has been set up to examine his documents.Shinde, who was recently attacked by volunteers of the Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena, the student wing of the MNS, said there was a \"deep conspiracy\" against him and he would now take legal recourse for justice.Shinde is the third officer to be suspended in the last four years; previously, two registrars - Jayant Dighe and K Venkatramani - were ousted over irregularities in conduct of senate election. Now, deputy registrar (administration) S M Suryavanshi has been temporarily asked to fill in for Shinde. The suspension order, passed on Tuesday, is silent on the varsity's next course of action.Shinde's appointment has been a bone of contention among certain members of the management council for close to a year now. The council recently asked the state to intervene and probe the matter.The state's inquiry report said that Shinde did not possess the 15 years of work experience required for the post; so, the two-member committee suggested that he be suspended. On its part, the university will set up a one-member committee comprising a retired judge to look into Shinde's appointment.Shinde, however, told this paper that he was never called with a copy of his original documents by any investigating committee. \"There has been no clarification sought from my end. I feel the university was pressurized by a select group of people,\" Shinde told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11634414", "title": "PM of Tibetan govt-in-exile in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Prime Minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile, Dr Lobsang Sange, was on a two-day maiden visit to Arunachal. He arrived here on January 20 but his trip was kept under wraps and was revealed by officials only on Wednesday.The PM of the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA), with its headquarters in Dharnshala, visited the Chophelling Tibetan refugee camp at Miao in Changlang district. Interacting with the refugees in the camp, Dr Sange asked them to maintain peace and communal harmony, a source said.Dr Sange, a graduate from the Harvard Law School under Harvard University , is the youngest to lead the freedom struggle of the Tibetans. He became Prime Minister in August last year. The Tibetan refugees attached a lot of significance to his visit and showed great happiness. The camp, located at a distance of 4km from Miao, is one of the oldest settlements for refugees in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11637839", "title": "Gingrich, Romney set for tight finish in Florida", "text": "WASHINGTON: Newt Gingrich's popularity has surged in Florida following his upset win over Mitt Romney in the South Carolina primary, as the two Republicans fighting for a nomination to challenge Barack Obama intensify attacks on each other, heading into a make-or-break contest.According to latest polls, the former Massachusetts Governor, Romney, and the former Speaker of US House of Representatives, Gingrich, are headed for a tight finish in the Florida primary that is scheduled for January 31.With less than a week left for the major test, the two potential Republican candidates for the November presidential election intensified attacks on each other, sometimes making the discourse nasty.According to a CNN-Time-ORC International poll, Gingrich's popularity in Florida has surged ahead after his upset win over Romney in South Carolina primary last week.According to the poll, 36 per cent of the people likely to vote in the January 31 primary back Romney, while 34 per cent are for Gingrich, and Romney's margin is well within the survey's sampling error, the poll said.Romney leads by a margin of just 1.2 per cent - within the sampling error -- against Gingrich according to compilation of all the recent polls by RealClearPolitics.Com.Former Pennsylvania Senator, Rick Santorum , and Texas Congressman, Ron Paul , are the other two candidates left in the fray.The four candidates are headed for another debate, which is being considered vital for Romney and Gingrich.Meanwhile, the Romney campaign has roped in Senator John McCain , the 2008 Republican presidential nominee.In a teleconference with reporters, McCain accused the former House Speaker of encouraging an explosion of earmarks that ultimately led to corruption in the US Congress and for having a leadership style that would be problematic as president.\"The fact is he was a failed speaker and was not sent back. He could not have been re-elected as Speaker of the House and his leadership style was a major factor in giving him lack of support for re-election as speaker,\" McCain alleged.On the other hand, Gingrich disparaged Romney's personal wealth at a campaign stop.\"I think you have to live in a world of Swiss bank accounts and Cayman Island accounts and automatically, you know, USD 20 million a year income for no work to have, some fantasy this far from reality,\" Gingrich said at a 'Meet the Candidates' forum in Miami .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11634244", "title": "NCP Siolim youth prez resigns, says seat sold", "text": "MAPUSA: In a jolt to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in the run-up to the assembly election, the Siolim block youth president Abhijit Dhargalkar resigned from the party on Wednesday alleging that the Siolim ticket has been 'sold' to the Congress by some leaders of the party.\"I resigned from the basic membership of NCP and relinquished the party post,\" said Abhijit Dhargalkar.In the Congress-NCP alliance government Siolim is the seat for NCP and, according to Dhargalkar, Siolim was promised to them by both the high commands. Dhargalkar joined NCP in 2010 and was the aspirant for the NCP ticket to contest from Siolim. Dhargalkar claimed party leadership sat in Delhi on Tuesday and decided to allot Siolim for congress candidate observing that NCP has no suitable candidate to contest from Siolim.\"We have been working hard for the party. If I was denied a ticket and any anybody else from NCP was provided ticket then I would have supported and worked for him but I will definitely not support a Congress candidate,\" Dhargalkar added.Dhargalkar who claims to have the support of youths from Siolim also hinted at floating his own party and a desire to contest in 10 constituencies. \"NCP is certainly a good party to work with but some leaders have been damaging the party. Selling of tickets for money is definitely not good, I fear my name will be sullied therefore I decided to quit the party,\" Dhargalkar said.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635737", "title": "Opposition parties grab tainted BSP leaders", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati's 'discards' are now turning out be 'assets' for the opposition parties. The ministers and MLAs sacked by her on charges of corruption and involvement in criminal activities are getting tickets for other parties for the upcoming assembly elections. Latest in the series is Rajpal Tygai who has been fielded by SP from Muradnagar assembly seat in Ghaziabad.Tyagi was dropped by Mayawati from her cabinet last month after the High Court ordered a CBI probe into a fake encounter case. Rajpal Tyagi has been accused of influencing police to kill his rival Ravindra Tyagi in a fake encounter last year. A Lokayukta probe against him is also in the final stage.However, SP on Wednesday replaced Dikshant Tyagi, who was earlier given ticket from Muradnagar, with Tygai. The SP leaders said that the High Court has only ordered an inquiry against Rajpal Tyagi. He has not been found guilty as yet, they said. Significantly, earlier, two MLAs -- Guddu Pandit and Sher Bahadur Singh -- expelled by Mayawati on charges of involvement in criminal activities were also given ticket by the SP. SP is not the only party to grab expelled BSP MLAs and ministers. BJP has given tickets to three ministers in Mayawati government -- Daddan Mishra, Awdhesh Kumar Verma and Badshah Singh. The three leaders were sacked by Mayawati on charges of corruption and neglecting their constituencies. Badshah Singh was indicted by the Lokayukta.BJP had also inducted former family welfare minister in Mayawati cabinet Babu Singh Kushwaha, who is prime suspect in National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. Mayawati had removed and later expelled Kushwaha after surfacing of NRHM scam. The BJP was forced to suspend Kushwaha's membership after some senior leaders opposed his induction. However, Kushwaha is campaigning for BJP for the elections to be held in February.RLD has also given tickets for elections to three tainted BSP MLAs -- Thakur Yashpal Singh, Haji Yakub Quereshi and Shanawaz Rana. While Yashpal Singh was expelled by Mayawati on corruption charges, Quereshi was axed for his alleged derogatory remarks for Sikh community and Rana for trying to protect his nephew accused of kidnapping and raping two Delhi-based girls.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635714", "title": "3 corporators join BJP in Ulhasnagar", "text": "Three corporators, including two from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), have joined the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ). Sujata Rijhwani and Manju Pokrani joined the party in the presence of legislator Kumar Ailani. The third, Mohan Gara, belongs to Sai Balram's Secular Alliance of India (SAI) party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11633311", "title": "10 kg explosives recovered in Howrah-bound train", "text": "RANCHI: Government Railway Police (GRP) have recovered around 10 kg explosives from the Jamalpur-Howrah Express at Barharwa station in Sahebgunj district on the intervening night of Tuesday-Wednesday.The explosives were recovered from a general coach of the Howrah-bound train during a checking.Sources in the GRP revealed that they had information from Kolkata police that criminals were going to smuggle explosive materials from Jharkhand to West Bengal. On a tip-off from Kolkata, police teams started checking trains passing through the station and entering West Bengal.\"The information was that explosives were to be used in West Bengal to disturb Republic Day celebrations and so every luggage and coach was checked thoroughly. During the search, the explosives were recovered which could have been used to make around 20 powerful bombs to kill people and create panic at a public place,\" said a source.Confirming the recovery, SP (railway) P K Srivastava said the explosives were recovered from an unclaimed bag lying under a seat in the general coach.\"The matter is very sensitive and it will not be correct to say anything in a hurry because we have not been able to arrest any person. After we arrest and interrogate the people involved in smuggling of explosives, we will be in a position to say something concrete,\" said Srivastava adding that in the meantime they had intensified checking in all the trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11635884", "title": "Iron ladies meet, find common cause", "text": "IMPHAL: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee took poll-bound Manipur by storm on Wednesday during a two-and-ahalf hour trip, which she began with a visit to Irom Sharmila Chanu and a promise to lift the \"draconian\" Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) if voted to power.Immediately after landing at the Tulihal airport here, the chief minister of Bengal drove to the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences, where the 'Iron Lady of Manipur' is on a 12-year-long fast demanding revocation of the AFSPA.. Mamata's unscheduled visit to Sharmila, who is in judicial custody and is being forcefed through her nose, and her AFSPA promise created sensation in a state whose citizens have, for many years now, been demanding the lifting of the Act that they claim has been misused by the security forces to kill and maim many people.Sharmila herself was surprised to see Mamata walking into her cabin in the ground floor of the hospital at 2.15 pm. After greeting Sharmila, who began her fast on November 5, 2000, to protest the killing of 10 people at Malom (a village near Imphal) by security forces on November 2 that year, Mamata enquired about her health and gifted her a scarf. She told her she was aware of the sufferings of the people of Manipur and said her party would not allow \"Army rule\" in the state. \"I'll do my best to remove AFSPA from Manipur,\" Mamata promised. She requested Sharmila to take care of her health and hoped she would have a reason to end her fast soon.Later, at a public rally she addressed at Langjing in Imphal, Mamata repeated her commitment to lift AFSPA, drawing thunderous applause. Lifting of the AFSPA is a highly emotive issue in Manipur and Mamata's words are bound to have an impact on the elections.\"Only Army rule cannot bring peace to Manipur. The common people have to be involved in decision-making and we will ensure a peaceful solution to the problem of insurgency,\" she said.Babloo Loitongbam of Human Rights Watch, who has himself been waging a long battle to get the Act revoked, told TOI: \"This is a very positive development and Mamata's gesture and promise has touched the hearts of the long-suffering people of Manipur. This will definitely give a boost to the Trinamool Congress in the polls\".\"Manipur is supposed to be golden land, but it is only dust that I see here. There are no roads worth the name. Corruption is killing this state. There's massive unemployment, and people are dying of cancer, tuberculosis, AIDS and drugs. I don't understand why the party which has been in power for so long cannot address these problems. They should be thrown out,\" Mamata said without naming the Congress.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635776", "title": "Housing for war widows gets HC nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the eve of Republic Day, the Delhi high court has cleared the roadblocks towards building of a society in the capital for war widows.HC in a ruling has upheld the reservation policy based on date of widowhood that is being followed by the Army while drawing up a list of widows eligible to get flats on compassionate grounds in Dwarka area in the city. A division bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said the rule framed by Army Welfare Housing Organisation (AWHO) to give flats to needy war widows on the basis of date on which they lost their husbands in battle doesn't require any interference.High cout's ruling came on a plea by 65-year-old widow of Major Puran Chander, who sacrificed his life in the 1965 war. She had challenged a particular rule under the 1987 Army Welfare Housing Organisation (AWHO) scheme, entitling war widows to seek allotment of flats only within two years of her husband's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635544", "title": "18 UP cops get President\u2019s medal", "text": "LUCKNOW: A total of 18 police officials of Uttar Pradesh have been awarded President's police medal for showing exemplary courage in arresting and killing dreaded criminals. Among the names of 18 awardees in the list is the name of Late Wakil Ahmed, a constable, who has been conferred with gallantry medal posthumously.Also in the list is head constable Ajay Prakash Tripathi , who has got second gallantry medal in a row. Ajay, who is presently posted in STF, got his first gallantry medal on August 15.Along with him sub-inspector Vikash Pandey also has been given gallantry medal.Also in the list to have been conferred with gallantry medal is STF ASP Sahab Rashid Khan and deputy superintendent of police Triveni Singh.The list interestingly has at least five police officials who are presently posted in Lucknow.They include SP (east) Vijay Bhushan, SOG incharge Girija Shanker Tripathi , SO Vikasnagar Ravindranath Rai, constable Brijesh Singh and Yogendra Singh.Others in the list are inspector Bajender Singh Tyagi, S-I , Devesh Singh, SIs Gajendra Pal Singh, Samarjeet Singh and Ravindra Nath Vashisht and constable Vijay Pratap Singh.Similarly, IG Sashastra Seema Bal's Frontier headquarters , Anil Agrawal, has also been conferred president's medal for distinguished services. Similarly, 11 others from SSB have also been conferred with police medal for meritorious service.From UP police, those in meritorious services included SSP Jhansi Satish Ganesh, SSP Gautam Buddh Nagar Jyoti Narayan , SP (railway), Lucknow , Amitabh Yash and ASP Gautam Buddh Nagar Anant Deo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635950", "title": "Pulling the right strings to max wonder years", "text": "The pivotal moment for Devesh came when he was offered guitar lessons by his parents at the age of nine. He has not looked back since.The arising guitarist is now a fulltime high school student who occupies a prominent position in a progressive music band, which has won the prestigious annual Strawberry Fields Award. His school did more than just stand by him; he was marked on what he loved and what he was best at: Music.Devesh considers himself lucky. When asked about the resources and support his school, the American School of Bombay, provides, he said, \"I have no complaints. I think the support I receive personally for what I am doing is more than enough.\"The upcoming guitarist has company; music is a graded subject in his school, and the understanding that the teachers have for his musical commitment seems to stem from the school's perspective on music. \"Music events at ASB are an inseparable part of our school's identity, and are times for celebrating student accomplishments,\" said Craig Johnson, ASB superintendent.Kaisar Dopaishi of Singapore International School said that, \"Art is meant to be enjoyed.\" Putting a grade on something creative in nature, such as music, would inevitably be a highly subjective process. Students may further view music as an added academic burden, instead of coming to appreciate music, thus subverting the whole philosophy. However, many musicians and educators who were interviewed begged to differ. Mahindra United World College's music teacher, Ben Clark, said, \"I grade students on music. Yet, they enjoy their music lessons.\"Noted tabla player Aneesh Pradhan said that while the idea of grading music appeals to him, it is important to formulate or design the curriculum in a way that the present music situation can be taken into account.Regardless of whether music is taken as a graded subject, its importance for students remains unchanged. Apart from being a crucial cornerstone of culture, music has additional benefits, especially for budding students: A marked improvement in concentration skills. Indian classical musicologist Ramkrishna Das confirms this by saying, \"When you play an instrument or focus on singing in tune, you concentrate only on that and nothing else. This helps improve your concentration greatly.\"Studies to this effect have been made by a research team from the Stanford University School of Medicine. Vinod Menon, an associate professor of psychiatry and behavioural sciences at this Ivy League , concludes that people involved in learning music have better concentration powers than non-musically inclined people.Aneesh Pradhan further emphasizes the importance of music by saying that a connection with any musical form or instrument is good for the holistic development of a child. Learning an instrument helps in gaining control over muscle coordination and in developing a general dexterity.All said and done, the idea of implementing music in schools has gained a lot of brownie points. But the main question that arises is this: How does one strike a balance between work and fun?\"It depends on the skills of teachers, and the students' interest as well as proficiency,\" said Ramesh Joshi, general secretary of the Brihanmumbai Mahapalika Shikshak Sabha. His strong sentiments on the need for a firm academic grounding in foundational years are widely echoed. Music, it seems, is seen more as a skill which is important, but can be picked up in any stage of life. It remains to be seen whether students and teachers alike are ready to take music to the next level.Yoon Jung Choi &amp; Shloka V Sah | YOUNG EDITORS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "villupuram", "code": "11635333", "title": "Ramadoss kin held in murder case", "text": "VILLUPURAM: A CBI team on Wednesday arrested PMK founder-leader S Ramadoss' brother S Srinivasan and a PMK cadre, N M Karunanidhi, in connection with the murder of a relative of AIADMK minister C Ve Shanmugam in a poll-related violence in 2006.The two were produced before a Chengalpet court and remanded in judicial custody. The CBI had arrested eight persons in the case on January 6. Muruganantham, a relative of the commercial taxes and registration minister Shanmugam, was murdered by a 21-member armed gang during a meeting hosted by the minister near his residence immediately after the assembly elections on May 8, 2006 at Villupuram.The Roshanai police registered a case following a complaint filed by Shanmugam, who accused seven persons --Ramadoss, his son and former Union health minister Anbumani Ramadoss, brother Srinivasan, son-in-law Parasuraman and close relatives P Prathiban and NR Raghu and PMK candidate Karunanidhi -- of murdering Muruganantham and attempting to murder him. However, police excluded the names of seven persons while filing the chargesheet and named 14 others.Shanmugam moved the HC against their exclusion. The court in October 2011 transferred the case to the CBI after Shanmugam again moved a petition alleging bias in the investigations as PMK was an ally of the DMK, which was in power between 2006 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "11636637", "title": "Vijay Nambiar appointed as UNSC's special adviser on Myanmar", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Veteran Indian diplomat Vijay Nambiar has been appointed as special adviser on Myanmar, UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon announced today.Nambiar is currently Ban's Chief of Staff, a position he has held since 2007.\"Nambiar expressed (his) wish to step down, so as to allow me to compose a new team of senior managers for his second term as UN Chief,\" Ban told reporters announcing the appointment.Nambiar will move to serve as Ban's \"Special Advisor on Myanmar at an appropriate time, following the transition in my Executive Office,\" the UN Chief said, thanking the former Indian Permanent Representative to the UN for his \"unfailing support, wise counsel, and dedication in handling the many challenges that have faced the organisation during my first term.Nambiar previously served as India's ambassador to Pakistan, China and Afghanistan.Ban said the United Nations has been playing a key role in furthering the democratisation process of Myanmar.\"Encouraged\" by the recent release of political prisoners in the country, Ban said he is planning to visit Myanmar in the near future to have further discussions with the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11633486", "title": "Jatin Das, Minati Mishra get Padma awards", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Eminent painter Jatin Das (69) and oldest performing Odissi dancer Dr Minati Mishra (70), both from Odisha, have been chosen for Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri awards respectively, for 2012.The two awardees are among the 109 renowned persons to be conferred with Padma awards this year. President Pratibha Patil approved the names that included five Padma Vibhushan, 27 Padma Bhushan and 77 Padma Shri awardees, sources said.Jatin Das, father of famous Bollywood actress Nandita Das , said he felt happy for a few moments for getting the award. \"I will be happier if the government takes sincere steps to develop the state in all spheres,\" Das told a private news channel. Artists at his J D Centre of Art (JDCA) here erupted in joy after hearing the news. \"We are very elated and conveyed our wishes to Mr Das,\" an artist said.Born in Mayurbhanj district, Das has participated in art exhibitions, both at the national as well as the international level. Some of his memorable participations abroad were Biennales in Paris and Venice and the Documenta in Kessel, sources said.Happiness knew no bounds for the senior-most Odissi dancer Minati Mishra from Cuttack after bagging the coveted Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in the country. \"I saw the news on television. I am thankful to the jury for selecting me for the coveted award. It is a great honour for me,\" said Mishra, who has been performing Odissi since the last 60 years.The awards, announced each year on the occasion of Republic Day, are conferred by the President at a function held at Rashtrapati Bhawan sometime in March or April, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635028", "title": "PVSM for southern command chief", "text": "PUNE: The General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Indian army's southern command, Lt Gen A K Singh, has been awarded Param Vishisht Seva Medal (PVSM) in recognition of his devotion to duty and distinguished service. The award was declared on the eve of the Republic Day.Singh is the head of the Southern Command, the largest command of the Indian army. He was singularly responsible for conceiving and executing some of the largest ever maneuvers in the recent times. This included the two landmark exercises, 'Yodha Shakti' in 2010 and the recently held exercise 'Sudarshan Shakti', which displayed the might of the Indian army in the Thar desert.Singh is an officer with maximum operational experience, both as a field commander and in the military operations directorate.He had three tenures as the military operations directorate.Singh has also headed the foreign division of the Indian army and the challenging appointment of director general perspective planning where he was responsible for all future strategies, development of long-term perspectives and transformation of the Indian army in the 21st century including long-term budgeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634046", "title": "13/7 suspects faked bikes\u2019 documents : Police", "text": "MUMBAI: Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) officers said the roles of 13/7 suspects Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar, arrested for allegedly helping the outlawed terror outfit Indian Mujaheedin (IM) perpetrate the serial blasts, are becoming clearer.The ATS has allegedly stumbled on some vital evidence against Naqi and Nadeem. The Delhi police's special cell had been using Naqi to trap IM founder member Yasin Bhatkal and two Pakistani bomb planters. While the Delhi cops arrived in Mumbai in December along with Naqi to trap Pakistani nationals Waqqas and Tabrez, who were staying in a rented flat at Habib Apartments in Byculla, the ATS in January picked up Naqi. This scuttled the Delhi police's plans.ATS chief Rakesh Maria said Naqi and Nadeem helped Bhatkal and two others rent a flat, transport explosives and detonators from Delhi to Mumbai, and do recces of Zaveri Bazar and Opera House.ATS officers said investigations showed that Naqi and Nadeem stole four two-wheelers. The first two were Honda Activa scooters (MH01-WA-3042 and MH12-CJ-6509), which were stolen from the C P Tank and Hurkisondas Hospital areas, respectively. They were used to plant bombs at Zaveri Bazar and Opera House.A month after the blasts, Naqi and Nadeem allegedly stole two more two-wheelers-Unicorn bikes-from V P Road and Dongri.\"They hid the bikes at Nadeem's place in Madanpura, bought two second-hand bikes of the same make, used them for a month and then sold them,\" said an ATS officer.\"They made copies of the registration documents of the bikes they bought, used them for the stolen bikes, put new number plates on the latter and sent them to Bihar by train.\" The ATS has procured the railway receipts and duplicate copies of the bikes' registration books, which are now evidence in the case. Maria said: \"The two bikes have been seized. Some family members of Naqi and Nadeem were using them.\"\"If they are innocent, then why did they steal the bikes, forge documents and send the vehicles to their native place?\" argued an officer.Cops alleged that Naqi knew that he was ferrying explosives. The police also seized receipts from a gym near Zaveri Bazar where Naqi and Waqqas had taken membership but didn't submit photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11637475", "title": "India showcases military might, cultural heritage on R-Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: An impressive display of armour and unmanned aerial vehicles recently added to India's military prowess that was on full display at the 63rd Republic Day parade today that also showcased the country's rich heritage.The early morning chill did not deter people along the 8-km-parade route as they gathered on both sides of the majestic Rajpath, the country's ceremonial boulevard facing the Raisina Hills, and cheered the contingents as they went past portraying the diverse culture of the country.The well-turned out and synchronised military and police formations led by General Officer Commanding (Delhi) Lt Gen V K Pillai marched proudly to the lilting tunes of bands through the Rajpath where President Pratibha Patil , who is the Supreme Commander of Armed Forces, took salute.The impressive march-past was watched by chief guest Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, Vice President Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , defence minister A K Antony, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Marshal of Air Force Arjan Singh and top political and military brass.Police and other para-military forces turned Delhi into a a virtual fortress for the Republic Day celebrations as helicpoters scanned from air, snipers kept a hawk-eye vigil from rooftops and armed personnel at every nook and corner provided a ground-to-air security apparatus.Minutes before the parade began, Singh, Antony and chiefs of Army, Navy and Air Force laid wreaths at 'Amar Jawan Jyoti', an eternal flame in the memory of those who laid down their lives while defending the nation.After the customary 21-gun salute and unfurling of the national tricolour, President Patil presented Ashok Chakra -- the highest peacetime gallantry award -- posthumously to Lieutenant Navdeep Singh who died foiling an infiltration attempt by Pakistan-based terrorists along the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11635291", "title": "Three convicted for murder", "text": "KANPUR: Three persons, including a father and son, were convicted by the additional district and sessions judge XVI of Kanpur Nagar on Wednesday for committing a murder and sentenced them to life imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 20,000 each.The sentenced persons were identified as Mohd Zakir, his father Roza and Tasauvar, all resident of Jajmau. According to the prosecution, complainant Yasmin of Ooncha Tola Jajmau had lodged an FIR alleging that the accused persons, armed with sticks, had raided her house on June 7,2006 and assaulted her son Danish.They had escaped when neighbours had chased them away. Danish was rushed to private hospital and he was later shifted to LLR Hospital where he succumbed to his injuries. Motive for the murderous assault was a dispute over a cricket match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "11635390", "title": "Sarkozy: I\u2019ll quit politics if I lose power", "text": "PARIS: The French president, Nicolas Sarkozy , has said he will leave politics if he loses in the forthcoming presidential elections.The disclosure came in a report in Le Monde newspaper which suggested that Sarkozy had been talking to 'friends' about life after power. \"If I lose, I will give up politics. Yes, that's a certainty,\" he was quoted as saying. \"I will rebuild my life. You will never hear of me again.\"But it later emerged that the 'friends' were journalists to whom the president had spoken off the record during a visit last weekend.Despite poor opinion-poll ratings, officially Sarkozy remains confident of winning a second term. He believes the opinion-poll lead of Socialist candidate, FranAois Hollande, will \"melt away\" in February.(The Independent)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634683", "title": "'Movies on mobile may wipe out good cinema'", "text": "NAGPUR: As technology threatens to wipe out traditional way a movie was viewed, four representatives of the Federation of Film Societies of India, from the four regions of the country, met in the city on Wednesday to discuss ways of promoting and preserving good cinema.FFSI is a body having nearly 300 film societies affiliated with it and boasts of a membership of over one lakh film buffs. It promotes good cinema from around the world through film festivals and film appreciation workshops organised by the film societies under its aegis.With the advent of mobile downloads of films, the fear is that it would wipe out collective viewing and appreciation of good cinema. Sudhir Nandgaonkar, executive President of FFSI, felt, \"Cinema needs to be viewed and appreciated by an audience. Unless its nuances are discussed by a group of people, the evolving of good films would not take place. The 24x7 satellite channels have already affected the number of viewers in theatres and even at film festivals. Now with films available on mobile phones, this would be an activity done in isolation.\"The all India general secretary of the federation R. Mani said that they were now planning to decentralise the Federation's working with a state level body in every state. \"We will now try to hold regional film appreciation courses. So far these courses were being conducted in English. By establishing regional forums we would be able to include more people in this,\" he said.Anil Jain, secretary of northern region, believes viewing of sensible and sensitive cinema would change the taste of viewers. He said, \"We are promoting campus film societies in a big way. We want young students to develop a taste for good cinema. In the past we have been able to give impetus to Iranian films and now the focus is on films in different European languages.\"Describing cinema as text on celluloid, Premendra Mazumdar, vice-president of federation for the eastern region said, \"Good cinema keeps alive the valuable culture of a society and helps even rural and the less sophisticated strata to understand the ethos and values of a civilisation. The founder of this federation was Satyajit Ray whose films remain cornerstone of cinema. We want to perpetuate that culture and so are here to devise ways to do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635292", "title": "New fleet of mini buses to hit roads only in February", "text": "JAIPUR: New fleet of mini-buses which were to replace the low-floor buses in the Walled City will take time to hit the roads, as the Jaipur City Transport Service Limited (JCTSL) are awaiting exemption from value-added tax (VAT) by the state government.The JCTSL had announced in mid-December that mini buses would replace low-floor buses, which the traffic police declared unfit for plying in the congested area.An official said, \"We have sent a proposal to the state government seeking VAT exemption. A fleet of 20 buses cost around Rs 2 crore 10 lakhs and if we are exempt from VAT, that is, 14%, we can save around Rs 30 lakh.\" He added, \"It is expected the buses will be run within the first week of February.\"These buses will run on two to three routes covering most of the Walled City area. \"We have submitted the route map and are awaiting state government's approval,\" an official said. Also \"The places which were not covered by the bus service in the past will now be taken into account,\" he added.These buses will have a capacity to accommodate 30 passengers comfortably and 35 at the most. The buses will also provide relief to the traffic police that has a tough time managing vehicular movement at peak hours. \"Driving during peak hours is very time-consuming. It is a good move to replace the big low-floor buses,\" said Jatin Sharma, a shopkeeper in the Walled City area.After receiving tenders from Tata Motors , Ashok Leyland and Eicher Motors , JCTSL assigned the project to Tata Motors. Each bus will cost JCTSL nearly Rs 10.5 lakh. A team of officials had recently gone to Delhi to inspect the buses and suggested a few changes, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11635037", "title": "Can better designed bats help Indian cricket?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Cricket lovers in India are in a tizzy and the reason is obvious. Midst hype of Indian tigers mauling Kangaroos Down Under and Sachin Tendulkar's century of centuries, the Indian cricket team went down without much protest and gave a new lease of life to struggling Aussies, once the reigning champions of the sport.While there can be many reasons for the great fall, Aniruddha Chaturvedi, a student of toy and game design course of National Institute of Design (NID), has zeroed in on bats, one of the most important weapons in a player's hands. He believes bats have played a crucial role lately in shaping up India's tryst on foreign soil.Chaturvedi is at present doing diploma project with SG Cricket, one of the major producers of professional cricket gear in the country. He is working on ergonomics of cricket bats at the company and has also floated an idea of customized bats.\"Cricketers choose their favourite bats early in the career and generally stick to the height and weight of it. It is designed keeping in mind the pendulum motion and thickness at the sweet spot. Mass at bottom gives the swing and sweet spot generates power. A model bat should not mould a player's natural game but support his batting style,\" he said about bat design.Talking about Indian players, Chaturvedi said that senior players take years to decide on the bat's shape and weight and can perform with any bat but the question is, can the bat always help them perform? \"A bat shapes up player's style. M S Dhoni has strong forearms so he plays with a bottom-heavy bat with more willow powering the helicopter shot but one can't control the swing with a heavy bat. The helicopter shot is actually his follow-through when he goes hard at the ball. On the other hand, a batsman like Sourav Ganguly needs a balanced bat to play cover drives and off drives,\" he said.Chaturvedi, who is working closely with domestic players to understand their style and requirements as part of his study, is already in process of making prototypes for Indian players such as Sachin Tendulkar , Rahul Dravid , Suresh Raina and Virender Sehwag. He said that a player might opt for a particular shape that will be based on soil type and local conditions. Thus, a player can play with different bats for Tests, One Days and Twenty20s. His project at SG is expected to find out such characteristics.As a Cricket aficionado, Chaturvedi says that not much has been done about training part. \"Now everyone talks about change of team but how many times we have seen change in training or equipment? How many times have we tried to artificially replicate the conditions of abroad back home? If we want to retain our World Cup in 2015, we will have to start working now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11633483", "title": "No more taxi refusal, faulty meters: Madan", "text": "KOLKATA: No more taxi refusal, no rude behaviour from drivers, no tampering of meters and no immediate taxi fare hike. This is what transport minister Madan Mitra promised after a discussion with taxi unions on Wednesday at his Writers' Buildings chamber.If all that sounds too good to be true, Mitra says he is bent upon bringing in such changes and will, in turn, also look at problems the taxi unions are facing. For one, he wants a crackdown on private vehicles that double up as share taxis - ferrying passengers from different points in the city and outskirts.\"The taxi unions have told me that this is one of their major problems as these illegal services cause them losses. We will begin raids in all such places along with the police,\" the transport minister said.This might cause inconvenience to passengers, Mitra admitted, but said it is important to stop this \"illegal\" system. There are at least 10,000 to 15,000 such private vehicles in the city which run such services on a regular basis.To deal with complaints, the transport department wants to introduce a control room at Writers' Buildings very soon. \"We are also on our way towards bringing in a system to easily detect who is breaking rules,\" Mitra said, refusing to mention what the new device is, adding that the chief minister will announce it shortly.There is need for taxi stands in the city, as pointed out by the unions, and Mitra said he will see to it that stands are opened. He will also allow taxis to rent out space for advertisements so they can earn some revenue. He also asked them not to overload their vehicles by taking more than four passengers, a system prevalent in most other cities in the country.The taxi unions have proposed to the state government to allow 20% extra fare while carrying passengers from the airport after 9 pm. \"I have told them I will look into the proposal, but I have not committed anything,\" the minister said.\"We have received complaints about taxi drivers overcharging passengers at fixed rates along some routes, without going for meters. I have asked police to arrest them immediately without looking into the affiliation of their unions,\" Mitra said.Also, just like private buses, even taxis might be asked to switch to the blue-and-white colour scheme.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will hold a meeting on the transport sector on Friday and is expected to make some announcement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ranchi/ lohardaga/dhanbad", "code": "11633520", "title": "Voter's day big hit among youths across state", "text": "RANCHI/ LOHARDAGA/DHANBAD: Electors were reminded about the importance of voting in democracy on National Voter's Day on Wednesday. The day is celebrated every year ahead of Republic Day to ensure participation of common people in the electoral process.The main programme was presided over by governor Syed Ahmed at the Red Cross Society hall in Ranchi.Honouring a 90-year-old voter from the Ranchi constituency and handing over the electoral photo identity cards (EPICs) to nearly 12 newly enrolled voters, he said the success of democracy lies in active participation of common people in voting process.\"Every vote is important in a democracy and the electors must realize their collective power,\" he said adding that voting must not be guided by cast or religious feelings.State's chief electoral officer P K Jajoria said the department was doing best to enroll every person above 18 years to include in the voter's list. Ranchi deputy commissioner-cum-district election officer K K Soan circulated messages on mobile numbers to encourage people for enrolment and explained the importance of owning the EPICs.\"Once people understand that voting is not only a right of the citizens but also their duty, they would not look for ways to skip the electoral process,\" he said.In Lohardaga, awareness rallies and marathon run by schoolchildren at blocks, panchayats and polling booths in the district marked the second National Voters' Day on Wednesday.Youths attaining 18 years to become a voter were distributed EPICs at a programme in the collectorate's conference hall. Lohardaga deputy commissioner-cum-district election officer Ratan Kumar distributed EPICs to new voters Jinat Praveen and Hitesh Bhagat who also lighted the ceremonial lamp with the DC and other officials to inaugurate the event. The DC asked the voters to use their voting rights to make India a stronger democracy.\"Our forefathers had a very clear concept of adopting democratic set-up for governing a country that is worldwide known for its unity in diversity. So they made a Constitution giving equal rights to all Indians. Voting right is the most important of them as it decides by whom we want to be governed. The day will be ideal when our polling stations won't need security personnel to conduct voting,\" he said.Officials said 6,201 new voters were provided with new EPICs. Of them, 998, 850, 2,446, 835, 591 and 2,681 voters are of Sadar block, civic area, Kisko-Peshrar, Kairo, Bhandra and Kuru.In Dhanbad, deputy commissioner S K Barnwal distributed EPICs to about 500 freshly enrolled youths at a function held at Kala Bhavan here.The first young voter to get her card was a college student from Jharudih ward of the town. Most of the youths who got their cards were between 18-20 years. They were administered an oath to regularly exercise their right to franchise in the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11639316", "title": "Google's privacy policy raises hackles", "text": "NEW DELHI: Have you ever used Google to search for a restaurant while you were logged in its network using your Google id? Or shared information about your trip to Goa with your friends on Google +? Or watched belly dance on YouTube ? Or looked for Sunny Leone pictures on Google images ? If yes, Google knows about it. And according to its new privacy policy it is going to put this information to some use.The Web giant says the new privacy policy will allow it to offer better services, including more relevant search results. But web experts have raised concerns over potential misuse of data and breach of privacy. According to Google's new privacy policy that will come into effect from March 1, the company is \"getting rid of over 60 different privacy policies across Google services and replacing them with one that's shorter, easier to read\" and something that will enable it to \"create intuitive experience across Google\" . Unlike in the past when Google had allowed users to choose personalized services, this time there is no option to opt out.For an end-user this means that whatever information he shares through Google searches, Gmail , Google +, Picassa etc will be used to customize Google services for him. That the move is significant can be gauged from the fact that Google has provided a link to the new policy directly under its search engine on main page, something that the company rarely does. Google users will also be notified about the policy change through an email.\"Our new privacy policy makes clear that, if you're signed in, we may combine information you've provided from one service with information from other services. In short, we'll treat you as a single user across all our products, which will mean a simpler, more intuitive Google experience,\" said Alma Whitten, Google's director of privacy, in a post on the company's official blog.Whitten gave some example of how this information will be used. \"We can make search better - figuring out what you really mean when you type in Apple, Jaguar or Pink. We can provide more relevant ads too,\" she wrote. \"We can provide reminders that you're going to be late for a meeting based on your location , your calendar and an understanding of what the traffic is like that day. Or ensure that our spelling suggestions, even for your friends' names, are accurate because you've typed them before.\"The privacy policy from Google is at the heart of its new business strategy as it works to keep the search engine relevant and its services fresh in the face of social networking websites like Twitter and Facebook. It is also prompted by the proliferation of devices like smartphones and tablets. However, privacy experts are not amused. Sunil Abraham, director of Centre for Internet and Society, said the new changes are not good for a consumer's privacy.\"I understand that Google collects the data so that it can build a 360 degree profile of a user and based on the information serve relevant advertisements . But there is no reason for them to store this data for long. Storing data makes it prone to misuse by authorities as well as corporations,\" said Abraham. Another, problem, he said is that different services are used for different purposes. \"I don't want my bakery shop owner to know what kind of medicines Ibuy from the nearby medical store,\" said Abraham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11634791", "title": "SC/STs lash out at Camilo Barreto", "text": "MARGAO: A group of people from Fatorda representing the SC /ST community lashed out at Camilo Barreto for backing out from the fray and announced that they would not support the congress party in the upcoming elctions.\"When Camilo announced his plans to contest the elections , he had informed us and enjoyed our confidence. But he has taken this sudden decision without informing us\" said Floriano Miranda while addressing mediapersons from Margao on Tuesday, January 25, 2012.We are giving him two days time to reconsider his decision of withdrawal and we are ready to support him if he contests from Fatorda\" added Miranda while stating that the SC/ST community would not support the congress party irrespective of who the final candidate would be.It is to be noted last week, Barreto had previously announced his plans to contest the upcoming elections as an independent candidate had withdrawn his plans and had stated that he would support a 'popular' candidate.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634061", "title": "Maharashtra honour as state has 23 of 109 Padma awardees", "text": "MUMBAI: This is one piece of news people of the state will be proud of. Of the 109 Padma awardees in 2012, 23 are from Maharashtra.The recipient of the Padma Vibhushan from Maharashtra is noted orthopaedic Kantilal Hastimal Sancheti from Pune, who had earlier received the Padma Shri in 1991 and Padma Bhushan in 2001. Besides, there are nine Padma Bhushans and 13 Padma Shris from the state.Among prominent recipients in the world of art are Bollywood personalities Dharmendra and Shabana Azmi, who have received the Padma Bhushan, and vocalist Anup Jalota, who have got the Padma Shri.Azmi has worked as an actor for over three decades and has several national awards to her credit. She was awarded the Padma Shri in 1988 for contribution to cinema. Dharmendra, on the other hand, has been entertaining the film audiences for over 50 years.An elated Jalota said: \"Five years ago, my father Purshuttom Das Jalota got a Padmi Shri. So now, we have two of them at home. I am really happy to get this honour from the government.\"At the other end of the spectrum were the science awards. Eminent Mumbai astrophysicist S M Chitre, who has been selected for the Padma Bhushan, said he received a call on Wednesday afternoon from a government official asking if he would accept the award. \"I said yes and felt honoured and delighted,\" he told TOI.Senior neurologist Noshir Wadia, who has tended to patients for over five decades, conducted research and taught thousands of students, expressed a deep sense of gratitude for the recognition conferred to his work.Hema Malini said: \"I am glad that Dharamji has finally got the Padma Bhushan.\"WINNERS' GALLERY Dr Kantilal Hastimal Sancheti Satya Narayan Goenka Dr Suresh Advani Dr Noshir H Wadia Shabana Azmi Dharmendra Shashikumar Chitre M S Raghunathan Balasubramaniam Muthuraman Prof (Dr) Shantaram Balwant Mujumdar N P Pandya Yezdi Hirji Malegam Mukesh Batra Vanraj Bhatia Zia Fariduddin Dagar Shahid Parvez Khan Yamunabai Waikar Satish Alekar Anup Jalota Arun Hastimal Firodia Swati Piramal Prabhakar Vaidya K Paddaya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634707", "title": "12 doctors in jail for violating foeticide Act", "text": "MUMBAI: Twelve doctors were convicted and handed out prison terms in the last year for carrying out sex determination tests and non-registration of sonography machines in the state.This is the first time that doctors have been sent to jail in the state for violating the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act (PCPNDT). Ever since the census reports were made public-Maharashtra has a dismal child sex ratio of 925 females per 1,000 males-the state government has taken various steps, including launching the 'Save the Girl Child' campaign, to prevent female foeticide.The orders for the doctors' imprisonment were issued by judicial magistrate first class of the respective districts. All the convictions have taken place in the rich belt of western Maharashtra. A majority of the cases are from Sangli. The other districts include Solapur, Nanded and Kolhapur. In five cases, the vigilance squad used a decoy (a pregnant lady) to catch the radiologist red-handed while carrying out sex-determination tests and informing the patient about the child's sex. The other cases related to the non-registration of sonography machines.In the last one year, the civic body sealed 39 sonography machines in Mumbai. Of these, 22 have been released. Officials said the last time doctors were convicted under the PCPNDT Act was in 2002. \"Fourteen doctors from Pune were convicted, but were let off after paying a fine of Rs 1,000 each,\" said an official.(This young editor was accompanied by Clara Lewis)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11633597", "title": "Tribal-tag seekers say no to polls", "text": "KORAPUT: Taking a cue from the Jhodias in Rayagada, about 10,000 people from Malkangiri district, belonging to the Konda Reddy community, have decided to boycott the panchayat polls in protest against the state government's refusal to give them tribal status.This was decided at a meeting held in a forest in the Maoist-hit Kurmanur panchayat area on the Odisha-Andhra Pradesh border, recently. More than 2,000 people of the community attended the meeting organized by the Konda Reddy Community Association.Incidentally, the Maoists had also demanded tribal status for the community during the release of abducted Malkangiri collector R Vineel Krishna in 2011.\"We will not participate in the poll process and will not exercise our franchise till our demand is fulfilled. Tribal status to our community is a long-standing demand of our community, but the state government has not done much about it,\" said Ramarao Majhi, a leader of the community.People belonging to this community mostly reside in Poplur and Kurmanur panchayats areas in Kalimela block. They said their counterparts in Andhra Pradesh had already been declared tribals.\"Though the Andhra government has given tribal status to our community, Odisha has not done anything in this regard. In Odisha, we have been deprived of various benefits meant for tribals. The state government should include us in the list of tribals and launch a special project for our development,\" Majhi said.\"We have not received any formal information regarding the poll boycott decision of the community. Their leaders had approached us for permission to organize demonstrations, which we turned down as the election process is on,\" said Malkangiri collector Balwant Singh. \"It is up to the community members to decide whether they would participate in the election. Their decision will not affect the poll process,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11634444", "title": "Congress bigwigs back Sameer Salgaocar", "text": "MAPUSA: Mandrem constituency is abuzz with news that Congress bigwigs have thrown their weight behind Sameer Salgaocar's candidature for the party's ticket. Sameer is the son of Sanvordem independent MLA and mine owner Anil Salgaocar.The move is believed to have left former Pernem MLA Dayanand Sopte and his mentor, health minister and Valpoi MLA Vishwajit Rane, very upset.Political circles are hinting that Sopte, who quit the BJP for the Congress on the likelihood of the Mandrem ticket, may rejoin his former saffron party.An NCP seat in previous polls, Mandrem is seeing the party still claiming the constituency from its alliance partner, Congress.The suspense over seat-sharing and the delay in announcing candidates has left Mandrem's ticket aspirants-Sopte, Babi Bagkar and now Salgaocar, all of the Congress, and Sangeeta Parab of the NCP-a worried lot.Political equations have been further altered with Sameer's entry into the Congress list.Sources say law commissioner and former Mandrem legislator Ramakant Khalap, who was keen to contest the March 2012 polls, is on the defensive and may not contest due to Sopte's entry into the Congress. But he reportedly had a meeting with some Congress leaders recently and is backing Sameer's candidature in Mandrem.Chief minister and Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar are also backing Sameer's candidature, sources said.While Rane was unavailable for a comment, Sopte opted not to speak. Sameer, who was also unavailable for a comment, has been very active in Mandrem for the last two-and-a-half years. The ration shop under his family-run Mata Mamata Sukhadata Trust provides for over 4,500 ration cardholders.Sopte had quit the BJP in 2011 as his former constituency, Pernem, is now a reserved seat while Mandrem has BJP state chief Laxmikant Parsekar as its sitting legislator.What favours Sopte is that about 8,000 voters from Pernem now fall in Mandrem after the delimitation exercise.Election 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635934", "title": "Sponsors must bat for sports other than cricket", "text": "Nine Olympic gold medals to divide across a population of 1.2 billion-that summarises the sorry state of sports in India unless, of course, it is cricket that is being spoken about. While advertising for India's official 'religion' accounts for a whopping Rs 2,000 crore annually, other sports are still grappling with poor infrastructure, lack of heroes and, most importantly, a dearth of sponsors from the corporate world.An overnight solution may be impossible but, for starters, a programme that involves big companies with schools could be the way ahead while already established sports ventures should be given a further boost. One doesn't need to look too far for examples that need to be replicated on a larger scale. Western Railway, despite all its constraints, supports 400 athletes in more than 30 disciplines and one can only imagine the good that would come out of a company in the private sector supporting a cause like this.\"Most private sector employees only concentrate on a few games which are generally popular. Very few have thought about forming teams in less popular games like ball badminton , kho-kho, wrestling, power lifting and so on. It is of utmost importance that young players playing such sports have avenues to pursue a sport which provides them long-term stability. And even in sports that have teams, most of the players are on a 'contract basis' and not permanent employees,\" says Diana Edulji, former Indian captain of the women's cricket team and Arjuna Award winner, now at the helm of WR's sporting affairs.Former India hockey captain Viren Rasquinha, now CEO of the Olympic Gold Quest venture that aims to provide selected athletes with the best to excel at the Olympics, says more needs to be done at the school level if the country has to break out of its cricket cushion. \"Schools should promote a culture of outdoor sports,\" he says. \"The basics of the game should be taught, as team sports encourages life lessons and skills. The government has come out with a 'Come and Play' scheme and we definitely need more initiatives like this.\"But on a positive note, interest in sports other than cricket has been steadily increasing among followers with football, wrestling and Formula One leading the way. German auto major Mercedes-Benz, which has been sponsoring motor sports since 1894, recently tied up with Jaypee Sports to inaugurate the country's first performance-driving academy at Buddh International Circuit in Noida-only the fourth such institute globally from Mercedes-Benz. \"The new academy will offer structured programmes, cars, trainers and help groom new talent on the racing circuit,\" says Debashish Mitra, director, marketing and sales, Mercedes.Several stakeholders in the sports world, though, feel that what is required from sponsors is support for district-, state- and national -level games along with a provision for stable jobs. Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, for one, has taken steps toward grass-roots development in sports with their football and basketball initiatives. It's not the talent we lack, it's the opportunities. As Rasquinha said, \"We're a nation of sports-watchers, we need to be a nation of sports players.\"Midori Vaid &amp; Maanav Ganjoo | YOUNG EDITORS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11640750", "title": "Gram sabhas above Parliament, assemblies: Anna Hazare", "text": "NEW DELHI: Decrying the failure of Rajya Sabha to pass the Lokpal Bill, Anna Hazare on Thursday made a curious suggestion to bring a law to empower gram sabhas that will be above Parliament.In a video address to Team Anna's seminar 'Rebuilding the Republic', he said people will have to be ready for a big agitation like the one for Jan Lokpal Bill if the government does not bring a law for empowering village sabhas.\"Lok Sabha thinks it is above everyone. This is wrong. People have made you. So they are above you...It is the sacred temple of democracy. In such a sacred place, what has happened in Rajya Sabha in the last day (of the winter session) on Lokpal Bill.\"550 people were giving their own suggestions. Nobody has asked people. So we need another law. Assemblies and Lok Sabha think that they are above gram sabhas. But gram sabhas are above you. We need a new law which gives such a power to gram sabhas,\" he said in his 30-minute address.He said what happened in Rajya Sabha on the last day of winter session was wrong. \"The elected members were giving their views on their own. This is not right democracy. Why this happened? Because the masters were sleeping.\"The Lok Sabha thinks it is above gram sabha. 550 people think they are bigger than everybody else. This thinking is wrong,\" he said.He said there should be provisions in the new law that a panchayat can be dismissed if it spends money without consulting the gram sabha and getting their consent.Arguing for strong gram sabhas, Hazare cited the acquisition process for special economic zones saying the owners in the villages and the village sabhas do not know when the government acquires their land straightaway without their permission.\"We the masters were sleeping when the servants were looting our treasuries. Now we have awakened. If the government does not bring a law, we will have to organise an agitation similar to the August 16 (Ramlila Maidan) agitation for a strong Lokpal Bill,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635488", "title": "Student home after two-day kidnap drama", "text": "A Bandra student, kidnapped on his way to school on Monday, was returned to his home early on Wednesday. The kidnappers had reportedly demanded a ransom of Rs 5 crore from the family who, after intense bargaining, brought down the amount to Rs 5 lakh.The kidnappers allegedly hired an auto in the early hours of Wednesday and told the driver to drop the child near his residence . The police refused to confirm if the family had paid money for the boy's safe return.The 12-year-old boy, whose has name has been withheld to protect his identity, was a Class VII student of a convent school in Bandra (West). Around 7 am on Monday, when he was walking towards his school, two persons in a car approached the boy and asked him to accompany them saying they had to deliver some money to his father. As soon as he got into the car, the accused then drove off with the boy, threatening him not to scream for help. He was also asked to keep his head down so that he wouldn't be able to remember the route. The boy lived close to school and generally walked down alone. His father is a decorator.The kidnappers took the boy to an undisclosed location within city limits and kept him in a small chawl, where one more person joined the group, said a police source.Police said the that boy later informed them that the car had passed by Sanjay Gandhi National Park, Borivli. While one of the kidnappers remained in the room with the boy, the others went out and made ransom calls to his father. The first call came a few hours after the kidnapping, with a demand of Rs 5 crore. The kidnappers allegedly told his father that they had taken a hit in business due to him and he would have to make good that loss. However, the boy's father pleaded with the accused to lower the ransom citing his financial background, after which they agreed on Rs 5 lakh.Bandra police came to know of the incident the same day and with crime branch officials and a special squad of west region , started work on the case.The accused called from a mobile which a police source claimed was registered in a fictitious name. He said, \"They were very professional and could have harmed the kid in case something went wrong. So we decided not to take a chance and allowed family members to bargain with the accused.\"A source said the kidnappers asked the boy's father to throw the bag of money at a particular location from a running train on the Western line on Tuesday night, but there was no official confirmation. While TOI was unable to contact the family, police too were reluctant to reveal if the family had paid up the ransom.After reportedly collecting the money, the accused took the boy near BKC in the same car, at 5 am on Wednesday, where they hired an auto and asked the driver to drop him home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11634266", "title": "'PWD workers diverting water for personal gain'", "text": "MAPUSA: Public works department (PWD) authorities at Mapusa have been accused of sheltering some employees allegedly involved in the racket of stealing water from the department and selling it to various private hotels for personal monetary gain.An India against corruption (IAC) activist, Deepak Gadekar, has written a complaint to the PWD chief engineer and the director of vigilance to this effect. Water tanker facilities are provided by the PWD to consumers in localities where water supply is erratic.The PWD often engages private vehicles for this job as according to assistant engineer Prakash Surlikar, the department is short of drivers as they were transferred. It is alleged that the tankers are filled at the Mapusa tanker filling point (for supplying water to its consumers) but they eventually are diverted to private hotels.Gadekar alleged that although there is sufficient water supply for Bardez, its poor distribution management as well as the racket involving the PWD staff and drivers is causing water problems in Mapusa.\"The problem of water shortage to the residents of Ekta Nagar and other parts of Mapusa is due to the racket in the Mapusa PWD in tanker water supply,\" Gadekar alleged. Gadekar followed the water tankers from the Mapusa office to the site of delivery and found that some of the tankers are illegally supplying water without any written instructions from the PWD.In the written complaint Gadekar has alleged that tankers which are not on PWD contract are filling water from the government's water pumps at Mapusa. \"All drivers working at the PWD in Mapusa were transferred to Canacona after allegations in the assembly. However, the same drivers are still working at Mapusa, and they own 2- 3 water takers.Some of them have even taken tenders in their own names. This is a big racket running in the PWD and the JE, pump operators, head clerk and others are involved,\" the complaint alleges. Assistant engineer Prakash Surlikar said that preliminary investigations by them have not shown any such violations but that they were monitoring the tanker water distribution system.Speaking to TOI, Surlikar said that immediate action has been taken after the complainant approached him. \"It is directed that a board stating 'on government duty' be displayed on the hired vehicle that transports the water. Vehicles other than government-hired ones should not be allowed to park near the Mapusa filling point and junior engineer Praveen Zambaulikar has been directed to monitor the tanker supply,\" Surlikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11638271", "title": "'Panga na le\u2019 : Lower caste power on song", "text": "JALANDHAR: Move over 'yaara jatta di' (Jat Sikh song), it's time to groove to 'hummer wich aounde putt chamaran de' (chamar kids arrive in Hummer). Ahead of the polls, Punjab's Doaba region is seeing its Dalit community, 35% of the population , assert itself like never before through catchy folk numbers.Songs like 'now panga na le chamara de nal' (don't get into a fight with chamars) and Ravidassan di chandi (Ravidasis are doing great) are the hum this poll season. It's not that popular Jatt (Jat Sikh) songs aren't around, it's just that Doaba - where Punjab's 29% Dalit community swells to 35% - is witnessing a social churn with dalits asserting themselves socially, culturally and politically.\"Demand for such songs is not restricted to Doaba and Punjab but also abroad,'' says Dalit folk singer Kulwant Kajla, who will soon release a 'chamar' song album.Kajla, a follower of Jalandharbased Dera Sachkhand, should know. He was one of a few singers who introduced dalit machismo to Punjabi songs to counter Jat Sikhs. \"Those with initial reservations realized there's nothing to be ashamed of in being a dalit,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11640122", "title": "Amanda Holden welcomes daughter", "text": "Actress Amanda Holden has become a proud mother of a girl.Holden, married to Chris Hughes , gave birth to daughter Hollie Rose Hughes Monday. But the pregnancy had complications and the \"Britain's Got Talent\" star spent three days in intensive care, reports contactmusic.com.\"Hollie Rose Hughes was born Jan 23. She is healthy... but Amanda has been in critical condition for three days,\" said the couple's spokeswoman Alison Griffin.\"She is now stable and we expect her to make a full recovery very soon. We thank you for respecting their privacy at this time,\" added Griffin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11634394", "title": "NSCN-IM bandh successful", "text": "DIMAPUR: The 36-hour statewide bandh called by the NSCN(IM) began on Wednesday morning, causing normal activities in Nagaland to come to a grinding halt.All business and commercial establishments in the state remained closed, while most vehicles also remained off roads, even though there was no restriction on their movement.The NSCN(IM) called the bandh in protest against the restrictions imposed on their leaders, Isak Chishi Swu and Th Muivah, on travelling to Zunheboto.The NSCN(IM) has also alleged violation of human rights and ceasefire ground rules by the state government and the Centre and has expressed resentment over the deployment of security forces around their designated camps.The bandh is likely to affect the Republic Day celebrations tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11634145", "title": "Youth held for cheating Vasco mobile phones shop", "text": "VASCO: A 26-year-old youth from Cuncolim was arrested by Vasco police on Monday and remanded to six days police custody for allegedly cheating a mobile phones service centre cum shop of 65,000 in the port town recently.According to a complaint filed, Sushant Gopal Tandil came to the mobile phone centre 'Nokia Port Town' on January 11 at about 1pm and asked for two mobile phones, claiming that they were for an airline officer. Tandil asked the shop owner to send a boy with him to the airport to collect the cash.Later, the boy accompanied Tandil till the airport premises where he was asked to wait outside. \"Tandil told him that he would not be given entry inside by the central industrial security force (CISF) and claimed that he was working at the airport,\" police said.The Nokia Port Town employee then waited outside the airport till 5pm. And when Tandil did not turn up contacted his employer and later a complaint was registered at the Vasco police station.During interrogation, Tandil revealed that after entering the Goa airport he took a flight to Mumbai, sold the mobiles and later flew to Delhi before returning to Goa. Meanwhile, a case of cheating is registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11638946", "title": "Macho Mustafa's music launch in Kolkata", "text": "Music lovers had a good time on Tuesday when Kunal Ganjawala , Samidh Mukerjee and Krishna Beura performed at a city mall during the music release of Reshmi Mitra's \" Macho Mustafa\" that has Hiraan Chatterjee and Pooja playing the leads.Said composer Samidh, \"The music of \"Macho Mustafa\" is going to create a new revolution in Bengal. The six different genres of music in the film are going to bridge the gap between the masses and classes of Bengal. I'm definite that the songs will rock the entire state.\"After the music release, the cast and crew moved to a banquet at The Park for a rocking party. DJ Akash's tunes kept the revellers on their feet till late into the night. PP Tiwari, the chairman of Remac Filmz that has produced the movie, was also at the do. Said Hiraan, taking some time off from shaking a leg on the makeshift dance floor, \"I'm very excited about the film. It's a romantic movie with bits of action sequences thrown in.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634850", "title": "Constant evaluation in class X", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) officials have recommended constant and all round evaluation of students in class X. Currently, the constant evaluation is implemented in class IX.Officials said that the decision was taken in a joint meeting of the exam and education committee. The draft will be readied and sent to the state education department for clearance. If the government gives its nod, the constant evaluation will be introduced in class X.The internal evaluation will carry 30 marks while the exams will carry a weightage of 70 marks. The board will soon declare the detailing of the internal evaluation worth 30 marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11634113", "title": "School takes action on PT teachers", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The management of St Joseph School in New Panvel is taking action against two PT teachers who allegedly hit a Std-IX student for yelling and misbehaving with another teacher.\"We are taking necessary action against the two teachers. The incident took place last Friday when the child was misbehaving,\" school principal Saeeda Javed Malim told TOI. Malim, however, added: \"Contrary to certain media reports that the boy was badly beaten up, I have only gathered that the two teachers had merely slapped him. However, since we do not allow corporal punishment, we are taking action against the two teachers.\"The boy's father, Anil Pandey, said, \"My son looked scared last Friday. We had to take him to a doctor as he started vomiting.\" He added that the school had assured them that they would dismiss the two teachers. \"But we want to see that in writing by January 27.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11634324", "title": "Another leopard strays into city", "text": "GUWAHATI: A leopard, suspected to have strayed out of the nearby Rani-Garbhanga reserved forest, was found hiding among cement sacks of a steel workshop in the Lalung Gaon area of the city on Wednesday morning.This is the third time in three weeks that a leopard has strayed into the city. Forest officials rescued the big cat without much hassle as the crowd was comparatively less unlike the past two incidents on Wednesday.\"As soon as we were informed about the leopard, we reached the spot with the state zoo tranqulizing team. Within an hour, we managed to dart and tranquilize the leopard. The crowd was not big like the other two incidents so there was less difficulty in rescuing the leopard,\" an official of south Guwahati forest range office said. The leopard has been taken to the state zoo and kept under observation.On January 7, a leopard had strayed into the Silpukhri area of the city. Two persons were seriously injured in the leopard attack. The leopard had come down from the Nabagraha hill. However, the forest officials managed to tranquilize the leopard. Again, on January 20, a leopard injured three persons at Loka colony in the city when the animal saw a swelling crowd of onlookers. The leopard, however, could not be traced.Straying of leopards from the hills dotting the city into residential areas has become quite common. There are about eight leopards in the zoo, most of which were rescued from different parts of the city in recent years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11633596", "title": "TOI impact: Orissa cracks whip on human tourism", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa government is peeved over the alleged attempts by some tour operators to attract foreign tourists to areas inhabited by primitive Bonda tribes in the Maoist-hit Malkangiri district through objectionable content on websites about their lifestyle and dress.\"This is not the way to promote anything. Any observation about a community in the public domain must be in good taste. We will ask the operators to remove the questionable writings from their websites forthwith. If they don't pay heed, we will initiate legal action against them,\" state tourism and culture secretary Ashok Tripathy said.\"Nearly 50,000 tourists come to Orissa in a year. About 5,000 of them visit tribal areas. They are all rich and enlightened visitors. Cheap offers mentioning that Bondas roam naked and their photographs cannot lure them. It is obnoxious some tour operators have made such references. We are initiating steps to stop such propaganda,\" Tripathy said.The Bondas, one of the primitive tribes of Orissa, live in the high hills of Khairput block of Malkangiri. The 2011 census put their population at a little over 6,650 . The hill, spread over 130 sq km, is forested and nearly 4,000 ft above the mean sea level. Majority of Bondas live in the lower part of the hill. Over the years, they have changed drastically and live like any other person from the plains.The lifestyle of a few hundred Bondas in the hills, though changed somewhat, continues to be primitive. The women mostly cover their bodies with colourful beads and their private parts with small pieces of cloth which they stitch with threads. The Bondas speak Remo, an Austro-Asiatic language belonging to Mundari group.Following reports of tour operators taking visitors, particularly foreigners, to these areas and taking nude photographs of primitive tribes, the Orissa government banned tourists in Bonda villages without permission from the home department or the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634829", "title": "Jan 26 is the happiest day of my life: Prutha", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Prutha Desai, 23, who lost her right hand after she was buried in the debris of her residential building for 32 hours after the killer quake struck on January 26, 2001, has appeared for her final MBBS exams and doing her medical internship. Top priority for her is to crack the PG medical entrance exam and get into a branch which allows her to help people but does not involve use of both hands. Prutha says forget morose feelings, January 26 comes as the happiest day of my life when she reminds herself that there is so much to life!Prutha, a chirpy confident girl, says that quake taught her that life does not end with a tragedy, it begins from there and she is poised to explore it, taking the tragedy in her stride. \"I know I have limited options. Like I cannot choose surgery, gynecology or other sought after clinical branches for PG as it requires the use of both hands. But I am looking at exploring psychiatry, cosmetology and pathology or even being a general physician. I can always help the under privileged with my skills\", says Prutha.Inclined towards arts since childhood, Prutha painted a lot despite losing her hand, won many awards and held many exhibitions of her drawings. She however chose not to pursue art as a profession as she wanted to earn, stand on her feet and also have a skill which can reduce other's pain.\"My stay with a doctor couple in UK, the Scotts, got me interested in medicine. I have no complaints, I am in a happy space\", she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "11635358", "title": "Leave India notice to French national for violating visa norms", "text": "JODHPUR : A French national has been issued \"leave India\" notice for violation of visa norms. Jean Michel Georges from Paris had come to India on employment visa but set up his own company here and started handicraft export business along with his wife and a local person.\"We have acknowledged the receipt of this notice to him and had asked him to leave India on Wednesday\", S P (CID Zone) S Parimala said. According to the SP, the French national had left Jodhpur. His visa, however, was to expire on 22 June this year.Georges had come to India on employment visa to work with an NGO Tarun Bharat Sangh as its technical manager in Jodhpur but he set up his own handicraft export company M/s Esquisse Marquise India Pvt Ltd based at Basni industrial area here.Besides, he regularly visits Goa, where he had got his children admitted in a school despite on a composite family visa (X visa), which requires him to live at a permitted place with his family.Parimala said his visa violation started from the day he landed in India on 1 July 2011. \"He was supposed to get himself registered with the Jodhpur Foreign Registration Office (FRO) within 14 days of his arrival but he applied for the same after this term expired on the pretext that he had gone to Goa to see his wife and children,\" she said. Later he got the registration after paying the penalty.Inspector Ajeet Singh Rathore, who had investigated the case, said the NGO, in which Georges was to work with, had intimated that he was not working with them despite having an appointment letter. \"We then investigated the matter and found him to be staying and acting here in utter violation of visa terms,\" he said. Despite X visa and that too for Jodhpur, his wife and children are living in Goa. \"We have also written to the FRO (Goa) to inquire on this issue,\" Rathore said.During the investigation, it was found that Georges has been coming to India for the past 15 years and his first visit was on a tourist visa as a buyer of handicraft items from Jodhpur. \"He established himself as a big importer and cheated many firms here. He has also set up one firm earlier but closed it later to open this new firm,\" Dhanna Puri Goswami, another inspector, said adding that \"we issued leave India notice to him on Tuesday with an ultimatum to leave India on Wednesday\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11633683", "title": "\u2018Children should have right to 10 years of formal schooling\u2019", "text": "HUBLI: Minister for primary and secondary education, Vishweshwara Hegde Kageri said recently that he would send a proposal to the central government, seeking to extend the provision of free and compulsory education for children up to Class X.At present, the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, provides for free and mandatory education only up to primary level - from Class I to VIII.The Times of India visited SSK PU College to elicit the views of students on this issue that is seriously being considered by the states and the Centre. Students welcomed the move and said it will help lakhs of poor children in the country to get higher education.Sumangala Badiger said many children are deprived of high school education owing to their poor social and economic status. \"If the government comes forward to offer them free high school education, it will be a giant step towards uplift of the less privileged ,\" she said.Calling the proposal a good move, Tippanna and Ningamma Malali opined that along with extending free education up to Class X, the government must take measures to ensure adequate facilities in schools including good infrastructure and teachers. It is a grave concern that most of the government schools in the state, do not have basic faclities like class rooms and toilets. These issues need immediate attention , they said.Virupakshi said: \"Children are the pillars of the nation. Educating them is investing in the future. Free and compulsory high school education will also create awareness among children as to how important education is in one's life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635887", "title": "Bogus voting: DBA polls cancelled", "text": "NEW DELHI: The elections of the Delhi Bar Association (DBA), the lawyer's body at Tis Hazari court complex, were cancelled on Wednesday following allegations of bogus voting.DBA president Rajiv Khosla said the decision to cancel the elections was taken after certain \"non-advocates\" entered the premises and started meddling in the voting procedure. \"This time we had not arranged for security on the voting day. Some non-advocates entered the polling booths wearing black coats and tried to interfere with the whole process. Things became difficult when they refused to show their ID cards and the chances of bogus voting increased,\" he said.The elections have now been rescheduled for February 1, he said. Khosla said arrangements will be made to ensure that such incidents are not repeated. In the meantime, the candidates will not be allowed to campaign for votes and action will be taken against those who indulge in illegal activities at the time of voting, Khosla added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634286", "title": "DIG Yadav wins President's medal", "text": "PANAJI: DIG Ravindra Yadav, an officer of the 1995 batch of IPS, has been awarded the President's police medal for meritorious services. This was announced by the union home ministry on Wednesday.\"If my father was alive, he would have been really proud of me. He was part of the Indian Army team that liberated Goa in 1961 and today, in the Golden jubilee year of Goa's liberation, I have been awarded the President's police medal while I am serving in Goa\", DIG Yadav told TOI.While seniors call Yadav a \"balanced, experienced and hardworking officer who is an asset to the police force\", the juniors describe him as \"professional who likes to maintain a low profile and gives due credit to his juniors when it is deserved\".Posted to Goa in 2008, he is a direct supervisory officer of the two district police forces, crime branch, anti narcotic cell (ANC) and economic offences cell (EOC). He has also ensured the arrest of alleged serial killer Mahanand Naik and the Chandrakant Talwar gang members, who were involved in a series of murders of women for money.He earned the respect of his colleagues and general public when he led from the front to launch a jungle operation in the Agonda forest against the armed kidnappers of Starling D'Souza, son of a North Goa hotelier, and ensured the safe rescue of the victim.He also supervised the police team that rescued the kidnapped Aamir Sayed from Vasco and Sagar Wadhwani from Mysore. He has closely guided the Goa police's special investigation team (SIT) in investigations and arresting the accused responsible for planting bombs on October 16, 2009, which was applauded by the national investigation agency (NIA), which later took over the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635057", "title": "Boat Club officially most costly area", "text": "CHENNAI: The Boat Club area in Alwarpet in the heart of Chennai continues to be the most sought after area in the city. The revised guideline value, yet to be released by the state land registration department, suggests that land here costs Rs 23,000 per sq ft.The guideline value for the arterial Mount Road with its office hubs and malls has been finalized at Rs 20,000 per sq ft whereas Poes Garden with its many VIP residents and falling within the prime bracket it has been fixed at Rs 18,000 per sq ft. The registration department has finalized guideline values for the state and will notify it soon.Earlier, Radhakrishnan Salai was assessed as the most expensive area in the city with its guideline value fixed at Rs 27,000 per sq ft. However, following objections from stakeholders, the value has been revised and is now on a par with Mount Road.The guideline value of `1,500 per sq ft for Royapuram in north Chennai is perhaps the lowest in the city corporation limit, sources said. Guideline value is the government prescribed minimum valuation for registration of properties. In case of apartments, the buyers have to pay stamp duty only for the undivided land share (UDS). For second hand flats, buyers have to pay the stamp duty for the entire value.\"Boat Club stands in the top position as the most prime area for two decades. Normally the layouts in that area are very large. Clients here are also very affluent,\" said Credai president T Chitti Babu. Following feedback from across the state, the government further revised the values and is set to notify them for four crore survey numbers in villages and 1.89 lakh streets in corporations, municipalities and town panchayats in the state. Guideline values were last revised in August 2007.\"We received 2,559 objections across the state and accepted 1,293 of them after verifying their merits. The highest number of objections (957) came from Coimbatore district and we accepted 748.In Chennai, we got 635 objections and accepted only 147. We finalized the new guideline value last week and the government will notify it any time now,\" a senior official in the land registration department told TOI.There was a rush for registrations in December after the government announced its move to revise the guideline value. The department collected `779 crore towards stamp duty thanks to the rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/noida", "code": "11635868", "title": "Family smells a plot, rejects mishap theory", "text": "NEW DELHI/NOIDA: A day after the 12-year-old Varun Jain, student of Rishabh Public School, Mayur Vihar, died after allegedly falling off the school building, his family refuses to accept his death as an accident.Meanwhile, Varun's family has donated his eyes to ICare Eye Hospital and Postgraduate Institute in Noida. \"Our child is gone but at least some one will benefit from his eyes,\" said Gupta.Varun's family claims that the autopsy report says that Varun had received multiple skull fractures which led to his death. Had it been an accident, \"there would have been other injuries on his body,\" they said. Varun's father, Sanjay Jain, has also alleged that the school authorities are trying to \"shirk responsibility from his son's death and influence the cops.\"\"The CFSL experts will visit the school on Friday and recreate the entire sequence of events. The experts will accordingly decide the trajectory, the exact spot where the boy fell, question the eyewitnesses and will then submit a report,'' said Prabhakar, DCP (east). He added that he is yet to get a formal statement from the deceased's parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635022", "title": "No rights on sale of notified land: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: A person who purchases a property, which is notified by the government for acquisition, does not acquire any title to the property and such a sale is void, the Madras high court has ruled.\"The purchaser acquires no right, title or interest in the land. He, therefore, cannot challenge the validity of the acquisition notification,\" the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said on Tuesday.The bench, concurring with the submissions of additional advocate-general S Gomathi Nayagam, was passing orders on a batch of writ appeals challenging the government's Tambaram Neighbourhood Scheme notified as early as 1978. Most of the notified lands were lost to the original land owners, who won two rounds of litigation against the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB).Both the earlier orders clearly mentioned that the relief would be applicable only to the petitioners who had filed cases in the court. The present petitions, however, were filed by persons who had purchased the property from others who were not party to the earlier two rounds of litigations.The judges, noting that the vendors who had sold the properties to the petitioners were not party to the earlier batch of cases, said that even before the present petitions had been filed, the original owners had sold the property to the petitioners. That is, the petitions were filed by the new buyers in 2006, whereas the sale itself took place on different dates during 2004-05.The judges also took note of the fact that the remaining plots were needed for the scheme and TNHB had acquired them more than two decades ago.\"The writ petitioners being subsequent purchasers had no semblance of any legal right to question the acquisition proceeding, which was addressed to the erstwhile land owner. In fact, the erstwhile land owner did not have any locus standi to maintain a request for reconveyance after having sold the property to the present writ petitioners,\" the judges said.The bench also took serious note of the petitioners' attempt to use a photocopy of a cancelled order issued by a tahsildar to obtain planning permission. \"It is nothing but a clear case of fraud for which action should be initiated against all those involved,\" the bench said.\"It is evident that the petitioners have not only managed to obtain certain orders/proceedings from the department, but also have misused the jurisdiction of this court to achieve their sinister design. At no stretch of imagination, such action would be permitted by this court,\" they said upholding the acquisition proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634774", "title": "BJP, Sena ink pre-poll pact for NMC election", "text": "NAGPUR: After several rounds of unsuccessful talks in Nagpur, BJP and its national-level ally Shiv Sena have inked a pre-poll alliance for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections. Shiv Sena will now contest from 18 seats. BJP and Sena will hold talks with Athawale faction of RPI on January 26 for its share of seats in NMC.The seat sharing arrangement was finalized by BJP leaders Sudhir Mungantiwar, Devendra Fadnavis and Anil Sole and Sena leaders Subhash Desai, Vinayak Raut and Shekhar Sawarbandhe. Once the alliance with RPI is finalized the three parties will discuss the nitty-gritty.Even though Sena had contested just twelve seats winning eight in 2007, it demanded 51 seats for a pre-poll alliance. BJP turned down the demand outright, offering just fourteen seats. After some days, Sena scaled down its demand to 28 but BJP refused to budge from its initial stand.Raut came down to Nagpur thrice and even held talks with BJP national president Nitin Gadkari but the impasse continued. Even after rival parties Congress and NCP finalized an alliance, the two parties could not salvage a consensus.Finally, the party leaders decided that due to immense pressure from party workers in Nagpur, talks would be better held in Mumbai. This move yielded the desired result.NCP, which had contested independently in 2007 winning just eight seats, had demanded 45 seats from Congress for an alliance while Congress offered only 20 in return. NCP then offered to reduce its demand to 39 seats but did not find any takers in Congress, which remain firm on its offer. After much haggling and intense pressure from top party leaders the pact was inked with NCP getting 29 seats and another ally Lokmanch nine. Talks are on with Kawade and Kumbhare factions of RPI for seat sharing.In spite of a pre-poll pact, local Congress and NCP leaders have admitted that 'friendly fights' in some seats could not be ruled out. In view of the discontent among party workers, the two parties are not confident that their activists would not rebel. Political experts say that the situation might turn out to be same in case of BJP and Shiv Sena. BJP workers were not in favour of an alliance with Sena and there are chances of rebellion in some seats.Even otherwise, due to increase in reservation for women and change in demarcation of wards, many candidates who are not hopeful of getting a party ticket are seeking nominations from other parties or considering the option of contesting as independents.City BJP chief Sole said that the alliance would romp home in the elections and the city would witness five years of unprecedented development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634732", "title": "Laptop suspect in fatal bedroom fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 32-year-old BPO employee died of asphyxiation in his Indirapuram house on Tuesday following a fire that left his laptop computer, mobile phone and a bed inside the closed room charred. Police said the fire probably resulted from a short circuit in the laptop charger.Fire brigade personnel and policemen who entered Pronob Sanyal's third-floor apartment in Indirapuram's Krishna Vista society from a window found him lying on the floor and the room full of smoke. Sanyal's legs were burnt and the bed was still smouldering, said a neighbour who did not wish to be named. The police rushed Sanyal to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.Although the fire is believed to have started in the early hours of Tuesday, the neighbours came to know of it only around 8.30 am when a guard noticed smoke rising out of the flat and informed his supervisor. \"We knocked several times but nobody answered. We informed the police and the fire department about the incident and they arrived within minutes,\" said a resident of the building.Forensics experts who collected samples from the flat found a charred ashtray near the bed and the laptop still connected to the mains. Sources said circumstantial evidence suggested that the fire could have started from either a burning cigarette stub resting on the bed sheet or the blanket, or a short circuit in the charger unit of the laptop.Police sources speaking on condition of anonymity said Sanyal may have died in his sleep as the closed room had filled up with toxic gases. They said he would have lost consciousness and not stirred at all. However, they could not explain how Sanyal's body came to be on the floor with only the legs burnt.The post mortem report that arrived on Wednesday also confirmed asphyxiation to be the cause of death.Sanyal hailed from Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh and had bought the two-bedroom flat last year. His brother, Praveer, who works in the sales department of a private company, lived with him and had left home around 9.30 pm on Monday to visit Uttarakhand for work, relatives said. Sanyal, who had a day off on Monday, stayed at home and continued working on his laptop till late in the night.Sanyal's brother and mother rushed to Delhi after the police informed them on Tuesday. The last rites were performed on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633722", "title": "Youth hangs self after being diagnosed with cancer", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old man committed suicide on Wednesday morning by hanging himself from a ceiling fan at his Goregaon residence.Police said the deceased, Jalpit Malabhai Desai was a teacher at a private coaching centre in Malad. Desai did not leave behind a suicide note but police said a recent diagnosis of cancer had most likely pushed him to take this drastic step.\"On Tuesday, the doctors told Desai that he had primary stage cancer. This came as a shock to him and he wasn't able to sustain the news. We believe that is the reason why he committed suicide on Wednesday morning,\" said sub-inspector Deepak Girme of the Dindoshi police station.Desai lived with his parents and siblings at the Panchsheel Cooperative Housing Society at Raheja Township in Goregaon (east). His parents were in the living room of the house when Desai hanged himself in the bedroom. The family was in complete shock and told the police they had never expected their son to take such an extreme decision.\"Desai came out of his bedroom around 8.30 am. He met his parents, following which he went back to his bedroom and latched the door. His mother went to call him for breakfast around 9.30 am, but he did not answer the door for a long time. His father broke open the door to find his son hanging from the ceiling,\" said Girme.Desai was rushed to the nearby nursing home, but was declared dead on arrival. The body was later taken to Bhagwati hospital for an autopsy. Desai's last rites shall be conducted once the post mortem is completed.The police have ruled out the possibility of foul play at the moment. \"We have registered a case of accidental death. But the preliminary probe will throw up conclusive answers. We will question his friends, family and doctor after a few days,\" said Girme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11634397", "title": "Committee to run Bhuvan tea estate", "text": "SILCHAR: Cachar district administration on Tuesday sought to constitute a committee comprising representatives of the government and the trade unions to run the Bhuvan Valley Tea Estate in the district, which has been locked out since October last year.This was proposed after a tripartite meeting convened by the district administration on Tuesday at the office of the deputy commissioner failed to solve the impasse.A similar meeting held at the office of the Cachar DC on January 17 resolved to reopen garden on January 23. However, the owners in a letter informed that they are unable to meet the condition put forward in the meeting, and so they were unable to reopen the garden.This provoked the Cachar district administration to call the tripartite meeting on Tuesday.The workers were represented by Barak Cha Shramik Union (BCSU), which said the lock-out of the garden last year left 500 workers jobless and allegedly 10 dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11634731", "title": "EC to declare reservation of CMC wards on Jan 27", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: It will be the first municipal election for the newly formed Chandrapur municipal corporation (CMC). While elections are scheduled in April, the election commission will declare reservations for CMC wards on January 27.Chandrapur municipal council was converted into CMC in October last year. CMC had forwarded an expansion proposal of the boundaries of the town along with the draft plan of 67 wards formed after reassessment of existing area under the corporation in December. The state government had recently approved the draft plan of the ward formation. Taking a step ahead, the election commission will declare reservation for these wards.Officials said that reservation for SC, ST, OBC, OBC women and open categories will be announced on January 27. Draws for the reservation of wards would be taken out at district collectorate at 11am on the day. On February 1, CMC would officially declare the draft plan of ward formation. Citizens would be able to submit their objections and suggestions over the draft till February 8. CMC would then independently summon the people raising objection over ward formation for hearing on their pleas.Earlier, there were 62 wards in Chandrapur municipal council. However, after formation of corporation, the number of wards increased by five. There will be 33 voting clusters. While 32 clusters would incorporate two wards each, a solitary cluster would have three wards. There will be 50% reservation for women in the civic election.The process of filing of nomination of zilla parishad and panchayat samiti election has been completed in Chandrapur district. As many as 615 nominations have been filed for 57 zilla parishad seats. Similarly, 1,011 nominations have been filed for 114 panchayat samiti seats in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634792", "title": "On R-Day, Khadia residents pledge to protect heritage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Danko Vagyo, Utho Ladvaiya Jagjo Shura,\" - the signature song of Prabhat Feris during the freedom struggle - will once again reverberate in Khadia area on Republic Day. It will mark new beginnings of the movement to protect the city's heritage buildings.Ninety-year-old freedom fighter Jagannath Soni, a resident of Desai ni Pol, will hoist the tricolour on Republic Day in the backyard of United Bengal Home - one of the oldest havelis in the city. This haveli, which was recently damaged in an attempt to replace it with a commercial building, is at present being restored to its original state after residents of Khadia fought to protect it.Soni, who participated in the Dandi March, said, \"We hope to reawaken unaware residents of the walled city that they must unite and raise their voice for the cause to protect the heritage of the walled city. Taking lessons from the eye-opening incident that occurred at the Dhobi ni Pol where the residents protected a heritage haveli, we have hosted this program.\"More than 200 families of Desai ni Pol, 50 families of Dhobi ni Pol, members of Khadia Itihas Samiti and Khadia Sewa Trust will sign a pledge to conserve walled city heritage structures and resist commercialization of the area during the program.Dr Hemant Bhatt, from Desai ni Pol Yuvak Mandal, said, \"We want this spirit of reawakening to spread to the entire walled city. We have planned to host a program in the backyard of United Bengal Home to motivate walled city residents to the cause of conservation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633968", "title": "TMBU VC asked to quit", "text": "PATNA: Bihar governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar has asked Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University VC K N Dubey to quit office by January 27 failing which the office of the VC would be deemed to be \"vacant\". The chancellor's move follows the B B Lal committee report which found charges of irregularities against the VC true. The committee was constituted by the chancellor last year following complaints against the VC. The chancellor's office on Monday referred the matter to the state education department which reportedly gave its nod for action against the VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633826", "title": "Cops list out traffic curbs for R-day", "text": "MUMBAI: The following roads will be closed between 6am and noon for the Republic Day parade on Thursday.Keluskar Road from its junction with Lady Jamshedji Road to the junction of Keluskar Road (south and north) will be blocked. Entry will be blocked from Veer Savarkar Road to Keluskar Road (south). S K Bole Road will be one-way from Siddhivinayak junction up to Hanuman temple. SVS Marg, from Mahim junction to Siddhivinayak, will be blocked, as well as up to Hinduja Hospital. Kataria Road from LJ Road up to Hinduja will also be blocked.Parking of vehicles will not be permitted on Keluskar Road, Shivaji Park Road No. 2, Lt. Dilip Gupte Marg from Keluskar road (north) to Pandurang Naik Marg, Veer Savarkar Marg, NC Kelkar Road from Gadkari chowk to Kotwal Garden, Tilak Bridge, Dr B A Road from Dadar TT to Ruia College Junction, Lady Jehangir Road from Ruia College to Five Gardens.Due to a Palkhi procession organized by Siddhivinayak temple, traffic will be affected on SVS Road, SK Bole Road, Gokhale Road, Kakasaheb Gadgil Marg, Sayani Road and Appasaheb Marathe Marg between 5pm and 11pm on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11634763", "title": "21-year-old stops Pune rogue driver, prevents more damage", "text": "PUNE: Wednesday began as a normal day for college student Sharif Ibrahim Kutty (21), but by mid-morning he had become a hero.Some quick thinking, prompt action and presence of mind helped him overpower state transport bus driver Santosh Maruti Mane and stop him from running over more people and causing further damage as he careened through parts of the city on Wednesday.Kutty, who lives in Vishrantwadi with his parentsand sister, is a final-year student of computer application. He was going to college on his motorcycle when he saw the bus knock down a woman and her daughter travelling on a scooter, and then a car.\"I stopped to help the injured. But when the bus, instead of halting, continued to speed on Napier Road, I got on my motorcycle and went after it in the hope that I could make the driver stop. I was afraid, but determined to catch him,\" he said.\"The bus driver hit two cars between Savarkar chowk and Samadhan bhel shop, but he slowed down on seeing barricades ahead. At this point, I halted my vehicle and jumped into the bus which was still moving. I pounced on the driver and dragged him out from the cabin,\" he said.Kutty, who was at the Swargate police station to record his statement, said, \"The bus driver's foot was on the accelerator, but I pulled him with all my strength. I was shocked when he showed no signs of remorse. Soon a mob entered the bus and began beating him till he was rescued by a police team.\"Psychiatrist says he treated driver: Solapur-based psychiatrist Dilip Burte on Wednesday said he had briefly treated MSRTC driver Santosh Mane for \"psychosis\" around one-and-a-half to two years back. Speaking to TOI from Solapur, Burte said, \" My preliminary observations were that he was showing symptoms of schizophrenia and mania.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11636577", "title": "Nirupama Rao meets Hillary Clinton, discusses range of bilateral issues", "text": "WASHINGTON: A wide range of bilateral and regional issues, including the importance of civil nuclear cooperation, were discussed during the first meeting of Indian Ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao with the Secretary of State Hillary Clinton here.\"They talked about maintaining the momentum in our bilateral relationship and our strategic dialogue,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters.\"They also talked about the full range of bilateral issues, including the importance of our civil nuclear cooperation and our continued efforts to chart a way forward that'll bring India the benefits of American nuclear technology,\" she said.This was Rao's first meeting with Clinton after she took over as Indian Ambassador to the US in Washington late last year.Rao, who has already done a lot of travel around the US and been to a lot of US universities, gave the secretary some flavour for that, the Spokesperson said.\"They talked about Afghanistan and the important role that India plays in supporting the new Silk Road Initiative, and private sector capacity building in Afghanistan,\" Nuland said, adding that they also discussed about Burma .Responding to questions, she said the two countries are still working through the legal and regulatory issues that the US has with India.Clinton and Rao also talked about Iran and how New Delhi and Washington can work together on the issue of US and EU sanctions against Tehran , she said.US is urging India to decrease its dependence on Iranian oil, which New Delhi insists that was very difficult to achieve.\"As we have said a number of times over the last week and a half, we have had intensive conversations with the government of India in Delhi about this legislation, and we are continuing to work with them on how we can implement it together in a phased and managed way,\" Nuland said.\"I am not going to give you an up-and-down scorecard on our consultations with each of these countries as they happen, and I am not in a position to comment on stray Israeli media reports,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11638498", "title": "Starry food's awards night in Chennai", "text": "It was an evening of high spirits as socialities and filmi celebs bonded over some great food!Indulging in the lavish spread on offer after the launch of the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide 2012, the conversation, needless to say, veered around food and everything else associated with it.While some decided to taste samples from everything on offer, some headed to their favourite joints which had put up their stalls at the venue. After treating their tastebuds to some delicious fare, most of the guests headed to the 'nightlife' section and ensured that the night was a long and cheerful one.It was an evening of high spirits as socialities and filmi celebs bonded over some great food! Indulging in the lavish spread on offer after the launch of the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide 2012, the conversation, needless to say, veered around food and everything else associated with it.While some decided to taste samples from everything on offer, some headed to their favourite joints which had put up their stalls at the venue. After treating their tastebuds to some delicious fare, most of the guests headed to the 'nightlife' section and ensured that the night was a long and cheerful one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634100", "title": "Police look for rapist in Bangalore &amp; Bhiwandi", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shahu Nagar police, hunting for a 42-year-old man (name withheld) accused of kidnapping and raping a six-year-old girl near Mahim station on Monday evening, learnt that he lured the victim after reportedly offering her Rs 10 to buy chocolates.Incidentally, the accused had tried to lure a four-and-a-half-year-old girl in similar fashion from the same locality on Monday, but failed. Investigators zeroed in on this person after combing the locality; they found him missing along with his belongings.DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said they have sent two teams to Bangalore and Bhiwandi to nab the culprit.\"The victim, locals and the girl who turned down the initial offer of the accused helped us identify the person. He, however, managed to flee minutes after raping the girl,\" inspector J Gorade told TOI on Wednesday.The accused had been living in a temporary shed for 3-4 months and sold cosmetics and stationery good. \"He fled before the police visited his hutment. His baggage was also missing,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11638555", "title": "Media miffed with Amala", "text": "Amala Paul is certainly the fastest rising female star in Tamil cinema currently, but the actress has also been quick to court controversies.First, it was the rumoured link-up with director Vijay, and now, it is her alleged preferential treatment to certain sections of the media. The actress' absence during the press meet of Kadhalil Sodhapuvadhu Yeppadi only added fuel to this recent controversy.When quizzed why the actress couldn't make it to the event, the film's producer Shashikanth revealed that Amala could not meet the press because she had an exam that day. When pressed whether he believed her excuse, the producer just maintained that he had to believe what his heroine had said.The actress was seen cheering for the Kollywood team during their celebrity cricket match the previous day and one media person was heard commenting how Amala could have been doing that when she had an important exam the very next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635583", "title": "Young editors occupy TOI", "text": "We've become guinea pigs for the government which tests its random policies on us,\" said a 17-year-old FYJC student. Another said, \"I want a safe Mumbai. One where our police are not potbellied, but trained to handle those expensive guns.\"Ten members of the core team were assigned to write on these concerns and were mentored by the TOI's senior journalists (Pages four and six).Others shadowed beat reporters and photographers to regular haunts such as the police commissioner's office, Mantralaya, Bombay High Court and the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) headquarters to collect breadand-butter news.Those assigned to the desk sat in on news management meetings and worked with the editing team to process what was rolling in. A third group of students drove off to the press at Kandivli for the crowning glory of seeing their efforts storm off the roaring machines.As they went through their paces, they brought a vibrancy to the newsroom, questioning the youngest intern to the oldest curmudgeon on the broad issues and the nitty-gritty of the job.These fifty-one teenaged creators of today's Mumbai edition are the cream of a hungry and impatient generation. They demand accountability, they think through with clarity, and express themselves fearlessly. As important, they are willing to listen to the other side. They clearly have both the ability and the will to safeguard the world's largest democracy.Working with these refreshing young minds, our own hardened journalists found themselves learning almost as much as they taught.Print commandStudents who visited the Times of India Press at KandivliAlan Joseph | HOLY FAMILY HIGH SCHOOL | Andheri East | 9th Amrin Dawawala | HVB GLOBAL ACADEMY | 9th Anurag Rao | AGNEL POLYTECHNIC | VASHI | 9th Gayatri Viswanathan | NEW HORIZON PUBLIC SCHOOL | AIROLI | 9th Kanika Jain | ADITYA BIRLA WORLD ACADEMY | 9th Neeraj Mulchandani | CHILDREN'S ACADEMY | THAKUR COMPLEX | 9th Palak Chheda | ST JOHN'S UNIVERSAL SCHOOL | GOREGAON | 9th Rishikesh Ganguly | FR AGNEL MULTIPURPOSE SCHOOL | VASHI | 9th Rutash Joshipura | JASUDBEN M L SCHOOL | KHAR | 8th Sakshi Chavan | RBK SCHOOL | MIRA ROAD SINGLE EDUCATION BOARD SYSTEM | 9th Shaunak Soman | IES MODERN HIGH SCHOOL | DADAR | 9th", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633867", "title": "Centre launches summit to address water problems", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ministry of Water Resources has decided to launch a week-long series of sessions to highlight the role of water in all areas of life. India Water Week 2012 ,that will take place in Delhi in April, will be the first of many to follow annually. The details were announced on Wednesday.The Centre will celebrate India Water Week annually to provide a base for national as well as international dialogues and deliberations for policy-makers. It will also concentrate on technical and socio-economic areas to generate innovative ideas and recognize significant works by the organizers and individuals. The main theme for this year's event is 'Water, Energy and Food Security: Call For Solutions'. The National Water Development Agency, New Delhi, along with the Cultural Board of Irrigation and Power, New Delhi will host the event.India Water Week, which will be held April 10 - April 14.The delegates will discuss the challenges facing the water, energy, agriculture and food industries due to the growing population. \"Around 700 million people in over 43 countries live without water. Water is a luxury to them. It has also been estimated that by 2025, 1.8 billion people will live in regions with absolute water scarcity and two-thirds of the world's population could be living under water-stressed conditions,\" said E B Patil, principal secretary, water resources department, Maharashtra government.There will be seminars, conferences, exhibitions and study tours as part of the event. The conferences will be organized at Vigyan Bhavan, while the exhibition -a key feature of the event-will be held at Pragati Maidan in New Delhi.Officials said that state level agencies, contractors, manufacturers, firms have been invited to showcase all their services.(This young editor was accompanied by Sukhada Tatke)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "11635325", "title": "Blood samples of Bhanwari's son taken to match DNA from recovered bones, teeth", "text": "JODHPUR : After taking blood samples of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and a daughter of Bhanwari Devi for DNA testing, the CBI, on Wednesday, took the blood sample of Sahil, Bhanwari's son, so that his DNA could be compared with those of the bones and teeth, which had been recovered by the agency form a canal in Jaloda.A team of two doctors - Kamlesh Purohit and Harendra Choudhary - along with a technician from MG Hospital had visited the CBI camp office here and collected Sahil's blood sample.\"I was asked to give blood for DNA sample and to match it with those in the bones in order to ascertain whether they are my mother's or not,\" Sahil said, adding, \"Permission in this regard was taken from my grandmother.\"Meanwhile, two absconding persons in the missing Bhanwari case, Pukh Raj Bishnoi and Dinesh Bishnoi, surrendered on Wednesday. The two were immediately arrested and produced them before the CBI magistrate, who remanded them in CBI custody till January 30.Both had been absconding for about two months with the agency searching for them with arrest warrants. Both of them have been grilled a number of times earlier and were privy to the abduction and alleged killing of Bhanwari Devi.CBI has also added one more witness to its list of statements. Ramdev Bugaliay, driver of a bus in which Bhanwari used to travel frequently, recorded his statements in court on Wednesday.Sources said he was quite close to her and used to spend pretty good time at her residence. Bugaliay was also found calling Bhanwair very frequently on her phone as per the call details of her cell phone. With Bugaliay's statements, the total number of statements CBI has recorded so far, has swelled to 11, including that of both accused and witnesses.Taking a step further, the CBI has also summoned a political leader, Shambhu Singh Khetasar, who defected from BJP during the last assembly elections and contested against Mahipal Maderna from Osian constitutency as an independent candidate, for interrogation on Wednesday.CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said Khetasar had been summoned to question him regarding Amarchand and Indra Bishnoi. Khetasar made Amarchand appear for the first time before the media alleging Maderna to be behind Bhanwari's abduction. The political leader was grilled for about six hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "11635072", "title": "He takes Jonga to vintage shows too", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: Yudhvir Singh Virk said when he purchased this vehicle, its condition was very worse and it was very tough for him to drive it. He said the seller had purchased the vehicle in an auction of Indian Army, as this vehicle was introduced in the army in the year 1960 and in 1999, the company stopped manufacturing this vehicle. Later, the army auctioned over 100 Jonga to civilians.A software engineer, Yudhvir said while restoring, he removed the canopy of Jonga and used spare parts of different vehicles for it. He did everything by himself except repaint, which was done from the market. He himself did the internal fabrication and fitted lights on the bars of his vehicle, which now runs very smoothly.A businessman, Yudhvir said he loves to spend time on restoration of things, as it gives him relaxation and satisfaction. He used to take his Jonga to vintage shows as well. Not only Jonga, Yudhvir also has .28 bore double barrel gun manufactured in the year 1952 by R B Rodda and a company of London, United Kingdom.He said now a days, people have .12 or .32 guns but no one knows about.28 gun that is antique now. He said he restored that gun and submitted it in police station due to elections. Even Yudhvir do not get cartridges for his .28 gun and he used to purchase them from New Delhi. Along with that, he also has imported Massey Ferguson tractor of 70s and is eyeing to restore it too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11641142", "title": "Agneepath gets a bumper opening, set to be first hit of the year", "text": "MUMBAI: Bollywood is all set to get its first hit of the year. Hrithik Roshan-starrer Agneepath has taken a bumper opening at the box office.Trade analyst Taran Adarsh said, \"Agneepath opening: Not just Hrithik's biggest opener, but also amongst the biggest opener of all times. It should have a record Day 1 collection.\"The first three weeks of January 2012 has not been good for the theatre owners with all the previous releases flopping at the box office.An exhibitor said, \"The audience response to the film has been extraordinary, we are now hopeful that this film will compensate for the losses we incurred in the first three weeks.\"Trade pundits feel the first day collection is likely to touch Rs 20 crore. Trade analyst Komal Nahata said, \"The film's first day collection could easily be between 19-20 crores. True to its title, Agneepath has taken a fiery start. It is a superb Republic Day gift by Karan Johar to the public!\"Some trade pundits say it is neck-to-neck with Salman Khan's Bodguard, which had collected Rs 21 crore on the first day of its release. Nahata said,\"It could just touch that figure\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "canning ( wb)", "code": "11640382", "title": "Four Congress workers shot at in West Bengal", "text": "Canning ( WB): Four Congress supporters were shot at and injured allegedly by Trinamool Congress workers over a monetary dispute at a village in South 24-Parganas district today.Police said the Congress workers-- Robin Sardar, Palash Sardar, Basudeb Sardar and Sudhangshu Sardar-- were admitted to a hospital and their condition is now stated to be stable.The four were allegedly shot at after an altercation broke out between them and the TMC workers regarding payment in connection with the construction of a pandal for a TMC rally in Andharia village.The four Congress workers have lodged an FIR against TMC workers Uttam Nayek, Sarit Mollah, Anil Sardar, Duranta Sardar and Mritunjay Sardar.Saibal Lahiri, Trinamool Congress president of Baruipur sub-division, however denied his party had any link with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11635438", "title": "From now, GPs to record festivities", "text": "MANGALORE: With an aim to curb the practice of Ajalu, Udupi tahsildar Prasanna Tashi has ordered all gram panchayats to video record any function in which Ajalu is performed during festivals such as Kambala, Kola and Maari Habba, in their localities.The decision was taken after allegations that Ajalu is still being carried out in the district clandestinely. Many say in between all this, law enforcement has proven to be a mute spectator. Ajalu is a practice where Koragas and people belonging to other communities are treated as inferiors. Hair, nails, other inedible or obnoxious substances are mixed in their food, and the lower-caste people are forced to eat it. It was banned stating these practices amount to exploitation of Koragas and treating them as slaves, and thus offends human dignity.Tashi, who is also chairman of Ajalu Nishedha Samithi, said, the order has been served on all panchayats that they should record proceedings of any festivities that involved Ajalu earlier. \"The cost of video shoot will be recovered from the organizers who seek permission to carry out the event,'' said Tashi.\"Though the practice was banned under Karnataka Koragas (prohibition of Ajalu practice) Act, 2000, the reality is different,\" said Susheela Nada, president, Koraga Abhivraddi Sanghagala Okkoota.\"We can tackle the problem if these are held by obtaining licence or permission from police. But if it's held in houses and Koragas participate by taking money, it becomes difficult as we will not have evidence nor prior information,'' Tashi said. There are several schemes under Integrated Tribal Development Programme to be self-reliant, but some Koragas do not take advantage of these schemes, Tashi observes.\"Unless Koragas are educated (those who practise it), we can't contain it,'' he said. \"If they are made to beat drums, it should not be in the paddy fields to chase evil spirits (like in Kambala), but they should be provided a common platform where others also perform,'' asserted Tashi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "11637745", "title": "BSF offers sweets to Pak Rangers", "text": "ATTARI: As a goodwill gesture on the occasion of India's 63rd Republic Day , Border Security Force (BSF) officials gave sweets to their counterparts of Pakistan Rangers from Zero Line at Attari (India)-Wagah (Pakistan) international border on Thursday.BSF deputy inspector general Sanjeev Bhanot gave boxes of sweets to wing commander Sohail Khan of Pakistan Rangers who congratulated BSF officials on India's Republic Day.In a reciprocal gesture, Pak Rangers officials also gifted sweets to BSF. Border forces of both nations exchange sweets and pleasantries from zero line on occasions like Republic Day, Independence Day, Diwali, Eid etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633796", "title": "Govt revises royalty on bricks", "text": "PATNA: Given the sustained boom in the construction industry for the last six fiscals under the Nitish Kumar-led dispensation in the state, the state government finally decided to cash in on the trend, and thereby took the plunge to augment its coffers by increasing the hitherto existing royalty charged on per unit of brick, producing 400 bricks. By implication, it will jack up the prices of bricks all over the state, both in urban and rural areas.The state cabinet on Tuesday approved the increase in royalty on bricks demanded by the government. In effect, the revision in the existing prices of bricks would become effective immediately. The increase in the royalty charged per unit of brick is paltry Rs 3.60. The existing rate of royalty per unit of brick is Rs 8 -- that is, Rs 8 is charged as royalty by the mines department on 400 bricks produced in a unit. The revised rate of royalty charged per unit, accordingly, would become Rs 11.60.Although the increase has sweeping effect on all the three categories (grades) of bricks produced by the brick-kiln owners and sold in the state's urban and rural markets, there are varying rates at which the graded bricks are purchasedsold. The three grades of bricks, in popular parlance, are called 'ek number (prime grade)', '1.5 number (sub-prime grade)', and 'do number (grade-2)'. In the open market, however, bricks are sold for a charge per 1,000 of them.\"The increase in the royalty charged on bricks is not substantial. It, therefore, will not substantially increase the prices of bricks in the open market for various kinds of use,\" said mines and geology department principal secretary S Majumdar, adding that there would be an increase of merely Rs 29 per 1,000 bricks.One Piyush Ghosh from Bhagalpur, engaged in the construction work, said that the existing rates of bricks purchased for use as per their respective grades in the district are Rs 5,200 per 1,000 of prime-grade bricks, Rs 4,600 per 1,000 of sub-prime bricks, and Rs 4,200 per 1,000 of grade-2 bricks. Accordingly, the existing prices have to be increased by Rs 29.Majumdar also said that the state has four graded markets for the use of bricks -- urban areas of Patna, Bhagalpur, Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga and Gaya districts make the first category, followed by all urban areas of the state, rural areas, and the one that is constituted by personal consumption, in that order. The local prices of bricks, by corollary, are decided by in which of the four markets they are being used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635156", "title": "Probe found discrepancies in Sanap's hall ticket", "text": "MUMBAI: An earlier inquiry against Nashik municipal corporation commissioner B D Sanap for allegedly putting in a dummy candidate to appear on his behalf in a departmental examination found discrepancies in the photo used on the hall ticket and also found that signatures on the hall ticket and the attendance sheet used for the exam did not match. The state government decided to withhold Sanap's MS-CIT certificate.In his defence, Sanap told the inquiry committee that he could cite other cases where the signatures on the hall ticket and attendance record did not match. He also blamed the examination centre for the photograph mismatch.Further, he argued that taking the MS-CIT examination was not binding on him since he had already crossed 50 years of age (the examination is optional for officials who have crossed 50 years of age).But the government except for withholding Sanap's MS-CIT certificate did not take any action against him. It was only two days ago that a departmental inquiry was ordered against him.Sources said Sanap's move to challenge a transfer in posting before the Central Administrative Tribunal in June last year could have worked against him. Apart from referring to the signature and photograph discrepancies, Chavan's order states that while Sanap claimed to have finished the paper in 30-35 minutes, records with the examination centre show that his answer sheet was submitted after 51 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11633757", "title": "Annual conference of surgeons from Jan 27", "text": "INDORE: Association of Surgeons of India, Madhya Pradesh Chapter is organizing a three day annual conference at the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) and Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) from Friday. More than 300 surgeons from state and abroad will participate in the seminar.The conference will be inaugurated by Madhya Pradesh Health Minister Mahendra Hardia and Dean MGMC Dr Pushpa Verma. On Friday, live operations about various forms of cancer, stone surgery, pancreatic surgery, laparoscopic surgery, hernia, piles and fistula will be conducted at the operation theatres of MYH.Chairman of the conference Dr Rajkumar Mathur said that doctors from Tata Cancer Hospital, Mumbai including Dr Vani Parmar and Dr Shailesh Shrikhande will be performing the surgery. Apart from these, Dr Rajesh Khullar from New Delhi, Dr Mohit Bhandari from Indore will also perform different surgeries.On January 28 and 29, lecture session has been organized, in which surgeons of international repute will share their experience. Dr Novaysu Kano from Japan, Dr Vinayak Kamath, US and Dr Makrand Tare from England will present their papers. A breast cancer symposium will also be conducted where Dr Satish Shukla will throw light on the topics related to disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11635241", "title": "2 fire brigade men get Prez medal", "text": "SURAT: Two personnel from the Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) fire brigade department will receive got the President's medal for meritorious service. SMC's fire brigade driver Dinu Nayka and fireman Ganpat Gavit showed their heroics in rescuing four persons including a 17-year-old girl trapped in the middle of flash floods in Ambika river at Umra village of Mahuva taluka in the district on July 7, 2011. Speaking to TOI, chief fire officer, Pankaj Patel said, \"More than often, our endeavors and services go unnoticed. The medals for the fire brigade department of SMC have come after two long decades.\" tnnRecalling the incident, Gavit said \"It was a very tough job to rescue the persons trapped in the middle of the river. The water current was very strong, but we somehow manage to rescue all four.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11634601", "title": "Can TMC's Taekwondo flatten Congress?", "text": "A theatre of insurgency in the 1970s, Singjamei has always had interesting cast of characters fighting it out for this constituency - this time the battle is between former Stephenian Irengbam Hemochandra Singh and Taekwondo champion Yumnam Khemchand Singh. Most agree that the third contender, Manipur People's Party (MPP)'s H Nabashyam, has little chance in the January 28 polls.Congress candidate Hemochandra, the present speaker of the Manipur assembly and a product of New Delhi's prestigious St. Stephen College, has a history of successes in Singjamei. His father, Tompok Singh, was the state's deputy chief minister and had served this constituency for a long time before he died in a plane crash. Many residents of Singjamei are still loyal to the Irengbam family.Treading on the political footsteps of his late father, Hemochandra - one of the youngest speakers in the state assemblies - has won four elections from Singjamei. But this time, the militant ban on Congress, has dampened his campaign - one of his supporters was killed and another two injured in a blast near his residence in Singjamei. He has still taken it all in his stride. \"The threat of rebels threat does affect my chance in any way as people here support me. I'll retain their backing even if I leave the Congress. This relationship is beyond political lines,\" he said.Hemochandra, however, condemned the violence. \"The (rebels) should rethink their strategy because bloodshed cannot prove a point. Let this incident be the last, it they have a problem they should have come forward on other avenues,\" said an emotional Hemochandra. He added that he is not demanding a larger leadership role within the party. \"I will eventually get what I deserve after my long political career and dedicated work for the welfare of the people,\" he said.The Congress leader, however, knows that he has to deal a gritty challenger this time. \"This election, my ultimate rival is Yumnam Khemchand. But I'm confident that I will win these polls comfortably,\" he said.Founder of the Assam Taekwondo Association, TMC's Khemchand is a man built for contests. \"I never mention my rival's name in my campaign. I only concentrate on what I will do for Singjamei if I come to power,\" Khemchand said. Fondly known as 'Sir' among his students and political colleagues, Khemchand had also been at the helm of the Manipur Taekwondo Association.Khemchand has told the voters that if elected, he will hand over the Local Areas Development fund to the people of Singjamei. Knowing fully well the sentiments of Singjamei voters, who complain that the Speaker has not done enough for the constituency, he emphasized that his constituency will be his priority. \"I will devote my first three years for the development of my constituency. Only after that will I take up state-level issues,\" he said.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635426", "title": "Robbery bid foiled at Bajaj Nagar house, one held", "text": "JAIPUR: Seven armed robbers barged into a house at Bajaj Nagar locality in the wee hours of Wednesday, but their robbery bid was foiled as the owner of the house got awake and shouted for help. However, before fleeing, they managed to take away two cell phones and a wallet containing some money and ATM cards. While one of the robbers was nabbed by the police, others managed to escape.At 1.30 am, the robbers barged into the house of one Parmanand Sharma, a lawyer, at the Lal Singh Judoo colony in Bajaj Nagar area. They entered the house from the terrace by unlocking the door of the third floor and upon entering overpowered Zalim Singh (24) and Mani Madhukar Sharma (18), who were studying, police said.\"The dacoits thrashed Zalim and Mani and tied them to chairs. Hearing the noise, Parmanand, sleeping on the ground floor, woke up and suspecting something amiss upstairs, started shouting for help, \"Shiv Ratan Godara, circle inspector, Bajaj Nagar, said.Seeing the family awake, the robbers snatched a wallet and two cellphones and ran away. After which the family informed the police control room.\"They did not have any vehicles and ran away in different directions. However, two of them while fleeing fired at two constables, Devender and Ramchander, who were out on night patrol duty,\" Godara added.The cops were unhurt and chased them. They nabbed one Khurshid (24) and took him to the Bajaj Nagar police station.Police said the gang belonged to Bangladesh and was illegally staying in Delhi.\"We are interrogating Khurshid to know more about his accomplices and their whereabouts. Khurshid said their gang was based in Delhi. Though he has not confessed involvement in any other dacoity or robbery, our team is verifying it,\" BL Soni, Commissioner of Police, said.Soni added Bangladeshis were involved in at least a dozen incidents of robbery and dacoity in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635990", "title": "Kalam was Nair's best guru", "text": "G Madhavan Nair became a rocket scientist by accident, and went on to be known as the Moon Man. The accident was a literal one, when the remains of a small rocket launched from Thumba Equatorial Rocket Launching Station (TERLS) fell on the grounds of the College of Engineering at Thiruvananthapuram, where he was a student.Nair followed up his engineering degree with a year of study at Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC), and went on to join TERLS in 1967. His first boss was a certain mild-mannered scientist called Dr A P J Abdul Kalam . When Kalam became project director for the Satellite Launch Vehicle (SLV-3) programme, he made Nair responsible for designing SLV 3's avionics. Nair has called Kalam his \"best guru\".\"When SLV 3 failed in its first launch, Kalam taught us the biggest management lesson of all. When successful, share the credit with your colleagues, but when faced with failure, own up yourself. The leader always owns up the failure. When SLV-3 failed, it was a heartbreaking moment. But we took an oath that within a year, we'll fly it with success, and in 1980 we did,\" he recalled in a 2009 interview.Nair went on to become project director for the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) programme, the first time on board computers were used in Indian spacecraft. The first launch was a disaster, but that led to the establishment of simulation facilities that made the second flight of PSLV a pitch-perfect launch. PSLV has since launched 39 spacecraft, 17 Indian and 22 foreign.Nair was chairman of ISRO from 2003 to 2009, one of the organization's most active periods. His tenure saw the completion of 25 successful missions, including Chandrayaan I, INSAT 3E and 4A, EDUSAT and OCEANSAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11639208", "title": "Advani bats for compulsory voting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the ongoing debate over electoral reforms, BJP leader L K Advani today batted for compulsory voting, saying it was not an impossible task to achieve.He also supported the plans of the Election Commission to register all citizens of India as voters. At the same time, Advani said the EC should ensure that all the registered voters also cast their ballot.\"What is more important is that the voting percentage should increase and if possible it should be near the cent per cent mark,\" he said.\"...I don't find compulsory or mandatory voting as something which is impossible in India...people have to be encouraged that they fulfil their responsibility towards democracy,\" he said at a flag hoisting ceremony at his residence on the occasion of the Republic Day.He said while Right to Education is now a fundamental right, voting should be a fundamental responsibility of the citizens to ensure an honest administration.The Chairman of the BJP Parliamentary Party said though the EC has an important role in electoral reforms, the state governments and political parties should also pitch in.When asked whether BJP supported compulsory voting, Advani said \"I have always been in favour...some of our (BJP-ruled) states have even passed laws in that regard though it has not received the assent of the (respective) Governors as yet.\"Refusing to go into the issue of 'right to reject'where voters have a right to reject all candidates in fray, he was all praise for the Election Commission tableau at the Republic Day parade at Rajpath this morning.The flag hoisting ceremony at the BJP leader's residence witnessed some anxious moments when the tricolour did not open due to a technical glitch which was later rectified.The Law Ministry plans to call an all-party meeting on electoral reforms in the coming days. Its proposals on the issue include barring candidates against whom charges have been framed in cases of heinous crimes besides limited state funding of elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "doiwala", "code": "11635055", "title": "Uttarakhand polls: Graft slur doesn\u2019t faze Nishank on home turf", "text": "DOIWALA: Shunned by his own party men, especially supporters of B C Khanduri, for his alleged corruption, voters in Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank's constituency would laugh at you, mock you and even show you the door if you persist with the question about graft being a factor in the election.Doiwala is the only constituency, where BJP is talking of Nishank's long contribution but not before excising whatever Khanduri has done. Let alone celebrate, passage of the Lokayukta Act is not even mentioned.It would have been a grass-root feedback for Team Anna. But they chose not to come here.To add to Nishank's delight, Congress's Hira Singh Bisht has already given up. \"They decided my candidature only when nominations started. I wanted to contest from Raipur. Anyway, I will give Nishank a fight,\" he says, waiting for crowds to gather at a street-corner meeting. After a long wait little over 100 have gathered to listen to Congress leader Rajiv Shukla.But corruption is just not an issue. Small restaurant owner Ganesh Rawat gives it a philosophical turn when he says, \"Iljam to sab par lagte rehte hain.\" (Allegations are leveled against everyone). Others are talking of Nishank's victory margin.Nishank himself has decided to outshout the allegations of corruption by asking his detractors to bring the proof. No one is spared, not even Team Anna. Nishank challenges them to bring evidence failing which he would take Arvind Kejriwal to court. At a roadside meeting in Bhanniwala, which has swelled to around 1,000 people, also attended by party president Nitin Gadkari, Nishank is in his elements. He refers to all the allegations against him, and calls them erroneous and biased. \"In the last 50 years, Uttarakhand has not seen as much development as during my tenure,\" he says emphasizing than anything else. Certificate of innocence comes from Gadkari himself who says charges against Nishank have not been proved, whereas 2G, Adarsh society scams and others have been certified by the Comptroller &amp; Attorney General.Congress's hand in Nishank's comfortable position is not limited to delaying finalization of its candidate and fielding someone like Bisht who was vying for another seat and has reluctance written all over him. Many in the BJP camp admit that for Congress any candidate who would have defeated Nishank might have become too big for the party. In lieu, Nishank, the go-getter, is expected to lie low and not go out of the way in weaning MLAs in case of hung assembly, which appears to be a strong possibility. Few of his supporters would like to see him as CM, but Nishank knows he is not in the race for the top job. Least he can do is to act passive, and let Congress do its own bidding.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633798", "title": "'Where does milk adulteration take place?'", "text": "MUMBAI: The HC on Wednesday expressed concern over the adulteration of milk during transportation.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a PIL against milk adulteration filed by homeopath Dr Sreedevi Mehta, chemical engineer Karan Doshi and Vidhvatta Malhotra, a home-maker who has a two-year-old child. They asked the court to direct setting up of an agency to certify milk with a 'milk mark' which would ensure quality and a 24-hour helpline to enable people to register complaints. To a query from the judges as to where the adulteration takes place, their advocate Mahendra Sethna replied, \"At the dairy mainly, but it can also be that a person who comes to deliver does the mixing.\"He added that if a 'milk mark' is evolved even distributors will be protected in sale and milk distribution will continue to be unadulterated.Sethna referred to a Food Safety Standards Authority of India report stating that nearly 70% milk samples collected across India were contaminated.Justice Shah said, \"We want to entertain this petition. Is it pointed out in the petition whether adulteration takes place during transit.\" The Maharashtra Milk Distributor Association said it wants to help. The judges have allowed the petitioners to amend their petition to add the State Agriculture and Dairy Development Department and Mahanand Milk Association Kruti Sangh as party respondents. The matter will he heard on February 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11634998", "title": "Off-roading gets patriotic touch for pedallers", "text": "LUDHIANA: A group of cyclists are all set to enjoy the Republic Day holiday off-roading on the city's outskirts and escaping the rush. Adding a patriotic touch to their excursion, the group of about 12 pedallers has planned to first pay obeisance at Gandhi Dham and then enjoy nature along the Satluj River.''Since Thursday is Republic Day and a holiday for everyone we thought that something special should be done. The best idea that came to us was to visit some historic place. Initially, we decided to see historical places inside the city but later changed our plans in view of the traffic congestion that will be caused by VIP movement on the roads,\" said Devinder Nagi, a school teacher and leader of the expedition.Devinder said they will carry their cycles in cars till Shani Dham near Satluj where some friends from Phillaur plan to join. ''Then we will head to Gandhi Dham and keep going along the Satluj canal as it has a thick cover of trees and the flow of Satluj plays an enchanting music,\" he added.Krishna Nagar-resident Manny Panday expressed its excitement and said, ''We will take our food along and enjoy a picnic. It will not be my first time on the particular track but I love it. Some of my friends have also promised to come along this time.''Vikrant Prabhakar, a businessman staying in BRS Nagar, has neither to Gandhi Dham or on the road along the river. ''Pedalling inside the city, even if in Punjab Agricultural University, is different from going to the outskirts, away from the madding crowd and pollution. When my friend told me the route, I immediately agreed to join,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634212", "title": "College fests raise awareness on social issues", "text": "MUMBAI: College festivals are no longer just about quizzes, dances and competitions. Over the years, these fests have become platforms to raise awareness about issues affecting the common public. Little wonder then that more and more inter-college festivals are being organized around serious issues.As part of its social-awareness campaign, a city-based company has launched a week-long inter-college festival focusing on water conservation, while St Andrew's College in Bandra organized a two-day seminar on land conservation.Starting with 10 of Mumbai's top colleges, the campaign-'Water-We deserve it. Let's conserve it-is the outcome of the company's latest annual report that focused on water scarcity.\"Students have expressed their solidarity to the cause. We not only received over 250 registrations from just 10 colleges for one event, but also received thousands of responses from across the country for our online events,\" said Arun Raste, head of corporate communications at IDFC , the company that organized the event.Various group discussions were held and students were invited to share a report on steps their colleges are taking to conserve water. \"It was a very different experience. We discussed the serious issue of water conservation and had fun at the same time,\" said Chinchu Thankachan, a participant.Students from colleges like St Xavier's, HR (Churchgate), Jai Hind (Churchgate), St Andrew's and Mithibai (Vile Parle) participated in this event that concluded on Tuesday.Recently, St Andrew's College organized a seminar to raise awareness about land conservation in a city like Mumbai. \"Our speakers shed light on problems of land acquisition as well as SEZs. Students participated in various discussions,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635616", "title": "Kidnapped boy\u2019s body found, five arrested", "text": "LUCKNOW: The body of a nine year-old boy who was kidnapped two days back was found in a pond in Chaturpur village under Itaunja police station area on Wednesday. The police have arrested five of the kidnappers. The boy could have been saved, had the police not acted slowly after receiving information about his whereabouts, sources said. The victim was identified as Himanshu Shukla, son of Rajneesh Shukla. Himanshu was adopted by his grandfather Ram Kumar Tiwari, a resident of Ekta Park in Aliganj.Ram's daughter Kanchan had given birth to twins and then given his son to her father. Presenting a brave face, the police instead boasted about arresting five of the kidnappers, including a cousin of the victim. They were identified as Mohit Misra (who happens to be Himanshu's cousin), Girish Kumar, Abbu Kumar, Kamlesh, all residents of LDA Colony, and their friend Kaushal Gautam, a resident of Itaunja's Chaturpur, the village where Himanshu's body was found in a pond.According to reports, Himanshu, a class IV student at Florence Nightingale College in Khadra, was returning with his friend Divya on a bicycle in school uniform when he was intercepted by his cousin Mohit and Girish on a motorcycle. Mohit asked Himanshu to come with him as he was going to attend a fair nearby. Himanshu readily agreed and told Divya that he was going with his brother. Mohit and Girish then met Abbu and Kamlesh at Chandrika Devi Temple gate, where they were waiting in a four-wheeler.Leaving the motorcycle there, Mohit and Girish took Himanshu in the car and sped towards Chaturpur village in Itaunja. On way, Girish made a call on Ram Kumar's mobile number through a Tata Docomo SIM at 4.32 pm asking him to arrange Rs 30 lakh if he wanted safe release of his grandson. Police said that initially, Ram Kumar did not take the matter seriously, but when Himanshu did not return even after a few hours, he rushed to Aliganj police station. The police claimed that he came at the police station at around 9 pm on Monday evening.Sources, however, said that Ram Kumar did inform the Aliganj police immediately after the ransom call was received. In the meantime, Aliganj police informed about the incident to SP (TG) Deepika Garg. The SOG team was also alerted which also reached the Aliganj police station. The police, during initial course of investigation, came to know that the incident took place in Hasanganj police station area. It was after this that the FIR was lodged with Hasanganj police.Sources said that since the display screen of the mobile being used by Ram Kumar was not functioning properly, the police could not get the number through which the ransom call was made. The cops tried to get the display screen rectified instead of pursuing for speedy delivery of call detail record (CDR). All this delayed the police action. The mobile number of Ram Kumar could be taken on surveillance only next day morning. The police blame the mobile operator for this delay.However, according to the accused, by this time, fearing that Himanshu would spill the beans about Mohit once he is released, they tightened the school tie around his neck and killed him within a few hours after kidnapping. The investigators, in the meantime, came to know about the location of the accused through surveillance and nabbed five of them one by one. It was on the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday that the police found the body of Himanshu from the pond.Later, DIG D K Thakur, however,said that there was no laxity on the part of cops and it was quick reaction of the police that the perpetrators were nabbed in less than over 24 hours.However, till their arrest, the police did not know that the accused had killed the boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "11635381", "title": "Golden Peacock Lifetime Award for Ramdas Pai", "text": "MANIPAL: Dr Ramdas M Pai, chairman, Manipal Education and Medical Group, has been awarded the Golden Peacock Lifetime Achievement Award for 2011 in recognition of his contribution in the field of education and healthcare. Dr Pai received the award from M Veerappa Moily, Union minister for corporate affairs, at the 22nd World Congress on Total Quality held in Bangalore, a press release from Manipal University here states.Dr Pai was conferred Padma Bhushan early in 2011 and late last year he was awarded Datuk, a Malaysian award. The Golden Peacock award was conferred by the Institute of Directors, an apex organization of company directors in India. Attributing his success to efforts of entire Manipal family, Dr Pai said: \"I have received the award as a representative of the entire team, who has together put in their efforts to make the group a vibrant unit in above fields.\"This award, Dr Pai said will provide impetus to the team to strive for more achievements. \"I am happy that in Manipal, where our healthcare team is working on various health indices, we are at par with developed countries,\" he said. \"While I am thrilled at the recognition given to our team's contribution to expansion of education and healthcare, it shall be our mission to continue this humanitarian work with greater zeal in the days to come\".Dr Ranjan Pai, MD and CEO of the group said: \"This is a proud moment for us. His untiring industry, dedicated perseverance and devotion to his causes have won him this award and other accolades earlier\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11633833", "title": "High Court to hear PIL on Congress flag on Feb 1", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A PIL filed in the Allahabad High Court seeking directions to the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) to issue orders for freezing the flag of the Indian National Congress and also restraining the party from using it for election campaigning, will now be heard on February 1.A bench of Chief Justice S R Alam and Justice R V Singh on Wednesday deferred the hearing till February 1 on the request of the petitioner's counsel.The PIL has been filed by Adiwasi Samajotthan Evam Kalyan Samiti, Allahabad, through its president Ram Kumar Maurya.The petitioner, claiming to be a registered society under the Societies Registration Act, has also prayed that the CEC be directed to issue another circular (in continuation of its earlier circular dated January 8) asking the UP chief secretary to cover the statues of Congress presidents Jawahar Lal Nehru , Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and other leaders of various political parties that were put up at public places at the cost of state exchequer.A demand was also made through the petition that order of the Election Commission, if any, which creates a distinction between the statues of living and non-living political personalities be quashed.The petitioner society has also demanded that a direction be issued to the opposite parties to ensure that no symbol of any political party is permitted to be used at any public place to ensure free and fair elections in UP.It has also been demanded that the EC should restrain the Indian National Congress from using the national tricolor for the purposes of its elections.The CEC, Union of India (through home secretary), chief secretary of the UP Government, Indian National Congress (through its president and general secretary), BJP (through its president/general secretary), SP, BSP and NCP (through their presidents) and RLD (through its president) have been made parties in the PIL.A relief against other political parties have also been sought from the court to issue an appropriate circular restraining the use of bicycles distributed at the cost of public exchanger and further to restrain the use of hand-pumps installed at various places at the cost of public exchequer.The PIL alleged that statues of the aforementioned prime ministers, built at the cost of state exchequer, give undue advantage to the party in UP as well as other in other states going to polls. \"Therefore, there is a need to cover all such statues with fabric/plastic sheets, etc., so that other political parties are not deprived of a level playing field,\" it was submitted.\"The flag of the Indian National Congress has been closely associated with the freedom movement and bears a very close resemblance to the national flag. Thus, the party has been continuously deriving undue advantage of the glory and legacy of the national freedom movement which is very strongly etched in the minds of the people of the country,\" it was submitted.The petitioner, in view of these facts, demanded that it would be appropriate for the EC to issue suitable directions for freezing the party flag and retrain its use in the election campaign of the party.UP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11635755", "title": "Scientist debunks flying myth", "text": "LONDON: A scientist at Cambridge University has debunked the long-held myth about how aircraft stay aloft.Aeroplanes can fly as their wings cause the air pressure underneath to be greater than that above, lifting them into the air. But, engineers have for years been frustrated by a theory which wrongly explains what causes the pressure change, a myth commonly found in school textbooks and flight manuals.But, Holger Babinsky of Cambridge University's engineering department has now created a minute-long video, posted on You-Tube website, to lay to rest the myth once and for all, the Daily Telegraph reported.According to conventional wisdom, the pressure change happens as the air on the curved upper surface of the wing has further to travel than that below the flat underneath surface, meaning it must travel faster to arrive at the other side of the wing at the same time.Babinsky says the myth goes against the laws of physics and the real explanation has nothing to do with the distance the air has to travel. According to him, the curvature of the wing causes the change in air pressure because it pulls some of the air upwards, which reduces pressure, and forces the rest beneath it, creating higher pressure.A law known as the Bernoulli equation means that when pressure is lower, air moves faster - so the air stream above the wing does moves more quickly than the one below, but this is not what causes the difference in pressure.Babinsky proved his theory by filming smoke passing across a wing. If traditional wisdom had been correct the smoke above and below the wing should have reached the front edge at the same time. The video demonstrates that the explanation is fundamentally flawed because the plume above the wing reached the edge much sooner than the plume below, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635543", "title": "2nd Barfiwala flyover arm to open tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: The second arm of the Barfiwala flyover, which connects Juhu Galli in Andheri (W) and the Western Express Highway (WEH) in the east via Gokhale Road, will be fully operational from Friday.The 354-m southern arm of the Y-shaped flyover has already been functional since June 2011.\"The distance can now be crossed within a few minutes without any hold-up at the timeconsuming SV Road junction. The two arms of the Barfiwala flyover are expected to ease the transit of more than seventy thousand vehicle daily from east to west and vice versa,\" said a source in MSRDC.The Rs 25-crore Barfiwala flyover is the second to ease eastwest connectivity after the Dahisar rail overbridge last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11633286", "title": "Tree felling probe", "text": "DHANBAD: A three-member inquiry committee headed by the additional district magistrate has been constituted to probe illicit felling of over 150 old trees on eight acres of land at Pichari village in Govindpur circle recently.Dhanbad deputy commissioner S K Barnwal has asked the committee to submit its report within a week. Other members of the committee are land reforms deputy collector and panchayati raj officer of Dhanbad.According to the DC, the trees planted on the land of Nkulchandra Pal and Manohar Chandar Pal were found uprooted recently. \"There was no permission for felling the trees,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11634757", "title": "Blackmarketing from former councilor's rice mill exposed", "text": "GONDIA: Gondia's district superintendent of police Chandrakishore Meena exposed blackmarketing of foodgrains and seized 474 bags of grains on Tuesday evening.Meena himself led the chase of a truck, suspected to be carrying foodgrains for the Antodaya scheme and found that it was going from Ramnagar government godown to the closed rice mill belonging to Gopal H Agrawal in Katangi (Vijaynagar) village on the outskirts of Gondia. After inspection, 474 bags of rice and wheat were found ready for going to black market. A huge number of empty private and government bags were also found. Agrawal is a former councilor of Gondia municipal council.Sources said that bringing foodgrains meant for public distribution system from government godowns to abandoned rice mills, changing their bags and selling them in the black market is rampant in Gondia.Police sources said that at least three cases of blackmarketing of foodgrains worth about Rs 50 lakh have been under investigation for the last several years. There were also reports that such trade was also going on at Agrawal's rice mill and Meena was keeping a watch on these activities. On Tuesday, when the truck was spotted leaving this godown, the SP himself gave a chanse and stopped it in front of the rice mill. \"During inquiry, it came to fore that the rice mill has been closed for the last ten years and it was given on rent to the racketeers involved in blackmarketing,\" a source said.Twenty-one government bags of rice and 9 bags of wheat, and 142 private bags of rice and 302 private wheat bags were seized. Three hundred white private bags and 1,300 government stamped bags were found in the mill, indicating the scale of the racket. Since an offence under Essential Commodities Act was to be registered, tehsildar Motghare was summoned and an offence was registered against Shankar Agrawal (44) and he was arrested. He is reported to be the main accused according police. Sunil Pache (26), Ravi Khairwar (21) and four others have also been arrested.Four others, Kailash Agrawal (48), Dinesh Gupta(45), Rajsingh Sardar (50) and Mukesh Bansod (45), all from Gondia, are also alleged to have been involved in the racket and are absconding. The estimated cost of these grains is reported to be worth Rs 7.5 lakh.The SP was assisted by PSI Ulhas Kadam, PSI Pausekar and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "11635541", "title": "Three die in bridge collapse", "text": "FAIZABAD: At least three persons died while over a dozen seriously injured after an underconstruction bridge in Tanda division of Ambedkarnagar district, 200 km from Lucknow, collapsed on Wednesday.The ill-fated bridge over Saryu river in Raipur was currently undergoing construction and was being built by the Uttar Pradesh Bridge Corporation. On Wednesday evening, when the construction work was going on, a 30-metre-long slab broke down and collapsed in the flowing water of the Saryu. According to police sources , five persons are still missing while over a dozen are hospitliased.Faizabad divisional commissioner Madhusudan Raizada , said, \"Till now we have found three bodies from the river and the search operations are going on. A relief team has been deputed on the spot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634570", "title": "14-year-old accuses doctor of molestation", "text": "NAGPUR: An Ayurvedic doctor was arrested on Wednesday morning for allegedly molesting a minor girl in Yashodhara Nagar area. The victim, a Std VIII student, had gone for a check-up at the doctor's clinic in Vandevi Nagar when he allegedly misbehaved with her on Tuesday morning.Dr Mohammad Sajid Ansari, a resident of Hansapuri, was arrested after the victim's parents lodged a complaint with Yashodhara Nagar police station on Wednesday afternoon.The girl was suffering from fever and had gone with her eight-year-old brother for the check-up when Ansari (30) misbehaved with her. The girl told the police that her brother was sitting outside with the other two patients when the doctor tried to molest her.\"The girl said that after the check-up, Ansari pulled the curtain of his room and misbehaved with her on the pretext of examining her,\" said PSI V S Pande, the investigating officer. The girl ran out and left for home with her brother. She claimed that the doctor also abused her.On reaching home, the victim narrated the incident to her mother. In the afternoon, the parents approached the police station and lodged a complaint. Ansari has been booked for molestation, but was granted bail. Police are verifying his credentials.However, talking to TOI, Ansari denied all the allegations. \"She had come for the check-up. The allegations are false. Cops can ask the other patients who were sitting outside,\" said Ansari.\"The victim was always accompanied by her mother to the clinic, but since she was busy with household works, she asked the girl to go with her brother,\" said police.Cops said that since Ansari has been running his clinic since many years and a majority of the residents go to him for check up. \"So far, none of the residents has lodged such a complaint,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634857", "title": "Farmers held for dumping electrocuted body in Narmada canal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The mystery behind a body recovered from the Narmada canal in Karai has been resolved. The cops have arrested two persons in this regard. According to police investigations, the victim had died of electrocution at a farm in Gandhinagar. The farmer, scared of consequences, had dumped the body in the canal to dodge police.According to officials of the local crime branch (LCB) of Gandhinagar police, the body was fished out of the canal on January 17. The body, said LCB officials, was tied to a cement slab with a nylon rope before being dumped into the canal.Investigations took the cops to Shahpur village of Gandhinagar district. LCB officials tracked down two persons - Manu Patel and Jaldip Patel, residents of Shahpur village. \"Our intelligence network told us the body had been dumped in the canal late in the night of January 12 by the two,\" said LCB officials.Based on this tip-off the cops called Manu and Jaldip to LCB office in Gandhinagar. \"The duo was questioned separately. After feigning ignorance initially, the two confessed. Manu said that he is a farmer and to protect his farm land, where he has cultivated potato, from cattle and wild animals during the night he had strung up live electric wires,\" said Gandhinagar, LCB.Early on January 12, Manu saw that an unidentified man lay by the side of his farm. On closer inspection Manu realized that the man had died of electrocution when he touched the live electric wire. Scared by the prospect of being arrested, Manu called his nephew Jaldip to help in disposing the body. The duo had then tied the unidentified body to a cement slab and dumped it in the Narmada canal near Raipur village.\"Manu and Jaldip have been arrested and now we are trying to establish the identity of the victim,\" said Gandhinagar LCB police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11633392", "title": "Naveen seeks SRE coverage for 4 districts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday reiterated Odisha's demand for inclusion of Nuapada, Bargarh, Balangir and Kalahandi districts in the centrally sponsored Security Related Expenditure (SRE) scheme.In a letter to Union home minister P Chidambaram, Naveen pointed out that there has been a significant rise in naxal violence in parts of Chhattisgarh bordering Odisha as well as Nuapada, Balnagir and Bargarh districts. \"Maoists are building up a base in Sunabeda reserve forest of Nuapada and its adjoining areas. They are also trying to spread their network along the Odisha-Chhattisgarh border by creating and consolidating bases in Nuapada, Baragrh, Balnagir and Kalahandi districts of western Odisha,\" he said.Naveen said there was an urgent need to include the four districts under the purview of the SRE scheme to strengthen security infrastructure so as to effectively curtail and contain the spread of the left-wing extremists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634706", "title": "Congress to give NCP seats, candidates", "text": "PANAJI: In what appears to be a repeat of the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, when Congress leader Jitendra Deshprabhu quit the party, joined NCP and filed papers for the North Goa seat as an alliance candidate, Congress is ready to concede seats to the NCP as long as they field candidates of the Congress choice.As parleys between Congress and NCP ended inconclusively in Delhi on Wednesday, after party leaders failed to reach a consensus on Mayem and Sanvordem constituencies, All India Congress Committee secretary Sudhakar Reddy told TOI Congress is willing to give Mayem and Sanvordem constituencies to NCP. NCP is, however, not happy with the fact that Congress wants to accommodate the children of some sitting ministers and MLAs in the seats.While Congress wants home minister Ravi Naik's son Roy to contest from Mayem and urban development minister Joaquim Alemao son's Yuri from Sanguem, in Sanvordem there is a different equation.Though NCP is claiming Mandrem where it plans to field Sangeeta Parab, sources said that since Congress wants Mandrem to accommodate former BJP MLA Dayanand Sopte but doesn't want to upset Sameer Salgaocar who has applied for the ticket in that constituency, the party decided that NCP should be given the Sanvordem seat and Arjun Salgaocar, son of current Sanvordem MLA Anil Salgaocar and brother of Sameer be fielded on the NCP ticket.During discussions NCP also demanded the Cortalim seat but Congress made it clear they will not concede it to the alliance partner.Leaders of both parties had on Tuesday agreed to give seven seats to NCP, but could not arrive on the names of the constituencies. According to the sources Vasco, Tivim, Mapusa, Saligao, Porvorim and Sanguem seats have finalized but discussions on Mayem and Sanvordem continue.Sources told TOI that NCP will eventually get Mayem whose candidate has already been decided-Roy-at the top level in Delhi. This has left the Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate camp fuming. His candidate-Panaji deputy mayor-Rudresh Chodankar has been vying hard for the Congress ticket in Mayem while education minister Vishwajit Rane had been backing Pravin Zantye, son of former Congress MLA Harish Zantye in the constituency.Reddy confirmed that two seats are yet to be decided upon. \"There are hitches on one or two seats and we will discuss this issue at our next meeting,\" he said. He added, \"Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) will be the understanding partner of Congress and we will decide on how we can help each other.\"The next Congress screening committee and alliance meeting is likely to be held on Saturday. Chief minister Digambar Kamat, state Congress president Subhash Shirodkar and NCP coordinator Praful Hede returned to Goa on Wednesday.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11633346", "title": "Munda calls for inclusive growth", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Target group of any welfare scheme should be genuinely benefited regardless of the size of the funds, said chief minister Arjun Munda .To hand over documents of a welfare scheme worth Rs 200 crore to the identified beneficiaries in the Steel City on Wednesday, Munda said his government is committed to ensure inclusive growth of the state.At the Vikas Mela Saha Maha Wrin Shivir in Baridih, he said, \"Smiles on the faces of the disadvantaged section is the objective of any welfare and development plan conceived by the government.\"As many as 1,000 girls from the below poverty line families were given the papers under Mukhyamantri Laxmi Ladli Yojna while Kisan Credit Card was also distributed among beneficiary farmers of the district.Besides, 49 financially poor boys were given hands-on training certificate at the function. The CM unveiled various projects under Integrated Action Plan for 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11635164", "title": "Intelligence, morality have no correlation: US expert", "text": "CHENNAI:How did Mahatma Gandhi and Osama Bin Laden , who were both from fairly affluent families, end up following such different paths? The subject was the morality and intelligence and the connection, or lack thereof, between the two. Howard Gardner had a packed audience at IIT-Madras spellbound.\"There is no evidence of any interdependence between morality and intelligence,\" the American psychologist said. \"We can argue that both were 'intelligent' and 'creative' in their own ways. But while Gandhi was the most important human being in the last 1,000 years, Osama ended up doing dastardly things,\" he said.Gardner, a professor of cognitive psychology at Harvard Graduate School of Education and author of the theory of multiple intelligences, continued by giving examples from the Wall Street crisis and Iraq war to show that it is more important how intelligence is used than the possession of intelligence itself.He said public movements, like the one led by Anna Hazare in India and the Occupy Wall Street protest in the US, are quite Gandhian in nature. \"That is why I say, in a positive way, that Gandhi belongs to the world and not India,\" he said. On multiple intelligence, Gardner said the mind should be seen as a set of relatively independent computers rather than a big single computer. \"Most people have a fairly jagged profile. Good in some skills, bad in others,\" he said. \"Education systems try to cover too much and this leads to students forgetting everything three years after they are out of college,\" Gardner said. \"There is no single score for intelligence. The search for it is futile,\" he said.He cautioned parents against both positive narcissism, or telling a child to achieve one thing that he or she is best at, and negative narcissism, which involves a parent telling a child to achieve the one thing that the parent could not.Gardner said the best educators should ideally teach the most needy children. \"But that's not what happens in India and the US. The best teachers just for the rich make the gap even wider,\" he said, while dismissing any notion of gender differences in intelligence. \"You can have dramatic differences in short term due to societal conditions but, in the long run, the scores fall in line.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11634516", "title": "JD (U) opens party office in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Gearing up for the upcoming assembly elections, the Janata Dal (United) opened is South Goa office on Tuesday, after having opened its North Goa office recently. The party will announce the names of 2-4 candidates in the next few days.Addressing mediapersons, John Philip Pereira, JD(U) state president stated that the party would focus on their strengths rather than the weakness of their rivals and that unlike other national parties which had to refer every decision to its 'high command', the JD(U) state unit were empowered to take all election related decisions themselves.JD (U) general secretary, Nacinva (Baba) Naik a prominent businessman from Margao further stated that the party could serve as a platform that could attract clean candidates.Periera said the party candidate from Margao was still being finalized.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "11638275", "title": "Punjab polls: Cops ask public to take off shoes", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Rahul Gandhi may have asked for more shoes to be hurled at him in Uttarakhand - after a man threw one at him on Monday - but Punjab Police took no chances. Much before the Rahul was to address a rally here on Wednesday, policemen asked those seated closest to the dais with leather and sports shoes to either remove them or go away from the rally.Only those in sandals and regular leather shoes were allowed to keep them on, though the police had no explanation for the different rule and led to heated arguments between rally participants and the police.\"We have been requested to screen people's shoes after the Uttarakhand incident ,\" Inspector Gurpiar Singh, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11634712", "title": "Delhi police nab Bangalore serial blast suspect", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Delhi Police have taken into custody a Malayali who is an accused in a string of terror-related cases, including the serial blasts in Bangalore in July, 2008.Sources said the police picked up Muhammad Shameer alias Shameer Fagnest, hailing from Thana in Kannur, from the Delhi international airport on Wednesday.Shameer is suspected to be a member of the Jam-Iyathul Ansarul Musallimeen, an outfit formed by the Indian Mujahideen, after the crackdown by the police following the arrest of top IM leaders. His name had appeared in the list of absconding JIAM terrorists released by police in various states. Others in the list are K P Sabir (from Kannur), P P Yusuaf (Sreekantapuram), Muhammad Azhar (Thalassery), Shafeeq (Kannur) and P A Raizal (Mambaram). All of them are accused in the case related to the recruitment of Malayali youth to the terror camps in Pakistan .According to the police, it was Shameer who received the money sent by the handlers outside the country for terror operations. Sarfaraz Nawaz, who is now in judicial custody, had arranged funds through Wali, the Omani national who is the leader of the Lashkar-e-Taiba in the Gulf.The Bangalore blasts were planned and implemented by the South Indian module of the Indian Mujahideen, led by Thadiyantavide Nazeer, who was arrested from Bangladesh . The other accused in the case, including Riyaz Bhatkal, the co-founder of the IM, are still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "11634419", "title": "Reunion with kids soon for Norway NRI couple", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: The harrowing story of two Indian children taken away from their parents in Norway moved towards a happy ending on Wednesday, with the Indian and Norwegian governments closing in on a solution that upholds Norwegian laws while meeting the expectations of the parents.Dr Arunabhas Bhattacharya, the paternal uncle of the children, Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1), may be accepted as the primary caregiver if the parents nominate him, and if the 27-year-old bachelor is acceptable to the district court where an appeal is pending. Arunabhas may have to be in Norway for a while for the kids to get accustomed to him.Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya are looking forward to be with their two children eight months after Norwegian authorities put them in foster care, alleging parental neglect.Speaking to TOI from Stavanger in Norway, the couple said they were in high spirits after their lawyer told them the Norwegian child care agency had agreed to hand over their children - Abhigyan and Aishwarya - to Arunabhas, Anurup's 27-year-old brother. \"I'm happy that at last I can see the kids,\" said Sagarika. \"The agency has agreed to return them to my brother-in-law. He will come to Norway soon and stay with us and then the children will be with us. Legally, they are giving custody of the children to Arunabhas, but there isn't much difference.\" \"We will be heading for India soon after we are reunited. I don't want to stay in Norway anymore,\" she added. The Bhattacharyas have been in Norway since 2007, ever since Anurup got a job as a geoscientist. Their visa expires in March.The two have been fighting a legal battle since May 2011 when Norway's child welfare services took away their children, alleging serious neglect of parental care.It appears that Sagarika is being seen as the prime cause of concern by Norwegian authorities. According to informed sources, she appeared to be suffering from depression. In their statement, the Bhattacharyas claimed this was post partum depression which the Norwegian authorities failed to take note of. The older boy, Abhigyan, is believed to have some behavioural problems.The parents classify it as \"quasi-autism\", but sources familiar with the developments say the boy's behaviour turned for the worse in his parents' presence. Norwegian media reported that foreign minister Jonas Gahr Store took personal interest in the matter after speaking to his counterpart S M Krishna on Monday. A statement by Norway's foreign ministry stated that the two \"discussed the issue\" and that Store \"assured that the Norwegian authorities are working hard to find a solution that is in the best interests of the children\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11634756", "title": "R-Day gift: Freedom from traffic", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration has given commuters freedom from traffic on Republic Day by announcing that the sector 37 flyover would be opened on Thursday. However, the underpass at the junction will be opened in the next couple of months. There will be no official opening ceremony due to the moral code of conduct being in place for the assembly polls.Noida Authority officials said that construction has been completed and only final touches are being given to the 855m-long four-lane single carriageway. On Wednesday, a team visited the flyover to check all technical aspects. \"The team checked all arrangements, including lighting facility and curves, and gave a green signal to open the flyover,\" said an official associated with the project.Speaking to TOI, Noida Authority CEO Capt SK Dwivedi said that the flyover has become operation within the stipulated time. According to a survey conducted by the Noida Authority, nearly 6,000 vehicles used to pass this route every hour in 2006. Within six years, the figure has doubled and now over 12,500 vehicles use the route every hour. It is estimated that by 2021 the number of vehicles passing through the route would be 21,000 per hour.Commenting on opening of the underpass, CME AK Goel said, \"Within two months, when both the flyover and underpass become functional, traffic coming from Delhi via Kalindi Kunj and headed towards sectors 37, 39, 40, 41, 51, 53, 62, Indirapuram and Greater Noida will enjoy seamless flow. Those commuting from Noida to South Delhi areas like Sarita Vihar and Nehru Place via the Kalindi Kunj Bridge will also benefit.\"The sector 37 crossing is one of the busiest junctions as four major roads hosting traffic flowing in from Delhi, from Atta market, via the toll bridge or the service road, and from Kalindi Kunj converge here. Commuters have been facing a harrowing time at the busy intersection due to unending traffic jams and massive construction of the flyover and underpass.The sector 37 flyover starts from the slip road on the Kalindi Kunj side and take a right turn towards the Dadri road alongside sector 44. It also links the Mahamaya Flyover to the Dadri-Surajpur-Chalera (DSC) road leading to Greater Noida. This project is the last among seven flyovers planned for the city as part of Master Plan 2021. The project was launched before Commonwealth Games in 2010. It got delayed for months due to preparations for the Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11635885", "title": "Republic Day buzz missing at KSGA, flag sales dip", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sale of khadi flags on Republic Day and Independence Day always make records, but this year, sales at Kshetriya Shri Gandhi Ashram have come down due to internal frictions.The continuing internal divide at Kshetriya Shri Gandhi Ashram (KSGA), Amritsar zone, which covers Punjab, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Sri Nagar and Lucknow and has ten commercial outlets under its jurisdiction, has resulted in deceleration in sale of khadi flags on Republic Day.Ram Surat Yadav, former secretary, KSGA, said that in earlier years, during these days, the sale always went up to 3-4 lakhs whereas this year, the sale has slowed down to 60-70 thousands. \"Thus, more than 70% of traditional business has been hit due to strike\" he said.\"KSGA, established to provide employment opportunities to people belonging to rural areas at their doorstep, now seemed unable to provide jobs even to daily wagers, weavers and charkha spinners for the past several months due to its internal strife. Slowly and steadily, internal friction has crippled the working of KSGA, bringing down the number of workers engaged and production sharply,\" he added.Local social welfare group Aazadi ke Parwane said that on Republic Day, they used to buy khadi flags in bulk, but this year, they failed to make purchases as strike was on at KSGA.Secretary, KSGA, Amritsar zone, Balwinder Singh, said that the organization was bearing regular losses due to the workers' strike. \"Several factors such as non-availability of working capital, economic crises, shortage of raw material, business hit by Chinese goods, etc., have already brought the working of KSGA to a halt. Now, the workers' strike has added fuel to the fire,\" he lamented.Yadav said, \"This was the peak season as government gives 20% subsidy on sale of khadi in these months (October to January), but we have wasted the facility this time as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11634405", "title": "TET results declared", "text": "GUWAHATI: The result of the first-ever state conducted Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET), which was held on January 10, was declared on Wednesday by education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.Although it was earlier said that about 18,000 teachers would be selected for permanent posts and 50,000 on contract, the Gauhati high court has ordered that only 12,000 posts, both permanent and contractual, would be filled up now.Addressing the media, Sarma said, \"Actually, the total requirement of teachers is around 90,000. The high court has ordered that as of now, only 12,000 posts would be filled up at lower and upper primary level. But we would appeal to the Supreme Court for that as we feel that there is a huge requirement of teachers in the state. We are happy at the fact at least after 10 years, the high court has resumed the process of appointment of teachers.\"The total number of candidates who appeared in the examination this year is 330927. Altogether 52722 candidates cleared the test. The total number of candidates appearing in Paper 1 was 207178 and 32212 qualified. For paper 2, the total number of candidates was 123749. Out of them, only 20510 qualified.Talking about the performance of candidates in the examination, he said the average pass percentage in every district is around 10 to 20 per cent which is quite satisfactory. \"The results were satisfactory and almost all the districts have scored a pass percentage of about 10 to 20 percent which is satisfactory. This time, we hadn't made BEd compulsory, but after 2014 BEd it would be mandatory.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11639527", "title": "A walk down memory lane", "text": "It was a brief lesson in history at the staging of \"Amrita - A Sublime Love Story\" staged by the Qadir Ali Baig Theater Foundation on Tuesday night.Kick starting the play with a little introduction to \"Amrita\", writer Danish Iqbal said, \"Amrita ki kavita aur uski mohabbat sun kar aap ko bhi usse pyar ho jayega.\" Directed by MS Sathyu, the play revolved around poet/writer Amrita Pritam's life. It took the audience through her life's journey that showcased the sacrifices she made for the sake of love, like marrying Imroz, even though she loved Sahir. Though the play went on for rather long, it was much appreciated by those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633554", "title": "Trial Court not to close Bhushan CD case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court here on Wednesday refused to close the probe in the \"fake\" Shanti Bhushan CD case, saying that the Delhi Police have failed to investigate whether the motive behind the disc was to defame the member of Team Anna and \"thwart\" civil society's campaign for the Lokpal Bill or to force a Supreme Court judge to recuse himself from hearing the 2G case .\"The prosecuting agency clearly failed to investigate as to what the motive of creating such a CD. Was it to malign the complainant and in turn thwart the civil society movement on the Lokpal Bill, which he had undertaken or was it a ploy to make the Supreme court judge to recuse himself from the Bench which was hearing 2G case,\" said Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Vinod Yadav while directing the Delhi Police Special Cell to do a \"thorough investigation\" on the points raised by the court.Raising doubts about the manner in which the Investigating Officer conducted the probe, the court asked why the police did not record the voice samples of Amar Singh , Mulayam Singh Yadav and Shanti Bhushan while probing the matter.The \"fake\" CD surfaced which has Shanti Bhushan telling SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav that his son, Prashant, could fix a HC judge for a fee surfaced just when Team Anna's anti-corruption agitation was gathering momentum. The Bhushan duo said that the CD had been spliced to derail the anti-corruption stir and to force a SC judge to disengage himself from the 2G case.In its 12-page order, the court slammed the Delhi Police for limiting its scope of investigation only to the point of finding out if the CD was fabricated. \"It is not clear as to why investigating agency did not conduct any investigation towards knowing the source from where the said CD was prepared. This is not the case of the police that the said CD came from thin air. The least which was expected from the investigating agency was to have probed as to around which time this CD was prepared somewhere at some point of time,\" said the judge.Delhi Police had filed a final report in last August before the court seeking cancellation of a complaint filed by senior lawyer Shanti Bhushan against the \"forgery\". The police said there was no substantive evidence to prove the offence of forgery (doctoring of the controversial CD), as alleged by Bhushan and on the basis of \"expert opinion\", the CD was genuine. Bhushan, then, filed a protest petition challenging the closure report.Pulling up the police for not taking action despite finding the CD to be genuine, the court said, \"the settled law is that if a complaint is made to the investigating agency and it finds commission of a cognizable offence, then the matter is to be investigated thoroughly and finally and there cannot be any restraint on the power of the police limiting itself to probing only a particular offence.\"It directed the DCP special cell to get the \"thorough investigation\" done in the matter and then file a final report in the \"appropriate court of law\".The Bhushans had obtained reports from independent experts to back up their version. However, two government-owned science laboratories that examined the CD came up with a split verdict, with one of them saying that it was genuine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11634704", "title": "Homebuyers move HC against NCR planning board nod", "text": "NOIDA: With construction activities in Noida Extension still in limbo, homebuyers on Wednesday filed a petition in the Allahabad High Court to support the review petition filed by the Greater Noida Authority on the October 21 verdict. The hearing is likely to come up on February 7 when the three-judge bench addressing cases related to land acquisition hears more cases filed by farmers from villages in Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway.The Noida Extension Flat Buyers' Welfare Association (NEFBWA) has supported the contention of the Greater Noida Authority that since there has been an inordinate delay in getting clearance of the Master Plan 2021 from the NCR Planning Board, construction of houses should be allowed to resume in Noida Extension so that homebuyers get possession of their flats in time.Secretary of NEFBWA, GL Sagar, said, \"We are under the burden of housing loans and have also exhausted our savings towards booking homes. Hence, we have supported the review petition of the Greater Noida Authority.\"In both the petitions - copies of which are with TOI - it has been argued that there is no provision in the NCRPB Act, 1985 which mandates obtaining of approval of the Master Plan from the NCRPB. The Allahabad High Court in its verdict of October 21 had directed the Greater Noida Authority to get the observations and recommendations of the NCRPB incorporated into its Master Plan 2021 before resuming development activities in the region. The Greater Noida Authority had since then sent its Master Plan to the NCRPB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11635949", "title": "\u2018No one can take my reputation away\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a nasty surprise for G Madhavan Nair. Early Wednesday morning, he learnt that he and three other scientists had been blacklisted from government service. Nair, furious he had to hear such news from newspapers, went ballistic.Unleashing his fury on ISRO's chairman, K Radhakrishnan, he said: \"Before taking over as chairman of ISRO, this guy came to my house, seeking my blessings. Now, he is taking personal vengeance on us.\"By afternoon, Nair had sobered down, and was relaxed at his house in ISRO Colony, HSR Layout. He admitted he was hurt by the ban after all that he had done for the country, and added that the reputation he had earned and his service to the nation couldn't be taken away from him.\"This disciplinary action will have little impact on me; the loss is not mine but the government's,\" he said.Asked how his family had reacted, Nair was sure his wife would love the development. She had been complaining about him working too much, anyway, he smiled. \"My colleagues and fellow scientists agree that it's an unprecedented attack on the Indian scientist community and are supporting us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634754", "title": "16-year-old raped at Caranzalem, bus conductor arrested", "text": "PANAJI: A 16-year-old girl was raped in a bus by the conductor at Dona Paula on Saturday evening. Police on Tuesday registered a case of rape and arrested 22-year-old Shrikant Baranappa of Hubli.Police said the girl had gone to work at a house in Taleigao on Saturday evening, as her mother who was working as a domestic help at the house, had fallen ill. As she found the house locked she sat at a garden in Taleigao waiting for her mother's employers to return, when she met Baranappa, who was known to her.According to the girl, they are from the same village and he used to stay in her neighborhood in Goa a few years back, police said. The girl said Baranappa approached her and told her that it was unsafe to sit alone in the garden and that he would drop her home on his bike.Since she knew the man and trusted him, the girl went with him but instead of taking her home, Baranappa took her to Dona Paula, pushed her into a bus parked and then raped her, police said.Police added that Baranappa forcibly kept the girl in the bus throughout the night and only allowed her to go in the morning after threatening her that if she told anyone about the incident, he would trace her and kill her. Frightened, the victim, instead of going home to her parents, went to her grandparents' home in Hubli, police said.She was then convinced to return to Goa and narrated the incident to her mother and on Tuesday the mother lodged a complaint. We registered a rape case and the accused was arrested from Caranzalem, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11637639", "title": "London 2012 Olympics Games ethics commissioner quits", "text": "LONDON: Sustainability Commissioner to the London 2012 Olympics , Meredith Alexander, has quit in protest of the sponsorship deal with Dow Chemical Company for its connection to the Bhopal gas disaster.Alexander was appointed by Mayor of London Boris Johnson to monitor the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (LOCOG).Alexander, head of trade and corporates at the charity Action Aid told the Commission for a Sustainable London 2012 that she could no longer remain in the unpaid post given LOCOG's refusal to end the association.She was one of 13 commissioners.\"I don't want to be party to a defence of Dow Chemicals , the company responsible for one of the worst corporate human rights violations in my generation. It is appalling that 27 years on, the site has still not been cleaned up and thousands upon thousands of people are still suffering.\"I believe people should be free to enjoy London 2012 without this toxic legacy on their conscience,\" she said.Welcoming Alexander's resignation, Amnesty International said the London 2012 Olympic organisers must admit their mistake in awarding the lucrative seven million pound contract to the Dow Chemical Company.Dow Chemical owns US-based Union Carbide Corporation (UCC), the company that held a majority share in the Indian subsidiary that owned and operated the UCC plant responsible for the 1984 gas leak disaster, which killed thousands of people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11635226", "title": "Hotels to provide details of politicians\u2019 stay to I-T dept", "text": "KANPUR: To keep a check on the illegal inflow of money by various candidates, the district election authorities have now started zeroing-in on hoteliers and restaurant owners to sensitise them to maintain a ledger on the expenditure incurred by politicians during campaigning.The ECI has been keeping a strict vigil on the use of black money in the UP assembly elections. The income tax department, on the other hand, has been seizing illegal cash being pumped in on behalf of political parties.The department has now come down heavy on the hotel owners of the district, instructing them to provide details of the stay of political leaders in their hotels or lodges. During the election period, political leaders of different political parties visit the cities and hold campaigns and rallies. These political leaders stay at hotels and their bills are borne either by the political parties or the candidate contesting the election.To keep an account of this expenditure, the income tax department wants the co-operation of hotel owners.Deputy district election official SK Singh said: \"We want to know how much amount is being spent by the political parties or their candidates in making a senior political leader stay at a particular hotel. As the candidate contesting election would not declare the money spent in accommodation, we will seek help of hotel owners. In fact, we have asked the hotel owners to provide us with these details and they have agreed.\"He said the identity of the hotels providing details would be kept a secret.The income tax officials held a meeting with the hotel owners recently in which this decision was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634406", "title": "15 Delhiites grace Padma list, tricolour skier on top of world", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's haul at the Padma awards is smaller this year with 15 awardees - one Padma Vibhushan, two Padma Bhushans and 12 Padma Shris.A Padma Shri was awarded posthumously to homeopath Dr Jugal Kishore who passed away recently. Former governor of West Bengal, Arunachal Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, and current honorary advisor of Observer Research Foundation, T V Rajeswar, was conferred the Padma Vibhushan for his contribution to the civil services.A man of few words, Rajeswar said, \"I am quite happy. I never expected the award.\" He has no special plans for a celebration, but says his family was elated about the award.Artist and painter Jatin Das has, along with filmmaker Mira Nair , been awarded the Padma Bhushan. He was pleasantly surprised, but observed that there are many in the country who deserve this award. \"There are many creative and learned people in our country who should be recognized every day,\" he said. Das was informed in the morning by the ministry when he was at his studio.Awarded the Padma Shri this year, Geeta Dharmarajan, the founder of Katha, said the award is \"for Katha, for my colleagues and for the children. It's theirs more than mine.\" What began as a magazine and grew into a publishing house and a chain of schools will be turning 25 in 2013. \"One of my colleagues heard about this and told me. We are all going to have sweets now,\" she said.The other new Padma Shris are Joy Michael (art-theatre), Laila Tyebji of Dastkar (art-handicrafts), Uma Tuli of Amar Jyoti and Reeta Devi (social work), Pravin H Parekh (public affairs), Krishna Lal Chadha and Virander Singh Chauhan (science and engineering) Ajeet Bajaj (sports-skiing) and Prof. Ravi Chaturvedi (sports-commentary), Priya Paul (trade and industry) and late Dr Jugal Kishore (medicine-homeopathy).Chauhan was in the gym when a colleague called to inform him. The internet spoilt the suspense - \"the fun of getting up looking for your name in the paper is gone,\" he says - but the announcement also came as a \"relief.\" Chauhan, director of International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, has been in the reckoning for the award for a while. His lab is on the forefront of malaria vaccine development as well as diagnostic work on tuberculosis. \"I have also been secretary for the Rhodes scholarship and have done a lot of work in human resources. I guess all of that came together,\" he says.Ajeet Bajaj, who has hoisted the tricolour in remote areas of the planet and skied to the North Pole and South Pole in one year, felt he was \"on top of the world\" again. \"There's no challenge too big for an Indian,\" he says, calling himself a \"proud Indian\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634030", "title": "Nagpur Ladies Circle reaches out to city school", "text": "NAGPUR: The members of Nagpur Ladies Circle ( NLS), a social organization, showcased their charitable hearts by contributing to make the annual function of Jiwan Shikshan Vidyalaya successful. The event took place Wednesday on the school premises.The students put in great efforts in making various models. It was heartening to see the underprivileged children participating in the event with enthusiasm. NLC did their bit by funding the prizes to the winners of various competitions.\"Our students are extremely poor and belong to the slums. We need the support of organizations like NLC to help them be a part of the new world,\" said the school principal Madhubala Khole.\"The government doe not support the institution at all. It is because of these people that the organization is able to flourish,\" said MS Kadu, academic in-charge, Jiwan Shikshan Vidyalaya.A teacher Chhaya Kulsange said that this competition has helped deprived students evolve. \"They are young kids full of enthusiasm to learn something new. The idea of winning a cash prize has enthralled them,\" she added.\"The competition has generated my interest in science. I am very happy about winning the cash prize and will give it to my parents,\" said Kalpana Mishra, a student.\"It was a great show and involved enormous efforts by the teachers. We feel glad in helping these kids in some way or the other. NLC has also decided to help deserving students by giving them scholarships. We are also going to renovate the toilets of the school,\" said NLC chairperson Divya Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11635146", "title": "'We deserve better infrastructure'", "text": "NASHIK: Garbage, a dry river, an incomplete stadium and lack of gardens are the main features of Devlaligaon, say residents, who feel they deserve better infrastructure.The enclosed wrestling ground has been under construction since the past three years. Before construction started, the place was used for dumping garbage and as an open toilet. A few days before the annual wrestling competition, the area used to be cleaned up. Now that the enclosed stadium has come up, residents hope that the area will be cleaner, but rue that the project is taking too long to be completed.Sitting corporator Suryakant Lavate ( Shiv Sena ) of ward 96 (now ward 60), admitted that the Rs 1.5 crore project has yet to be completed, but says that the work will be done within a fortnight. He admitted that people still defecate in the stadium in the evening. About the piles of garbage, he said, \"The garbage vans do come regularly and we have also provided public dustbins. We have instructed people to dump waste only in the bins. For a few days, it was followed, but people have once again started dumping garbage in the open.\"A vegetable market has also been planned. Around 140 shops will be set up against the wall of the stadium, said Lavate. The Rs 3.5 crore project was approved at the general body meeting of the Nashik Municipal Corporation three months back. \"The traditional athavde bazar (weekly market) will be shifted here,\" said Lavate.Residents have also complained about the poorly maintained public toilets. \"They did repair it once, but the work was very shoddy and everything is back to square one. Most of the time, we have to carry water from our house,\" said Ameena Begum, a resident. Lavate said, \"All the public toilets in the entire Nashik Road area have been handed over to a contractor for maintenance. The toilets are in bad shape and I had written to the health officer about this. We did get it repaired, but as long as the contractor is getting the money from the government, why should he (the contractor) be bothered to do good work? The NMC has allowed the contractor to charge Rs 15 per family (now it is Rs 20), but they charge anywhere between Rs 40-50.\"The Waldevi river that flows through the ward is almost dry and garbage has been dumped in the river at several locations. \"There is hardly any water in the river, which is covered with water hyacinth. A boating club was proposed, but there has been no movement in this regard,\" said Hemraj Patil, a local. The corporator conceded that drainage water being let into the river is a problem. \"There are problems in the drainage line and water from the artillery centre is released hers,\" said Lavate, adding that the underground drainage work has not been satisfactory. \"All the drainage water from Sundarnagar nullah, Rokdobawadi and Jaibhavani Road is released here, in addition to that from the slums. I have written to the municipal commissioner as well as several MPs and MLAs, but nothing has been done about it. I have tried to educate people about the problem of mosquitoes and have been able to control the situation considerably. From the MLA's fund, I have also constructed a Rs 25 lakh-canal behind the cemetery,\" said Lavate.Residents have also said that there are very few gardens in the area. Lavate, however, claims that he has got a lot of trees planted. He added that a lot of land has been reserved for gardens, which he will construct if he is re-elected. The Devlaligaon-Vihitgaon road expansion plan has also been in limbo for several years. The corporator blamed the NMC for the project being delayed, as it has only sent reminders to the encroachers to vacate the place, but no further action has been taken.that lot of land has been reserved for gardens which he will construct if he is re-elected. The road expansion from Devlaligaon to Vihitgaon is also pending since years; the corporator blamed the NMC saying that they just gave reminders to the encroachers to vacate the place but have done nothing about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11635263", "title": "Exposure to radiation doesn't cause cancer always: Experts", "text": "SURAT: Experts of Nuclear Power Corporation of India (NPCIL) and Tata Memorial Centre, Mumbai said that every exposure to radiation doesn't necessarily cause cancer and that a limited amount of it in fact helps save human life.Experts from these two institutes put forth their arguments on the basis of studies done at 'Scientific Meet on Radiation and Cancer' held on Tuesday at Kakrapar in the city.Professor of radiation oncology, Tata Memorial Hospital, Dr Siddarth Laskar, said, \"Cancer can occur due to a number of reasons and exposure to radiation is just one of them. There is no evidence to prove at present that people exposed to radiation regularly suffer from cancer.\"He gave the example of Chernobyl disaster of 1986 to say that exposure to radiation caused 31 deaths initially but after that no life was lost. Cases of thyroid cancer have shown an increase but they are not resulting in death.Dr Laskar also cited some interesting facts from the study conducted on 17700 uranium mine workers in Canada . They are found to be keeping better health than general population of Canada.Dr SK Jain, chief medical superintendent, NPCIL, gave an analysis of a study conducted by the organization for a period of 15 years between 1995 and 2010 on the health of its workers and employees. He said, \"The study results show that employees working in close proximity to radiation are not prone to any higher rate of occurrence of the disease, especially cancer than general public.\"According to NPCIL's scientific studies, average natural rate of cancer among Indian public is 98.5 per lakh where as that of NPCIL employees it is 54.05 per lakh. Average death rate due to cancer among public is 68 per lakh where as that of NPCIL employees it is 29.05 per lakh.HR Bhat, chief engineer, NPCIL, said, \"Nuclear power plants don't add to natural radiation existing around these plants. Natural radiation originates from 'panchatatva' namely sky, water, air, sun and earth and it is present around us but doesn't harm human bodies.\"This radiation is measured by Indian Environment Radiation Monitoring Network ( IERMON) system of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (Barc).G Nageswara Rao, director operations, NCPIL, said, \"After Fukushima incident that happened last year, all the NPCIL plants and new projects were subjected to a safety review by experts, with reference to beyond design basis natural events and were found to be safe.\"NPCIL at present operates 20 reactors with a capacity of 4780MWc and six more with capacity of 4800 MWc are under construction.NPCIL, Kakarapar director LK Jain, said, \"Our aim is to break the myth about nuclear power plants and radiation. We need to remove apprehension among people about them and the safety measures adopted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "11634004", "title": "Former MLA Rajendra Narain Sharma dead", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: Political leaders, educationists and social activists of Samastipur mourned freedom fighter and former MLA Rajendra Narain Sharma (90). Sharma who hailed from Bhore Jairam village under Khanpur block in Samastipur district, breathed his last in Patna after a brief illness on Wednesday morning.His body was brought here and later taken to his native village. A large number of people paid floral tributes to the late Sharma. A condolence meeting was also held at Samastipur College. Secretary of the college's Teachers' Association S N Tiwary, Prabhat Kumar, R N Thakur and other teachers said that late Rajendra Narain Sharma was a true son of Bihar who fought for social justice. MPs Ashwamedh Devi, Maheshwar Hazari, former minister Ramnath Thakur and several other legislators also mourned Rajendra Narain Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11636974", "title": "India observes 63rd Republic Day, to display military might", "text": "NEW DELHI: A strong and resurgent India is celebrating its 63rd Republic Day on Thursday. This year's parade will highlight the nation's achievements in various fields alongwith the military prowess, scintillating display of air power as also country's rich and diverse cultural heritage.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Thursday paid a solemn tribute to soldiers who have sacrificed their lives for the nation by laying a wreath at the Amar Jawan Jyoti at India Gate.Prior to the start of the 63rd Republic Day parade showcasing India's military might and cultural diversity, Manmohan Singh drove to the tomb of the unknown soldier -- marked by a reversed rifle, standing on its barrel and crested by a soldier's helmet.After the prime minister laid the floral wreath, the guard commander gave salute and buglers played the \"Last Post\" -- rendered at military funerals and ceremonies commemorating those who have died in war.Along with everyone, Manmohan Singh observed a two-minute silence.The highlight of this year's Parade will be the 3,000 kms range Agni-IV missile. The intermediate range surface-to-surface ballistic missile mounted on a road mobile launcher is being paraded by the Defence Research and Development Organisation.The weaponry put on display by the Indian Army includes the T-72 tank, Carrier Mortar Tracked, SMERCH Multiple Launch Rocket System, Pinaka Multi Barrel Rocket System, Full Width Mine Plough, NBC Water Purification Systems and Jammer Station VHF/UHF. The Army's Mechanized Columns will conclude with a flypast by the Advanced Light Helicopter Dhruv of the Army Aviation Corps.The Indian Air Force will display its latest acquisition, the C-130-J Super Hercules tactical aircaft, which makes its debut at the Republic Day Parade, with three of the six aircraft acquired from the US participating in the flypast. The Indian Navy's tableau also glosses over its newly acquired capabilities.The parade will be commanded by Lt. General Vijay Kumar Pillai, General Officer Commanding, Delhi Area. Major General Rajbir Singh, Chief of Staff, Delhi Area will be the parade Second-in-Command.The marching contingents of Army will include the horse-mounted columns of the 61st Cavalry, Parachute Regiment, Bengal Engineer Group and Centre, Brigade of the Guards, Kumaon Regiment, Assam Regiment to name a few, along with contigents of paramilitary and other auxiliary civil forces of the Border Security Force, Assam Rifles, Coast Guard, Central Reserve Police Force, Central Industrial Security Force and National Cadet Corps.The marching contingents of Navy comprising 144 men will be led by Lt. Commander Manikandan K. and the Air Force contingent comprising 144 men will be led by Flight Lieutenant Sneha Shekhawatthe first woman ever to lead an IAF contingent at the Parade.Tableaux from 23 states and Central Ministries and Departments will present the varied historical, architectural and cultural heritage of the country. They will also showcase country's progress in different fields. Nineteen of the 24 children selected for the National Bravery Award - 2009 will also participate in the parade. Five children have got the award posthumously.In the children's pageant section, 1,200 boys and girls drawn from Delhi's two schools, - KendriyaVidyalaya, Sector-2, RK Puram and Government Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya, Hastsal, Delhi, besides regional cultural zones, - South Zone Cultural Centre, Thajavur, East Zone Cultural Centre, Kolkata and North Central Zone Cultural Centre, Madhya Pradesh will present dances and other programmes.Janbaz, the motorcycle display by the Border Security Force will be a major attraction of the parade consisting of 154 riders on 30 motorcycles under the leadership of Inspector Amit Kumar. They will perform breathtaking stunts in a synchronised and synergetic display of mind, body and machine coordination.The grand finale of the parade will be a spectacular flypast by the IAF. The flypast will be led by a Vic formation of three Mi-35 helicopters, followed by the three Super Hercules again in a Vic formation. Trailing them will be one IL-78, flanked by two AN-32 and two Dornier, in a Big Boy formation.The breathtaking Trishul formation comprising three Su-30 MKI would fly over the Rajpath.The ceremony will culminate with the National Anthem and release of balloons.(with inputs from Agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai/ nashik", "code": "11635163", "title": "Police, officials identify 337 'sensitive' areas", "text": "MUMBAI/ NASHIK: Deputy commissioner of police (zone 1) Sahebrao Patil further said that two back-to-back incidences of vehicles being set on fire took place in the city and the police were held responsible for the law and order. He also said that if someone is setting vehicles on fire over personal feuds then the police are helpless.Other senior police officials, who were not willing to come on record, said that such reports and developments (commissioner going on leave) are bringing down the morale of police officials and employees.District collector P Velrasu said he had no idea that Nashik is considered to be the second most sensitive district after Gadchiroli. \"I do not know about it,\" he said, adding that the police in the district have been asked to take appropriate measures at appropriate time to ensure free and fair elections.Civic officials declined to comment on the issue and said the matter concerned the police force.Meanwhile, a security review meeting was conducted at the Niyojan Bhawan on Wednesday. All tehsildars, sub-divisional officers, deputy collectors from revenue department as well as all the police inspectors, sub-divisional police officers and deputy and additional superintendents of police and the superintendent of police were present at the meeting chaired by collector P Velrasu.The police and the revenue officials in their separate assessment had identified 530 sensitive areas in the district, excluding the Nashik city, but at the meeting the figure was reduced to 337.An official from the collectorate said that the sensitivity in case of elections was defined by among other factors the contestants from the areas and the political strength of the respective parties in the areas.Both the departments therefore, decided to work in tandem to get the exact number of sensitive areas-which would be deduced shortly, as there are several cases on which decisions have to be taken by the police heads of the respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635523", "title": "Director to bypass censor board, release film on Kashmir online today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Oscar nominated director Ashvin Kumar whose previous films ran into controversy with the Censor Board has chosen to release his latest film Inshallah Kashmir: Living Terror online on the 63rd Republic Day.The film that raises the issue of human rights violations in Kashmir is based on interviews of over 50 people who have been victims of terror.The 82-minute film will be available online for 24 hours. Accusing the Censor Board of acting as a \"moral conscience of society'' the filmmaker said he wanted to challenge the manner in which the Board had become a \"Soviet style censorship body.''\"The film contains shocking, heart-wrenching stories of the effects of brutality and terror by Indian armed forces and militants alike. Its prequel Inshallah, Football was given an adult certificate by the Censor Board. Another film of mine Dazed In Doon (based on life in Doon School) was forbidden for screening, exhibition or distribution by a Dehradun court. So I have decided to bypass the censor board and release my film online for a day tomorrow,\" Kumar said.He says he has not approached the Censor Board for his latest movie, which was culled from the footage filmed while researching and making Inshallah, Football.\"My aim is to make the film into a case study on censorship in India. If the board okays it, it's fantastic. Else, we will put it online and seek viewers' opinion on the film. Last option is DVDs, which is the case with Inshallah, Football, and, of course, the Internet,\" says Kumar, who was nominated for an Oscar in the Live Action Short Films category for his film Little Terrorist in 2005.One does not need the Censor Board's approval for releasing films online in India. Cyberlaw expert Pavan Duggal said that while Kumar would break no law by putting an original piece of work online, authorities could take action if they felt that the content uploaded was inflammatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11640616", "title": "Poonam Pandey greets PMO on Twitter in a bikini", "text": "NEW DELHI: She has always found innovative ways to grab eyeballs. Last year she tried to get the Indian cricket team to perform better by offering to strip if they won the World Cup. While Dhoni's men fulfiled their mission, she did not make good her promise.Now with the Indian cricket team turning out one dismal performance after another in Australia, Ms Pandey has no time for Team India. This time, the Mumbai-based model and reality TV star has aimed for the high corridors of power welcoming the freshest on Twitter - the official @PMOIndia account for the Prime Minister's Office. The PMO had sent out its first tweet on Monday.\"#iHeard that @PMOIndia is on Twitter. Does he knows (sic) that @iPoonamPandey is on Twitter too...so a welcoming pic'\" she tweeted Tuesday evening, attaching a picture of her in a white bikini with it. Even after getting over 50 retweets, Pandey was nowhere close to done. She followed it up with another tweet later last afternoon with a picture of her in a dress holding a small flag of India. \"#RepublicDayPIC Tweethearts!! Sharing a (sic) old pic...2 years back! Perfect welcome @PMOIndia\".The response, a mixture of mild amusement and light-hearted encouragement, also had those with a funny bone complaining of her being overdressed in the pictures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634602", "title": "Victoria's loyalists now flex muscles", "text": "PANAJI: The St Cruz block Congress Committee on Wednesday threatened to resign en masse if the Congress denied a ticket to sitting MLA Victoria Fernandes or her son Rudolf Fernandes, for the St Cruz constituency seat.Speaking to media persons, committee vice-president Prakash Naik claimed that chief minister Digambar Kamat and Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar have not taken the committee into confidence while deciding the ticket.\"We demanded that the Congress ticket should be given to Mummy (Victoria) or Rudolf, otherwise over 2500 committee members will resign from the Congress\" he addedHe also said that they will not support any other candidate other than the two. \"We have the capacity to elect Victoria or Rudolf as a independent candidate, and who will be the next candidate we will announce shortly\" added NaikHe also said that \"from media reports, we have come to know that Taleigao MLA Antanasio (Babush) Monserrate is likely to get St Cruz congress ticket but we want only local candidate in St Cruz.\"Naik said that the builder lobby is behind Babush.\"Out of 26,000 voters, can the Congress not find a single candidate in St Cruz that they have to import him from other constituencies\" questioned Agnel Oliveira, member of the committeeChhaya Naik, zilla panchayat member said the women of St Cruz are with 'Mummy' and if the Congress denied her a ticket, the party will be weakened.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11634451", "title": "Big battle for Manipur's bread basket", "text": "A trip to Kakching can be an eye-opener of sorts for all those who believe that the Northeast has no work culture. Known as the bread basket of Manipur, every family in this constituency of farmers is educated, and everyone here, including professors and officers, works the field. Kakching first introduced irrigation for farming in Manipur in the 17th century and the state's first irrigation project, the eight-km Ethai Maru canal, has since ensured that the farmers here reap three crops a year.Situated in Thoubal district, Kakching has traditionally witnessed a two-horse race between the Congress and the CPI even though the two parties are coalition partners in the Secular Progressive Front (SPF) government for the last ten years. This time, Congress' sitting MLA and former IAS officer Yengkhom Surchandra Singh is pitted against CPI trade union leader Naorem Achouba.Though the rivals have different styles of campaigning, neither has left any stone unturned to convince the educated voters of Kakching. The Left party knows that Congress is the clear favourite here - all 12 seats in Kakching Municipal Council have been won by Congress under Surchandra's leadership.So CPI's has its task cut out. Achou might just sail through if, along with a sizable number of votes from proper Kakching, he can convince residents of surrounding villages like Irengband, Sora, Bijoynagar and Pallel to support him. Voters in these villagers demand progress and they have always been the deciding factor.At a door-to-door campaign in Pallel, Achouba did not criticise his rival, but articulated the need to improve healthcare facilities in the area. \"We urgently need more specialist doctors at Kakching government hospital. As things stand, the hospital only has MBBS doctors and we have to take seriously ill patients to Imphal,\" he said. Achouba has also promised to launch projects to promote sports and turn Kakching into a marketing hub.Being a former IAS officer, Surchandra knows where the government funds are. He has black-topped all lanes of Kakching and the roads here are much better than those in Imphal. He has also built one of the best gardens in Manipur at Uyokching in Kakching, in turn attracting a large number of tourists.\"I launched a project to construct pucca retaining walls for the Ethai Maru canal to prevent encroachment. Today, the water flows freely in the canal and is not only used by Kakching farmers, but also by residents of Pallel and personnel of Assam Rifles for their daily needs,\" Surchandra said. The Congress MLA said that he also started six other river irrigation projects for Kakching during his tenure, two of which are already functioning.Surchandra said his next task will be to upgrade the World War II airstrip constructed by the British at Kakching into a viable airport. \"Today, Manipur heavily depends on air travel and we have only one airport in Imphal. If we can develop the Kakching airstrip, it can be useful for the entire state,\" he said.Even though Surchandra's campaign has been adversely affected by the militant threat to Congress workers, most people on Kakching town are confident that he will win another term here. \"Surchandra will win by biggest ever margin this time. No other MLA has brought so much development to Kakching,\" said Rameshwor Singh, a resident of Kakching town.In Pallel, however, a different view prevails. \"Surchandra brought projects to Kakching town, but he ignored the surrounding villages. If he thinks he can win this election by securing votes from just the town, he is in for a surprise,\" said Udhob Singh, a CPI supporter.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11635903", "title": "Students do their bit to scrub city clean", "text": "Cleanliness, one of the most important things required to remain healthy, is diminishing in aamchi Mumbai. \"But it's not right to blame the government for everything. We voted for them, so the fault is partly ours,\" said Pramathesh Pathak, a resident of Tardeo. Schools and colleges have started doing their bit to improve the civic conditions of Mumbai, one of the dirtiest cities in the world.On Wednesday, for instance, around 300 students from 20 schools took part in a Mithi Clean-up Drive under the green school curriculum, organised by the Don Bosco green environment forum and Jal Biradari, a national water brotherhood.Sakshi Rawte, a Class VIII student at Gopi Birla Memorial School, who was part of a drive to clean up Girgaun Chowpatty, said a city's reputation depends on whether it is clean or not. No one would like to live in a dirty city; it is not something any place would like to achieve \"fame\" for. Dinesh Sajnani, a student of HR College of Commerce and Economics and cybermedia director, Rotaract Club, said, \"Cleanliness is one of the most important things for survival.\"Two years ago, students from five schools, Hiranandani Foundation, Gopal Sharma Memorial School, Beacon High School, Navy Children School and Utpal Shanghvi School, in association with the Children's Movement for Civic Awareness, came together and cleared litter caused during festivals.Other schools such as Gundecha Education Academy take up unique activities like tree-planting and dustbin-making workshops. Shreya Bhuwania, a participant, said, \"I believe that cleanliness provides nourishment to the mind, the soul and purifies the conscience.\"Since cleanliness begins at home, Mumbaikars could use three dustbins, for dry, wet and recyclable waste. The government must educate people about the dangers of spitting and the spreading of diseases such as TB. Policemen could ensure vendors keep their surroundings clean.It is in the classroom that children can be taught about civic issues. In turn, they can then urge their parents to observe the same principles.Ananya Kar &amp; Amey Kamdar | YOUNG EDITORS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11634350", "title": "Padma Vibhushan, not Bharat Ratna for Bhupen", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state has erupted with anger over Bhupen Hazarika being conferred the second highest civilian honour, Padma Vibhushan and not the highest, Bharat Ratna award. The demand to honour Hazarika with the Bharat Ratna was raised by the state legislative assembly and millions of people across the state after his death in November, 2011.The President on Wednesday approved the conferment of the 2012 Padma Vibhushan award to Hazarika for art-vocal music. There is no Bharat Ratna awardee this year.State government spokesman and parliamentary affairs minister, Nilamoni Sen Deka, who had moved the government resolution recommending the cultural icon's name to the Centre for the nation's highest civilian award in the assembly in December said, \"Our efforts to get the Centre to honour Bhupen Hazarika with the Bharat Ratna award will continue. The chief minister will carry on pursuing the Centre.\"The Asom Gana Parishad even raised the Bharat Ratna demand in the Parliament. Its Rajya sabha member, Kumar Deepak Das said, \"Bhupen Hazarika has long been given the Padma Awards (Padma Shree and Padma Bhushan). He was most deserving for Bharat Ratna but Assam has been deprived again.\"All Assam Students Union (AASU) also expressed shock at this injustice. AASU advisor, Samujjal Bhattacharya said, \"There could not have been more humiliation for Assam and the northeast. We protest the Centre's decision. The demand to confer the highest honour to Bhupen da was heard by the entire world but not by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Bhupen da did not receive the award in his lifetime and now he is being denied the honour even after his death. In fact, the award itself is being deprived of its dignity by not being conferred to Bhupen Hazarika.\"But, for Bhupen da's companion and renowned film maker, Kalpana Lajmi, the Padma Vibhushan is no less an honour. \"Please, let us not belittle the Padma Vibhushan. It is the second highest civilian honour in the country and very few people receive this honour. Bhupen da in his lifetime never manipulated nor lobbied for any kind of award or honour. However, had this honour come earlier, he might have lived a little longer,\" she said.The legend's sister-in-law, Manisha Hazarika, who had accompanied him to many award ceremonies, is also surprised. \"The Padma Vibhushan is valueless for someone who deserved the Bharat Ratna. The Padma Vibhushan seems like a consolation for the people of Assam. But, Bhupen never ran after awards and honours. I have never seen him get excited for an award nor have I seen him upset for not receiving one,\" Manisha said.The icon of the state received the Padma Shree in 1977 for his outstanding contribution to the field of culture while the Padma Bhushan was given to him in 2001. In 1987, he received the Sangeet Natak Akademi award while he was honoured with the Dadasaheb Phalke award for lifetime contribution to development of Indian cinema in 1993. He also got the National Film award for best music direction in Assamese-hit Chameli Memsaab in 1975.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11637800", "title": "Murugadoss plans his next Hindi remake", "text": "He remade his 2005 Tamil blockbuster into Hindi two years later and that went on to become one of the biggest action hits in Bollywood.Ghajini director AR Murugadoss has once again decided to recreate one of his other Tamil creations for the Hindi cinema industry. This time, it will be the recently released Engaeyum Eppothum co-produced by AR Murugadoss and Fox Star Studios.Filmmaker Murugadoss confirmed the news and told Mumbai Mirror, \"Engaeyum Eppothum's reception has proved that content is always the hero. The support and encouragement of audiences for my 1st production venture has motivated me to continue with such new in the future.\"The film, which has completed 130 days at the box office so far has already grossed over Rs 25 crore. And now, the success of the film has led the producers to decide on remaking it in Hindi, starring leading actors of Bollywood.When contacted, Vijay Singh , CEO of Fox Star Studios said, \"We are extremely glad that our first Tamil production has received such widespread appreciation. The film's success has encouraged us further to make meaningful cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11633742", "title": "Airport's new terminal to be operational from Jan 30", "text": "INDORE: After nearly six months of wait, the new terminal of Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport will go functional without any formal inauguration. First take off and landing trial will be conducted on January 26 and the new terminal will be fully operational from January 30.Airports Authority of India (AAI) received a communication from the ministry of civil aviation on Tuesday asking them to make the new terminal functional without further waiting for an inaugural function. It was further communicated to Indore Airport.Airport director RN Shinde said that a trial will be conducted on January 26 wherein an airbus 9W2018 of Jet Airways coming from New Delhi will land at the airport at 3.30 am and it will later take off for Pune at 3.55 am. The entire process will be supervised and analyzed to check for any technical problems. In case if any technical glitches occur during the trial, it will be sorted out in the next few days and the new terminal will be fully operational by the end of the month.Airport officials have also asked all the airlines to shift their office to the new terminal. However, till now, no decision was taken regarding the utility and use of the old building.Recently, two MPs from the city Sumitra Mahajan ( Bharatiya Janata Party ) and Sajjan Singh Verma (Congress) had written to the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and Union Ministry of Civil Aviation requesting them to initiate steps for making the new terminal operational soon.The new terminal was first supposed to be inaugurated on August 15 last year. Later, the inauguration date was postponed to September 1 on the occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi but was delayed. In the last week of November, former Union civil aviation minister Vayalar Ravi had given three dates in December (17, 24 and 27) on which he could be available for the inauguration. The dates were approved by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan as well. But in the Union Cabinet reshuffle, Ravi lost the portfolio to Ajit Singh.The new terminal at the Indore airport is spread over 18,000 square metre and has been constructed at a cost of Rs 135 crore with a capacity to handle 500 domestic and 200 international passengers at a time. Sources said Indore airport may get international flight from this year. Flight services for Singapore, Dubai and Malaysia is expected to start from city this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634201", "title": "Liquor worth Rs 4.5 lakh seized", "text": "PANAJI: The state excise officials seized liquor worth 4.5 lakh from a godown in Cumbharjua on Tuesday.Excise officials raided the godown at 4pm and seized 1,000 cartons of assorted whisky and beer. In all, 3,615 bulk litres of liquor was confiscated. A case of unauthorized storage has been registered.Salcete excise officials seized five cartons of brandy and whisky on Wednesday. The 43.5 bulk litres of liquor were handed over to excise officials by the railway police. Sources said the liquor was intercepted while being taken outside the state.In another case, excise officials on Wednesday raided a fast food centre in Benaulim at 2.30pm and seized 20 cartons of liquor worth 45,000. A case of illegal sale and possession has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635528", "title": "\u2018Connections\u2019 clicked while norms took a backseat in NRHM", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday visited the office of Registrar of Chit Fund Companies and Societies in Lucknow to collect details of the companies which have been awarded different contracts under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). With the change of guard at the government level, Bhukesh sprang back to his feet and was soon reinstated on July 9, 2008, after the Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) came to power. It was the principal secretary of the ministry that covered UPJN who helped him out. A year later, he was appointed as the director of C&DS; - UPJN.Bhukesh's was very well connected with D K Singh, the convener of Nehru Yuva Kendra in Lucknow who has been untraceable since the night before the CBI raided his house and office on January 4, 2012. Suspended from his post on Wednesday, D K Singh has been missing along with his wife and daughter.There were reports that he appeared before the CBI in Delhi a day after the raids, but the agency did not officially confirm his availability to the investigators till January 6. Singh is believed to have bagged a few contracts through companies dealing in real estate and civil construction work which were in the name of his wife and daughter. Sources said sleuths collected details of some chit fund companies which had come into the picture while tracing the antecedents of companies which were awarded contracts under the NRHM. The sleuths have also collected details of some other chit fund companies, the sister concerns of which too had bagged the NRHM contracts. The sleuths have been collecting details related to the structure of such chit fund companies; their balance sheets confirm their investments and business in the previous years apart from the names and addresses of board members and other clients of the company with which they had entered into business earlier. The agency has already gathered details of more than half-a-dozen business entities which were awarded contracts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634583", "title": "In Sanvordem, BJP gets stronger", "text": "PANAJI: A former Congress candidate from Sanvordem constituency and prominent social worker, Ganesh Gaonkar, on Wednesday joined the Bharatiya Janata Party.Gaonkar told the media after his formal induction into the party by state president Laxmikant Parsekar, that he had joined the party unconditionally and without any assurance of getting a party ticket from Sanvordem for the next assembly elections.Gaonkar said that even though he was always engaged in social work, people persuaded him to work under the banner of a political party. Asked about the sitting Sanvordem MLA and his performance, Gaonkar without naming Anil Salgaocar, questioned how many minutes Salgaocar had spoken on the constituency's problems in the legislative assembly.\"Forget about days or months, just tell me how many minutes he has spoken of our problems in the assembly,\" Gaonkar said.Gaonkar, who contested on a Congress ticket from Sanvordem in 1999, listed unemployment, water shortage, poor electricity supply and poor roads as some of the problems in Sanvordem. \"Tell me what problems are not there in Sanvordem,\" Gaonkar demanded rhetorically, but assured to solve all problems within six months if the BJP came to power.Vishnu Wagh, another recent Congress-to-BJP convert said that Sanvordem constituency had no sports stadium, no health centre and no college. \"If the BJP comes to power, it will strive to bring all these facilities to the constituency,\" Wagh said.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "moirang", "code": "11634476", "title": "Calm Moirang readies for battle between Cong &amp; NCP", "text": "MOIRANG: It was in this historic town in Bishnupur district, about 43 km from Imphal, and surrounded by the beautiful Loktak Lake, that commanders of Japanese troops and their allies chalked out strategies for World War II and the Allied Force. Today, Moirang is preparing for another battle, to choose its representative to the state assembly on January 28. And the two contestants, who have locked horns are a young Congress legislature and also an MBA, Mairembam Prithiviraj, and P Sharatchandra Singh, an IAS officer, who retired as principal secretary. He is contesting on an NCP ticket.Prithiviraj is the nephew of late M Koireng, the first elected chief minister of Manipur, a freedom fighter (INA) and a veteran political leader. So even as campaigning was on in full swing on Monday, the state remembered Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on his 115th birth anniversary at the Indian National Army (INA) memorial complex here. Colonel Saukat Hayat Malik, commander of the Bahadur Group, had on April 14, 1944, for the first time unfurled the INA Azad Hind Fauz flag at Moirang.After Prithiviraj's father's death, he contested the by-election for the Moirang seat in 2008 and won in a straight fight. Mairembam Manindra, his father, was a sitting MLA of the ruling Congress.Moirang is a peaceful constituency with 33430 voters, occasionally disturbed by grenade and gun attacks on opposition candidates, particularly, Congress nominees. Though Prithiviraj and Sharat have both hurled allegations at each other for triggering violence, Moirang is essentially calm compared to other valley turfs.\"The development work that I initiated here during my tenure will stand me in good stead. I am confident of winning,\" said the young Congress candidate.Sharat, who has also promised all-round development for the constituency, came down heavily on the Congress. \"Democracy has failed in Manipur. Bringing good governance is my promise for which I have joined politics and I am now contesting.\"Sharat wants to focus on three key areas: human resource development, basic needs and infrastructure. He lambasted the recent action of the state government to clean the Loktak Lake, which saw a large number of floating huts built on Phumdis (floating biomass) being destroyed. \"The government acted in a hurry. Proper rehabilitation and resettlement packages should be given to the fishermen living in the floating huts. After all, they were making a living through fishing,\" he said.The NCP is a member of the newly-formed People's Democratic Front, a non-Congress pre-poll alliance of five parties. The other four parties of the front, that have fielded candidate in 43 constituencies, include the regional Manipur People's Party, CPI (M), JD (U) and RJD.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11633815", "title": "Mobile court van service launched", "text": "ALLAHABAD: 'Mobile court van service' has been launched in UP for the first time. The mobile court van is specially manufactured to provide legal services to people at large at their door steps in the state.On the direction of executive chairman of State Legal Services Authority and senior Allahabad High Court judge Amitava Lala, the mobile court van has been provided with a court-room, litigants' space, library etc.The van will reach Allahabad on January 26, and thereafter, it will reach Magh Mela area. Here, it will spread awareness about benefits of lok adalats and other out-of-court dispute redressal systems for some days. The mobile court van will reach Allahabad High Court premises on February 1. Here, it will be available for display to the judges and judicial officers of the court.The mobile court will also make people aware about the constitution of lok adalats and the nature of cases which can be filed and decided in such courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11637805", "title": "Militants explode bomb in Imphal on Republic Day", "text": "IMPHAL: Suspected militants exploded a powerful bomb amid tight security in the capital complex in Imphal on the Republic Day on Thursday, but no casualty was reported.The bomb went off at about 9 am near Shamashakhi School area, police said.The militants also exploded two powerful bombs in Kakwa area in Imphal West district on Wednesday night, but none was injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11635145", "title": "Solapur psychiatrist says he treated Mane for 'psychosis'", "text": "PUNE: Solapur-based psychiatrist Dilip Burte on Wednesday said he had treated MSRTC driver Santosh Mane for \" psychosis\" around one-and-a-half to two years ago. Burte said his preliminary observations were that Mane showed \"symptoms of schizophrenia and mania\".Speaking to TOI from Solapur, Burte said, \"Mane's relatives had brought him to me around one-and-a-half to two years ago. After talking to his relatives andHis examination had revealed he showed occasional symptoms of irrelevant talk, excess talk and disturbed sleep. I prescribed medicines and asked him to consult me again after a month. However, he did not return. My preliminary observations were symptoms of schizophrenia and mania.\"Burte said he has Mane's case paper record but that it would take him some time to locate it.Mane's brother Janak, who spoke to reporters at their native village Kavthali in Uttar Solapur taluka of Solapur, claimed Mane started showing symptoms of \"mental imbalance\" a few years ago after his first wife died of heart attack and he suffered a head injury.However, MSRTC officials and the city police said Mane was physically and mentally fit. The MSRTC officials also denied having any information about Mane's medical history.\"If at all he had a medical history, he never told us. We are not aware of or have any reports about his medical treatment,\" said V S Divte, senior ST depot manager at Swargate.Divte said Mane had taken the pre-recruitment medical test. \"However, he did not take any test after that,\" he said.Divte said, \"Mane's previous record has remained fairly good. No complaints have been registered with us as far his duty timings or sincerity at work is concerned. He would remain present on duty shifts at the stipulated timings. There have been no incidents where Mane insisted that he wanted to go on any particular trip. We also do not have any complaints against him from other staff, including drivers and conductors, at the Swargate depot.\"Janak said Mane had twice offered to resignfrom the job. \"He had told the ST officials he should not be given long-distance trips as he had a mental problem, But his superiors neither accepted his resignation nor his request. Fed up with this, he did not go to work for some days. However, he resumed work as he was pressurized to join again,\" he said.Janak claimed on Tuesday, before his brother was told to drive to Gangapur, he again approached the officials with a requested to the officials. \"This is a result of extreme mental pressure,\" he alleged.\"We did not get any resignation letter from Mane. Also, he had never said he would be unavailable for any shift. He never told us he did not want to go on long trips,\" Divte said.Earlier in the day, inspector Dattatreya Sonawane of the Solapur taluka police station visited Kavthali to verify Mane's identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634874", "title": "Bogus billing: Raids on 7 firms in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat commercial tax department has cracked down on rampant bogus billing by raiding seven firms in Kalupur, Maninagar and Shahibaug areas of the city.Officials had received intelligence that these traders were availing lakhs of rupees in credit of input tax by giving bogus bills to the department. The raids, which began on Tuesday afternoon, continued until late Wednesday evening.Officials said city-based traders Babulal Duggad and his sons Manoj and Vinod and private financer Prakash Shroff had allegedly masterminded the scam. Officials said the Duggads were generating bogus bills in the name of fictitious companies in Rajasthan and taking tax credit in Gujarat.\"They would procure agro and other products without bills from shops in the city and instead submit purchase bills of firms based in Rajasthan to evade tax and avail bogus credits. We are finding out how much bogus tax credit has been availed by the Duggads but as the number of bills is high the operation went on for two days,\" said a senior commercial tax official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11636055", "title": "'Regular VC must for crucial decisions'", "text": "HYDERABAD: There are many issues concerning the English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) which can be effectively addressed only in the presence of a regular vice chancellor. While a search committee has been constituted to appoint a regular VC, decisions such as approvals for construction of hostel buildings are pending.Speaking to mediapersons here on Wednesday, professor R Amritavalli, vice chancellor in-charge of Eflu maintained that the academic functions of the university were not affected but did admit that the university was facing a space crunch and a regular VC was needed for such administrative reasons. New hostel buildings need to be constructed and to take such decisions, a regular vice chancellor's presence is vital.Officials at Eflu said that the varsity had acquired some land in Pochampally and was now planning to start a new campus there to solve the space issue. Apart from this, the management maintained that there were no other problems.Professor Amritavalli said, \"HRD minister of state D Purandeswari has constituted a search committee, I hope they appoint a regular vice chancellor soon.\"The vice chancellor in-charge said that the university administration is trying to facilitate better interaction between students and the management. \"We are felicitating the students and recognizing their potential. We are also planning to form teacher-student committees,\" she said.The university will also offer new courses, once approved by the academic council. Although the UGC had directed Eflu to discontinue research programmes such as M Phil and PhD in the distance mode, the management said that they are trying to restart these programmes.The university has also recently set up Centres for English Language Training (CELTs) in Sri Lanka, Cambodia, Laos , Myanmar and Vietnam . The university also launched 14 publications. The books included a collection of poems by N Gopi translated into Russian, critical editions of English classics edited by faculty members at Eflu and a tri-lingual dictionary and journals.While management painted a rosy picture, there were rumblings of protests among the student community who questioned recent appointments in executive council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11635485", "title": "Gilani\u2019s U-turn : Army, ISI memo remark not \u2018illegal\u2019", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's PM Yousaf Raza Gilani retracted from his earlier stand that the replies submitted by the army and ISI chiefs in the apex court about the alleged memo controversy were unconstitutional and illegal.Before heading for Davos on Wednesday for the World Economic Forum, Gilani said that his statement about the ISI and army chiefs' responses to the court being 'unconstitutional and illegal' were given in a particular situation. \"And that situation is now clear,\" he said.\"I want to dispel the impression that the military leadership acted unconstitutionally or violated rules. Those statements were given in a particular context and it does not hold any importance now. There was a clash between state institutions at that time, but now there isn't,\" Gilani said. Gilani's U-turn appeared to be a bid to defuse tensions between civilian leaders and the military and came a day after a high-level meeting with the military to discuss a possible trilateral summit on the future of Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11639411", "title": "Allu Sirish's Tamil debut", "text": "Allu Sirish the younger son of producer Allu Aravind, has gone in for a complete makeover and is all set to make his debut in films.According to the reliable sources, Sirish is doing a Tamil film and has been on a strict diet for the last few months to get the right look for his role. The film may start in March and the official confirmation is likely to be made shortly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11633642", "title": "Tribal treat for city residents", "text": "CUTTACK: The helpline started by the Board of Secondary Education (BSE) for students appearing for the matriculation examination has evoked good response. It receives around 50 calls on an average everyday from examinees and same number of emails.The counsellors said they are receiving calls on different issues like revision tips and ways to deal with examination tension. \"The response to the helpline has been very positive,\" said Satyakam Mishra, the board's president. The helpline facility had been launched by the board on January 13.A panel of 20 experienced teachers answers the queries at two designated timings - 11am to 2 pm and 3pm to 4pm. Students can also email their queries to admin@bseorissa.in. or can also call at 0671- 2414721.The counsellors said most students were calling to clear their doubts on Mathematics and English. \"It seems Mathematics and English are giving a tough time to students. Atleast 70% of the phone calls are based on both these subjects,\" one of the counselors said.Not only students, even parents and teachers are also calling the helpline. The number of calls is expected to rise once the admit cards are issued. The examination is scheduled to start from March 19 and go on till March 31. \"We have started the helpline facility two months before the exam for the benefit of students. The examinees will get enough time to clear their doubts from our panel of experts,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11641296", "title": "Arunachal Governor miffed over 'bandh culture'", "text": "Itanagar: Expressing concern over the prevalent tendency to call 'bandhs' in the state, Arunachal Pradesh Governor Gen J J Singh today exhorted people to come out in open against such culture for all-round development of the state.Unfurling the national tri-colour on the occasion of 63rd Republic Day at Indira Gandhi Park here this morning, the Governor cautioned that the state government would not tolerate such culture in future and would deal with all such activities with a stern hand.\"Violent and forcible bandhs have no place in a democracy and by no definition can they be considered as democratic means of protest. They can never be a replacement for dialogue and negotiations,\" Gen Singh said.Referring to the incidents of extortion by rebel outfits in troubled Tirap and Changlang districts of the state, the Governor said the developmental package announced by the Centre for the districts recently would have an \"exemplary effect on the insurgency situation\" in both the districts.\"The package will not only cater for exhaustive strengthening of the existing police set-up but also for recruitment of almost 2,000 youth in the civil police from these two districts,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635879", "title": "Tunnel transit", "text": "NEW DELHI: A century-old tunnel, legacy of the British, is all set to change the face of the Old Delhi railway station. Eclipsed by the New Delhi and Nizamuddin stations, this heritage building will once again rise to prominence with the refurbishing of this 70-metre-long tunnel. Ten months from now, moving within the maze of platforms will be a breeze. Commuters will no longer have to navigate through the crowded overbridges.The CPRO, Northern Railway, S K Sharma, said till last month, the tunnel was used to carry goods, a practice followed since the construction of this heritage building. \"We have now built dedicated pathways for movement of heavy luggage and parcels. The tunnel will ease the rush on the overbridges by accommodating part of the over 3 lakh passengers coming to the station every day. We will provide lifts at each platform for the convenience of passengers. This will bring down reliance on porters,\" he said.Senior divisional engineer Rakesh Chaudhry said the tunnel runs right under the tower clock on the main entrance-the SP Mukherjee Marg. \"We plan to install a powerful lift that will take the passengers down to the tunnel. The present lift, used to haul goods, will be transformed for passenger use. We plan to construct a flight of stairs on the ISBT side of the station that will lead to the tunnel,\" said Rakesh.Sources said they are yet to ascertain the cost of the project as the final plan awaits nod from the Railway Board. \"There are three major issues to be dealt with. First, there is lack of proper lighting inside the tunnel. Further, there are ventilation and seepage problems to handle. The engineers are on the job. We hope to meet the deadline and complete the work in ten months,\" said an officer.Once ready, the passengers will be led to the tunnel with the help of proper signage. Working on the tunnel with a width of 3.14 metres and a height of 2.10 metres will be a challenging task, claimed an officer. The railways has also chalked out a new traffic plan for the main entrance on S P Mukherjee Marg to facilitate movement inside the tunnel. All vehicles will be given direct access to the station after turning right from the Red Fort side. Earlier cars and other private vehicles had to take a U-turn and cover a considerable distance before being allowed entry to the station. \"We will create new lanes for such vehicles. Most of the vehicular movement will now be inside the station premises,\" said Rakesh. The main entrance has also been given a facelift. \"The columns in the facade of the building are glossy and smooth after being coated with granite. The main concourse hall has been spruced up using granite cladding,\" said Ashwini Lohani, DRM (Delhi).Two parking lots have been built to accommodate 200 cars. A separate lane has been made for taxis after dismantling decrepit structures near the MCD night shelter. \"We have done our best to keep the area around the night shelter clean,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11634445", "title": "Woman poses as OSD in PMO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police, which is planning to submit a chargesheet in the fake pilot scam next month, have found themselves grappling with a unique problem. They have arrested a 51-year-old woman who posed as an OSD to the Prime Minister and asked the DGCA director general to meet a pilot whose licence had been revoked by the DGCA.The accused has been identified as Sumangali Francina Esther Charles alias Suman Singh. It was she who had called up the director general of civil aviation, Bharat Bhushan, after introducing herself as an OSD to the Prime Minister, and \"asked\" him to meet a pilot whose licence had been revoked by DGCA after he had fraudulently converted his US licence to CPL.Though the pilot in question is not an accused in the fake pilot scam, cops claim they have evidence to prove Suman was being contacted by pilots in the scam to put in a good word for them for a hefty fee.\"Suman called Bhushan on December 20 and asked him to give an appointment to one pilot, Captain Amar Singh . Bhushan met Amar in his office on December 21 and found he had been debarred from flying on account of suspected fraud in obtaining his licence, which he had obtained overseas. Suspecting something amiss, Bhushan checked with the PMO and found that there was no such OSD or any official by the name of Suman. He then contacted Suman on her cellphone and she asked him to come to the PMO to meet her. But on when he informed her that there was no OSD by her name working in the PMO, she disconnected the call and did not respond further. Bhusan then lodged a complaint with the anti-extortion cell, which is investigating the fake pilot case,\" said Sandeep Goel, joint CP (crime).The crime branch arrested Suman from Terminal 3 of the IGI Airport on Tuesday while she was returning from Hyderabad. She had allegedly made the calls to Bhushan from Chennai and the cellphone she had used to call Bhushan has also been seized.Cops have now asked Amar, a resident of Mumbai, to co-operate in the probe. \"We have asked the DGCA to provide us with Amar Singh's files by January 27. We found that his licence was revoked in November 2011 for the next five years. We will ask him if he had paid Suman to call Bhushan,\" said a senior investigator.Further investigations revealed that Suman was earlier arrested by the crime branch in a similar case in 2003. Additional DCP Ravi Shankar said she had then posed as the additional private secretary to the deputy prime minister and had called the commissioner of customs for a personal favour. Later, she jumped bail during trial and was declared an absconder in October 2011.In April last year, Suman was arrested by the Central Crime Station, Hyderabad, in a cheating case on the complaint of one Mohammed Kaisar. In that case, she had posed as Officer on Special Duty (OSD) in the Prime Minister's Office and cheated him to a tune of Rs. 50 lakh by convincing him that she could help him in getting Rs. 40 crore compensation released to him in an evacuee custodian land. Kaisar was pursuing the Kandhishika lands owned by his forefathers, as the custodian. Suman convinced him that she was an OSD and even showed him a visiting card to that effect. She collected Rs 50 lakh in cash from Kaisar in the month of April, 2011. She was to further get another Rs 1 crore later. In another case, Suman was again arrested in 2011 by Hyderabad Police for cheating one Mohammed Khaleel of Rs.10 lakhs by promising to settle a land dispute, by using her influence, posing as OSD to Prime Minister.Born in Hyderabad, her father was working as driving Instructor in Road Transport Corporation. After completing her B.Com from Reddy's Women College, Hyderabad, she came to Delhi and tried to join politics. She married one Charles Ravi Chandran in 1987 but later in 1990 got divorced. In 2002, she married one Jagmohan, a Delhi based transporter. As she was used to a lavish lifestyle, she started duping innocent people by impersonating herself as an IAS officer and OSD in PMO. She used to collect money from gullible people by promising them jobs and settling pending works and disputes by talking to senior government officers.Suman reportedly used a car with a red beacon in Hyderabad, in the past, with 'Government of India written on the number plate and sporting the tri-colour. She even reportedly attended some programmes as chief guest in the capacity of a senior government official, conning the public. To give no scope of doubt, she reportedly carried a visiting card with a national emblem, like other senior central government officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11634684", "title": "Co-op society flat owners fail to register flats", "text": "NOIDA: Owners of flats in housing cooperative societies have failed to register their premises individually as per the current circle rates as ordered by the Supreme Court even after being given six months to comply with it. Even as the stipulated time ended on Wednesday, the stamp department said that 3,000 such flat owners still haven't registered their flats.The members of such societies in Noida had earlier argued that they had purchased land at their own cost and, after paying stamp duty, the flats were developed and allotted to society members. As a result, the sub-lease does not make any sense. However, the Noida Authority and UP Stamps and Registration Department said that absence of sub-lease of societies is leading to revenue loss. The registration amount itself varies from area to area as circle rates are higher in posh areas.As the deadline has passed, the owners of the houses are going to face strict action from the Noida Authority. \"We will meet on Thursday and take stock of all those individual house owners who haven't registered their flats in spite of the Supreme Court order. We will take strict penal action against them,\" said Capt SK Dwivedi, CEO of Noida Authority.According to the stamp department officials, \"there are 150 societies in Gautam Budh Nagar district and a significant chunk of flat owners haven't registered their flats as yet.\" \"There are three sub-registrar offices in Noida and nearly 1,000 individual flat owners. Around 3,000 multiple registry owners have not registered their properties with the department,\" the official informed.Officials said that the societies registered under Indian Societies Registration Act had to pay 5 per cent duty while the societies that fall under UP Cooperative Housing Society are only charged 2.5 per cent duty. The circle rates of each sector in Noida have been uploaded on the Gautam Budh Nagar district official website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11633408", "title": "Congress manufactured Rushdie row for gains in UP polls, says ally Trinamool Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress on Wednesday accused Congress of manufacturing a controversy over Salman Rushdie and hyping the \"Muslim quota\" for gains in UP polls, saying the ally's plan would backfire.Sultan Ahmed , minister of state in UPA-II and Mamata Banerjee's pointperson for UP, said Congress deliberately allowed the row over Rushdie visit to fester. \"If Congress wanted to stop Rushdie, it could have done it earlier. It was hyped and then he was stopped. It was unnecessary,\" he said.Although Ahmed said Muslims' strong sentiments about Rushdie should be respected, his castigation of the senior ally can further strain the tense Congress-TMC equations.He dismissed Congress's Muslim outreach on the strength of job quota as a gimmick. \"The 4.5% Muslim quota is a cruel joke on the community and would backfire,\" he told TOI, a day before visiting Lucknow to announce Trinamool candidates for UP polls.The outburst, by an ally echoing the allegations of rivals BJP, SP and BSP, may be godsend for the opposition eager to dent the Congress attempt to sway Muslims. The minority quota is already a poll issue, while ``black farce\" over Rushdie at Jaipur Literature Festival is seen to placate the pro-ban hardliners, who influence the community's political mood.It came amid fast worsening ties between Congress and TMC, with workers of the two parties battling on Kolkata streets on issues as diverse as renaming of Indira Bhawan and paddy procurement.While TMC's decision to contest in UP is not a threat to Congress, the latter is sure to be riled by yet another attempt by the volatile Bengal ally to position itself as a challenger. Ahmed said TMC's forays outside Bengal were only an attempt to expand the party base.\"Congress has 22 MLAs and is out of power for 22 years in UP. How can our contesting here be seen as aimed at Congress?\" he asked, if only to claim that the lead UPA player was a non-issue in the state despite Rahul Gandhi leading the charge.The Union minister said TMC's bid in state polls should not be seen as attempt to destabilize the Centre. \"We don't want to be marginalized, that's all. You know the Congress's game of use and throw.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633965", "title": "3 depts record higher tax receipts", "text": "PATNA: The registration, excise and transport departments have registered an increase of 35.94%, 36.85% and 20% respectively in their revenue collection till December 11, 2011 in current fiscal as compared to the same period in previous financial year. This came to the fore during a review meeting presided by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Wednesday.During the review of registration department, its principal secretary Amir Subhani told Modi that the revenue collection till December 10, 2010 in 2010-11 was Rs762.42 crore, while in the current financial year till December 11, 2011, the collection had reached Rs1,036.41 crore - an increase of 35.94%. He assured Modi that the target of Rs1,600 crore would be achieved by the end of the current financial year.Transport department secretary R K Mahajan told the deputy CM that the department has collected Rs392 crore till December 11, 2011, recording an increase of 20% compared to last financial year. Officials said till December 11, 2011, Rs1,166.08 crore was collected. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11638372", "title": "Nitish govt taking Bihar on the path of development : Governor", "text": "PATNA: Bihar governor Devanand Konwar pledged the Nitish Kumar government would take the state on the development trajectory with thrust on strengthening the infrastructural facilities, electricity, agriculture and ensuring development with justice.Unfurling national tricolour on the occasion of 63rd Republic day at national function at the historic Gandhi Maidan here, Konwar dwelt on various remarkable measures taken by the state government in the fields of agriculture, irrigation, energy, education, health and environment.The governor said the state government had taken crucial steps for better facilities for people and maintaining communal harmony and amity.Konwar once again reiterated the Kumar government's zero-tolerance on corruption and appealed to the people to help assist in the efforts for making Bihar a developed state.Konwar said the state had taken steps for survey of land and settlement through modern mechanism by enacting a legislation called Bihar Special Survey and Settlement Bill 2011.He said the state government enacted a special legislation Right to Service Act bringing under its purview 40 public utility services against 18 proposed earlier.Governor said to rein in corruption effectively, Lokayukta bill 2011 was passed by the state legislature bringing people's representatives from the 'Mukhiya' (village head) level to the chief minister under its purview.Even the properties of public servants accumulated through corrupt means and disproportionate to their known sources of income are being confiscated by way of strict implementation of Bihar Special Coourt Act 2009, Konwar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635618", "title": "\u2018Mulayam Singh Yadav guilty in scam\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hitting out at the 'unprecedented' corruption during the BSP regime, Union minister for steel Shri Prakash Jaiswal said that the investigations into NRHM graft have traced the shady deals to the previous government of Mulayam Singh Yadav as well... \" It was he who began the inning and Maya only took over at a later stage therefore the Samajwadi Party supremo is equally guilty of siphoning off public funds and will not be able to walk away unscathed, the minister said while addressing a press conference on Wednesday.Both Mulayam and Maya, the minister charged, have created a record which will not have another parallel. BSP ministers and MLAs became millionaire during the regime while the common man stood plundered by those he chose. Out of the allotted funds under the NRHM, 75% went to feather the nest of BSP leaders and bureaucrats and only 25% percolated down to the masses, he said, adding that UPA government had sent more than 60,000 crore to UP during the BSP rule and going by the track record, only one-fourth of the fund must have reached the beneficiaries. Taking a dig at the UP government, Jaiswal said it was running on half the strength because 50% of its ministers and MLAs have been dropped by Mayawati under various charges. The BSP, he said, was living on borrowed time and it would make a final exit in March.Assembly election in UP this time is nothing short of a revolution, he said. Public has high expectations and would not settle for second best. Therefore, all opponents of the Congress party, he said, were already out of race. BSP and SP don't have the face to show it to the voters due to their shady past and BJP is in a pathetic condition, he added. \"The saffron party is more like a circus show where the clowns hit and pull each others' legs. In BJP, leaders are calling each other names, one calls another an outsider, another rules out the CM's chair to his colleague and everyone is generally bashing their imported neta,\" he mocked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11634335", "title": "One run over by school bus", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city police and the traffic department were hugely embarrassed on Wednesday when locals of Jonali area here mocked officials of the two departments by throwing money at them. The public outburst came after a school bus ran over one Anup Kumer Das (35), killing him on the spot, and injured another person at the Jonali traffic point where no traffic policemen were present to check the flow of vehicles at that point of time.Charging the city's traffic police of corruption and negligence, the angry mob torched the traffic booth and virtually blocked R G Baruah Road. However, the police and the traffic department cited lack of manpower in the department as an excuse for no one being present at the crossing.The incident took place around 9.30am when a school bus of the city-based Sudarshan Public School (earlier Disneyland School), carrying schoolchildren, was coming from the Ganeshguri side and ran over Anup, who was on his two-wheeler and coming out of a bylane near the Jonali traffic point. However, no school students were injured in the accident.Anup, a sculptor who hailed from Barpeta, died on the spot. His head got crushed though he was wearing a helmet. His family took away his body after the post-mortem.The bus also hit a private vehicle owned by one Manabendra Kalita and injured a bicycle rider, Swapan Kumer Sarkar (38). Swapan's left leg was fractured and he is undergoing medical treatment at GMCH. \"I was going towards Panjabari when the bus suddenly rammed into the right side of my car. I got saved somehow but it ran over the bike rider,\" said Kalita who did not sustain any major injuries.Dilip Pathak, who witnessed the accident, said, \"We tried to catch the driver of the bus, but he fled. Though we informed the police, they reached the spot some 45 minutes later. Agitated with the gross negligence, the irate public torched the traffic booth.\"\"Later, the police came with riot control vehicles. That's why we threw money on their faces. We have seen the police taking bribes from traffic violaters. But when it comes to checking reckless driving, they do nothing,\" alleged an agitator.The city police, who are yet to nab the driver, said there was noone manning the traffic point due to inadequate manpower in the traffic department. \"With less man power in the traffic department, it's difficult to deploy policemen at every traffic point,\" said city SP Apurba Jiban Baruah.The traffic police here had registered 41,338 cases of violations in 2009, which went up to 1,26,186 in 2011. Between 2006 and 2010, 787 lives were lost and 2,289 others were injured in 2,237 accidents here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11634379", "title": "Murder accused seeks discharge from case", "text": "GUWAHATI: After the Delhi high court acquitted Congress leader Ripun Bora of the corruption charges leveled by the CBI against him for allegedly influencing the investigation of the Daniel Topno murder case by bribing a CBI officer, Bora on Wednesday filed an application to the session court here seeking his discharge from the murder case.On June 3, 2008, the CBI had arrested Bora in Delhi, while he was allegedly offering a bribe to a CBI officer to \"negotiate\" on the probe into the Topno murder case; Bora was the prime suspect in the case. Topno, who contested the 1996 assembly elections against Bora from Gohpur assembly seat in Assam, was murdered by goons on September 27, 2000.Topno's family had alleged that Bora masterminded his killing. The CBI was handed over the investigation of the murder case in 2001 after Assam police could not make any headway.Senior advocate Niloy Dutta, assisted by advocates Angshuman Bora and Niran Bora, argued on behalf of the Congress leader. \"We have filed a discharge petition and appealed to the court to acquit our client. The Delhi high court judgment proved that the CBI has charged him on the basis of presumptions. They have no concrete evidence,\" said Niran Bora.Earlier, Ripun Bora, when he was produced in the court, said he was a victim of political conspiracy.The additional district and sessions court fixed February 4 as the next date of the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "11642356", "title": "Chhattisgarh governor faints while delivering Republic Day speech in Raipur", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattigarh Governor Shekhar Dutt suddenly took ill and almost fainted while addressing a Republic Day ceremony here this morning.However, he later completed his speech. According to officials, his condition is normal now.Dutt felt discomfort during his speech after unfurling the tri-colour at the Parade ground.One of his aides and Additional Director General of Police Ram Niwas prevented him from collapsing on the stage and helped him sit on a chair.A team of doctors reached the stage and gave primary treatment to Dutt.Dutt completed his speech sitting on the chair itself after regaining his composure. He also apologised to the gathering for the delay in the proceedings.The Governor also participated in the medal distribution ceremony.Later, he was taken to the Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar hospital. According to officials, doctors at the hospital checked Dutt thoroughly and have declared his condition as normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11633641", "title": "President\u2019s medal for ADGP", "text": "HUBLI: Additional Director General of Police and secretary to Home department Raghavendra Auradker has been selected for this year'sPresident's Medal for meritorious work.The honour comes for his outstanding performance as IGP of Northern range and Commissioner ofPolice Hubli-Dharwad.An engineering graduate Raghavendra Auradker hails from Bidar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634870", "title": "Historians recommend retention of significant signages at Bhadra fort", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To make restoration of Bhadra Fort and its surroundings more meaningful, historians from Khadia Itihas Samiti - an organization upholding the cause of conservation of heritage of Walled City since last two decades, have come forward with a set of recommendations. The restoration work at the fort is to start from today, on the occasion of Republic Day.Itihas Samiti members submitted their recommendations to Bhavesh Mehta, visiting faculty at Cept and restoration architect linked with the Bhadra Fort restoration project. Mehta said, \"We are mulling to involve historians, residents, pedestrians in the restoration of the fort. The European model of consultative restoration is the best approach to conserve historically sensitive live monuments like this.\" Mehta has worked in Europe for 14 years and has worked in conservation of Belgium's Brugge - UNESCO world heritage city and has restored various heritage structures in Mechelen town in Belgium .Ashutosh Bhatt, founder and secretary of Khadia Itihas Samiti, says, \"There are several significant signages at the fort which form a vital link with the history of Ahmedabad. These include the caved hole (gokhalo) where there is a constant flame (akhand divo) - a sign that has kept the Laxmi mythology alive, shrine of Kotwal Ahmed Basheer near Bhadrakali temple and marble plate on the fort installed during Maratha rule which states that daughters are a heir to father's property - such small but vital signages must be carefully retained and incorporated with the new design.\"For authentic restoration of the live monument which is not a museum but live document of centuries and is part of the memories of millions of city dwellers, there is a need of consultative conservation approach, advised Munindra Joshi, former assistant director of State Archaeology department and member of Khadia Itihas Samiti.The Samiti has also proposed to install the history of fort stating that the first agreement between Jahangir and British representatives to set up a colony at Surat actually took place at Bhadra Fort. In times of Peshwa rulers, execution of capital punishments used to take place at the Fort. \"There are historical references which are documented in various books. And installations with brief historical details also must be put up after concluding the conservation project of the fort,\" said Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634198", "title": "Malaria loses sting, +ve cases drop by 50%", "text": "MUMBAI: While tuberculosis has been the talk of the town all this while, another scourge, malaria, has seen a significant dip.According to data collected by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), malaria positivity decreased by half in 2011 as compared to the year before.In 2009, more than 44 thousand Mumbaikars tested positive for malaria, while 198 succumbed to the disease. The number of positive cases increased to 76,755 in 2010 and 145 Mumbaikars died due to the disease.\"In 2011, we were able to curtail the disease. Between January and December, there were 39,822 positives and 64 deaths,\" said additional municipal commissioner (health) Manisha Mhaiskar.Last year, the BMC launched an anti-malaria battle following a spurt in cases in 2010. Apart from door-to-door surveillance, the BMC identified vulnerable areas which were then tackled at the ward level. The BMC also came down hard on construction sites, which were found to be the prime breeding sites for mosquitoes.This year, the BMC has already started working on a two-pronged system to control the disease. \"We are concentrating on vector and parasite control. In the first half of January, samples of 58,000 construction-site workers across Mumbai were tested. Of these, 237 tested positive and are being treated accordingly,\" Mhaiskar said.Overall, a total of 1,000 Mumbaikars have tested positive for Malaria this year.Last year, the number was 3,900 for the whole month. \"Positivity rates have decreased drastically. From a positivity rate of 5.5% in 2010, it came down to 2.5% in 2011,\" she said.The BMC has decided to talk to all housing societies across the city. \"Malaria in slum areas is more or less under control. But we are going to talk to 30 thousand-odd housing societies before the start of monsoon this year and tell them the stagnant water acts as a breeding site for mosquitoes. It is this part of the city that now needs sensitization,\" said Mhaiskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11633743", "title": "Acting VC charged with irregularities in DAVV automation project", "text": "INDORE: Along with the cases of district administration, a unique case relating to irregularities in automation project of the Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidyalaya (DAVV) came up before the Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta on Wednesday.A complaint was filed against the officiating vice chancellor Rajkamal under whom the project started in the year 2006, while he was officiating VC.The complainant Tej Prakash Rane alleged that the then acting vice chancellor Rajkamal directed for release of payment worth Rs 30 lakh to software giant, Wipro, for automating varsity's administrative work- making it 'paperless'. However, the project could not be completed even after five years, now.According to the complaint, Rajkamal on the advice of few professors approved purchase of equipments, computers and furniture besides, paying to Wipro for software development. But, even after passage of five years, none of the modules is in use at present.Rane alleged irregularities in the bidding process stating that a feasibility study for the project was also not undertaken.According to the prescribed norms, the software developer has to take care of the maintenance part of the software on completion of project for the next three years. However, the complainant has alleged that there is no description about the same.The server is non-functional and the developer has put the project in cold storage and above all, the varsity officials are not serious towards take action against the firm.In September last year, former vice chancellor, PK Mishra, along with executive council members had agreed to implement the long-pending automation project in the next six months. But four months later the project is yet to take its first step.Officiating vice chancellor, Rajkamal, when contacted told TOI, \"This is conspiracy hatched by a few people. I will reply, when Lokayukta summons me, he added.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11628368", "title": "Shah Rukh won\u2019t romance Katrina?", "text": "The unthinkable is finally happening or so we assumed. In a casting coup of sorts, when Yash Chopra announced SRK-Katrina as his next leading couple, rumour mongers started speculating the 'side-effects' of this volatile pairing.Until recently, when zoOm quizzed SRK about acting with Katrina, and he had a shocking revelation. Instead of answering questions about Kat, all he said was, \"It's Yash Chopra's directorial venture, Anushka is my leading lady.\" He avoided talking about the other lovely lady in the film and brushed the questions off. Well, SRK's 'No Comment' only gets us more curious... And you can't blame us for it!For more Bollywood news and gossip, keep watching Planet Bollywood News every night at 7, only on zoOm - India's No 1 Bollywood channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11635098", "title": "Punjab polls: Dalit self-pride holds key in fertile Doaba", "text": "JALANDHAR: Hummer wich aounde putt chamaran de (chamar kids arrive in Hummer), panga na le chamara de nal (don't get into a fight with chamars), Ravidassan di chandi (Ravidasis are doing great) and fighter chamar are some of the songs which the fertile Doaba region in Punjab is grooving to as it goes to polls next week. Until not so long ago, it was yaari jattan di, tu jatt di pasand and jatt di daang, songs which became popular even outside the state.It's not that the mighty Jatts (Jat Sikhs) have stopped singing and dancing. Just that Doaba, where Punjab's 29% Dalit community swells to 35%, is witnessing a social churning like never before, with the dalits asserting themselves socially, culturally and even politically. Punjab has one the highest dalit population in the country.It's perhaps appropriate that in a state which loves to sing and dance, the assertion is manifesting in music, says dalit folk singer Kulwant Kajla. ''You will be surprised to know that the demand for such songs is not just restricted to Doaba and Punjab but also abroad,'' he says, adding that he will soon come out with his own chamar album.Kajla, whose song param sant Ravidasa was a chartbuster, should know. Kajla was one of the few singers who helped introduced dalit machismo in Punjabi songs in 2008-09 to counter Jat Sikhs. \"Some people had reservations initially but soon they joined us when they realized that there was nothing to be ashamed of in being a dalit,'' he adds. It's not uncommon now to spot vehicles, especially two-wheelers, with stickers saying putt chamaran da.Kajla is a follower of Jalandhar-based Dera Sachkhand which claims to have millions of followers spread all across the globe. In the UK alone, it is said to have 26 Ravidasa temples. Its guru is none other than Sant Niranjan Dass who was attacked by a group of extremist Sikhs, allegedly Jat, in Vienna in 2009. Another guru, Sant Ramanand, was killed in the attack, though. It was this attack in the Austrian capital which laid the foundation for dalits seeking a more assertive cultural and political identity. In just a few months music became the most powerful tool to galvanize the youths who responded by abandoning the Guru Granth Sahib, the Sikh holy book. The movement gained further momentum in 2010 when Sant Niranjan Dass announced a new holy book for Ravidasis called Amrit Bani.Doaba also accounts for the maximum number of NRIs from Punjab who helped their family members in the region by sending them money regularly. It is also not uncommon to see dalits living in mansions and driving luxury cars.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11634392", "title": "London Olympics: Ethics official quits over Dow-Games link", "text": "LONDON: A top local government official on Wednesday resigned to protest Dow Chemical's association with the 2012 London Olympics. The company's involvement in the games has led to protests due to its links with Union Carbide, the company involved in the 1984 Bhopal gas leak that killed around 15,000 people and injured half a million.Meredith Alexander, the ethics commissioner in London mayor Boris Johnson's cabinet, said she has resigned as she does not want to be party to Dow Chemical's defence. \"The company (is) responsible for one of the worst corporate human rights violations in my generation,\" she said. \"It's appalling that 27 years on, the (disaster) site has still not been cleaned up and thousands upon thousands of people are still suffering.\" She said people should be free to enjoy the London Olympics \"without this toxic legacy on their conscience\".Alexander was also part of the Commission for a Sustainable London 2012 (CSL), an ethics body monitoring organizations responsible for organizing the games. CSL recently defended the 2012 London Olympics organizing committee's decision to select Dow as a sponsor. The official said this and the organizers' subsequent defence of Dow enraged her.Human rights watchdog Amnesty International welcomed Alexander's resignation. \"This high profile resignation means the London 2012 organizers can no longer ignore human rights concerns about Dow,\" said the watchdog's Seema Joshi.The company's association with the games provoked outrage in India. Many British politicians have also criticized it.But the London Olympics organizers and Johnson have rejected demands to cancel the American multinational's sponsorship of 900m of plastic wraps around its main stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11634753", "title": "Direct recruitment of sr clerks resented", "text": "GONDIA: The organization of Maharashtra State Employees of Irrigation and B&C; department has opposed the proposed direct recruitment of 188 senior clerks in Nagpur circle.The opposition comes as junior clerks who have put in more than 12 years of service are already drawing salary as senior clerks. They said that instead of new recruitment they would get encouragement if they are given promotions. Besides, it would also not burden the state exchequer.Working president of the organization Liladhar Pathode said that the state government had issued an advertisement on January3 for direct recruitment. He said that there are many employees who have put in even more than 25 years of service but working as junior clerks.Pathode has in a letter to chief secretary highlighted this point and urged him to promote these junior clerks. He said that the Nagpur circle authorities had suggested that 75% vacancies of senior clerks should be filled by seniority and 25% through fresh recruitment. This would enthuse junior clerks to work hard and get a higher post, Pathode said.A delegation of these employees also met minister of state for finance Rajendra Mulak in Nagpur on Saturday and handed him over a memorandum requesting him to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11633966", "title": "WII team to inspect NHAI violations on NH-6, NH-7", "text": "NAGPUR: A two-member team of the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) team is all set to inspect violations by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) on NH-6 and NH-7 on Friday and suggest new mitigation measures. The move comes nearly three months after the decision to send a team was taken at the meeting of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA).WII director PR Sinha told TOI that WII scientist Bilal Habib and researcher Pragateesh along with a team of members from territorial, wildlife wing and NHAI officials would inspect the spots. \"The NTCA has urged WII to suggest mitigation plan for NH-6 and also to examine and provide comments on revised proposal submitted by NHAI on NH-7,\" Sinha said.In October 2011, the 'vague' mitigation plan prepared by NHAI consultant RN Indurkar was rejected by senior wildlife officials including chief wildlife warden SK Khetarpal. The state forest chief has also sought a report on the Forest Conservation Act (FCA) violations if any by NHAI on NH-7.The NHAI has widened two-lanes to four-lanes on both the highways but work in forest patches has been stalled as a segment on NH-6 would have broken the tiger corridor that runs through Navegaon-Nagzira-Kanha-Indravati-Tadoba route.Similarly, road widening on NH-7 will not only destroy tiger corridor between Pench-Nagzira-Kanha, it will lead to chopping of over 25,000 big trees and destroy rich wildlife habitat. It will also affect several compartments encompassing Deolapar and Paoni ranges of Mansingdeo Wildlife Sanctuary connecting Pench Tiger Reserve.After deadlock over poor mitigation measures by NHAI, the NTCA, at a meeting on October 31 last year, has asked WII to suggest mitigation measures on NH-6. While NHAI has already widened the road, forest department has suggested the construction of open span bridges in five vulnerable patches in a 13-km section falling in the 85-km patch from Deori to Sakoli.\"The NHAI carried out work despite the Supreme Court's centrally empowered committee (CEC) pointing out violations. The NTCA tried to circumvent the issue instead of taking action against NHAI,\" alleged Nandkishore, former additional PCCF (APCCF), who was the first to point out the violations.The Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) has claimed that Navegaon National Park boundary is only 250 metres away at Sasakuran where the road will be widened.\"Any project within the 10km radius of a protected area has to go through the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL). This criterion has not been followed. On October 13, 2010, the NBWL has already rejected NHAI proposal to seek clearance for 38.21 hectare forest land for four-laning,\" said Prafulla Bhamburkar, manager, WTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635944", "title": "Ban and scam leaves deep scars in Isro's image", "text": "MUMBAI: Former managing director of Antrix Corporation, K R Sridharamurthy, did not mince words when he said the government's decision to ban him and three others, including former Isro chief, G Madhavan Nair, from getting any government job in future would affect the organisation's future marketing capability, apart from seriously damaging its image.Antrix is the commercial arm of Isro. Sridharamurthy, Nair, A Bhaskaranarayana, former scientific secretary of Isro, and K N Shankara, former director of Isro's Satellite Centre have been penalized for their role in the Antrix-Devas deal, in which a private company was wrongfully allotted S-band frequencies for radio waves.He told TOI from Bangalore: \"I maintain that we had adhered to the stipulated procedures, and now we need proper redressal of our grievances. What has happened is extremely distressing. To associate us with any type of scam is not rational at all.''Nair in a letter to the Union cabinet secretary, Ajit Kumar Sheth, alleged that no one was provided an opportunity to face the inquiry committee and present his case.Asked if he would challenge the order in court as Nair has threatened to do, Sridharamurthy said that till Wednesday afternoon he had not received the official order. \"I have to read it, understand it before contemplating any action,'' he said.Asked to elaborate on his statement that the government action could damage the space agency's marketing capability, he said: \"In such an environment, many organisations perhaps may not want to deal with Antrix and Isro.'' Apparently, he was referring to the fact that foreign space agencies could in future think twice before sending their satellites to be launched by Indian rockets.About the allegation by Nair against the current Isro chairman, K Radhakrishnan, he said he did not want to get into \"individual issues\".Tata Institute of Fundamental Research space scientist Mayank Vahia said: \"I hope the government has done its investigation properly. I hope the allegations will not be true.''All the same, Vahia described it as a sad story resulting in a serious blot on Isro's image.While praising Nair's capability, Vahia all the same said it was improper of him to have washed dirty linen in public and \"throw mud at Radhakrishnan\". \"The mud will stick on people who throw it,'' he warned.Nair and Radhakrishnan warThat there was a long-standing rivalry between Nair and Radhakrishnan was amply evident last year when this correspondent did a story about the future of India's space programme. In the course of an interview, Nair said a rot had set into Isro and blamed Radhakrishnan for the sorry state of affairs. He said various projects had failed to take off because Radhakrishnan had not \"pushed them\" sufficiently.Recently, some scientists, on condition of anonymity, told TOI that India's planned mission to Mars had not yet been firmed up because of the \"black shadow of the Antrix-Devas deal\" looming large over Isro. The scientists said this was the first time in the nearly 50-year-old history of Isro that the organisation, which has technologically and scientifically, maintained an excellent record, had initiated action against its own chairman and directors.The scientists said that apart from the controversy relating to the Antrix-Devas deal which has become public, there was another one about which many were unaware of. This one pertained to the Chandrayaan-1 mission. They said that on November 14, 2008, when Chandrayaan-1's Moon Impact Probe landed on the moon, it was the first to detect water molecules making history.A scientist regretted that Nair never announced it in November 2008, but waited till September 2009 till Nasa first made the announcement, and took away all the credit for Isro's discovery.\"For our discovery, Nasa got the credit. I think this is quite a scam which really needs to be probed,'' said a scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634640", "title": "Block panel objects to 'outsider'", "text": "PANAJI: The Mandrem Block Congress Committee has taken strong objection to the name of Sameer Salgaocar featuring in the party's candidate list for the upcoming assembly polls.Addressing a press conference in Panaji on Wednesday, members of the committee demanded that the ticket be given to local aspirants.\"The Congress ticket should be provided to senior Congress workers and not to new entrants and those from outside the constituency,\" said committee president Sumitra Bagkar.Babi Bagkar, member, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee, is an aspirant.Vasant Shetgaonkar, vice-president, North Goa District Congress Committee, said they had met GPCC chief Subhash Shirodkar and he has assured them that no injustice will be done to local party leaders.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11634013", "title": "3-yr-old helps police make Cuffe Parade killer\u2019s sketch", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have prepared a sketch of the man they believe is behind the murder of two young girls in Cuffe Parade.The main witness in the case is a three-year-old girl who was playing with the last victim when the latter disappeared from the Sassoon Docks area last week. Sources said there were some difficulties in getting a clear picture initially as the girl was unable to communicate properly. However, after several rounds of questioning, the cops prepared a rough draft, which they circulated within the department.The police said they were treating the sketch as one of the leads. \"Besides, there are several other angles that we are investigating,\" said a senior officer handling the case.An officer, however, said: \"Locals have launched a witch-hunt, picking up people and taking them to the police station. This leads to a waste of time as we have to focus on maintaining law and order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634558", "title": "Absence of voters' list angers candidates", "text": "NAGPUR: The delay in preparing error-free electoral rolls and publishing of ward boundaries are likely to adversely affect the candidates of municipal elections. They have not been able to get a clear idea about their constituencies and its demography. The sitting corporators and aspiring candidates for the ensuing civic polls fear that the delay in getting the certified voters' list may not only delay their preparations but also in submission of nomination forms.Sitting BJP corporator Prakash Totwani, who bought nomination form on Tuesday, expressed concern over the civic administration's election department for failing to provide certified voters' list to him. In fact, the election department is supposed to provide printed and certified error-free voters' list to the candidates as soon they purchase forms. Even though civic body started selling forms on January 24, it failed to provide the list.Totwani said by way of example that if he were residing in Prabhag No 1 and contesting from Prabhag No 2, then he should get the voters' list of Prabhag No 1 while filing his nomination form. He said that at present the civic body was providing 2009 assembly elections voters' list while the corporation polls were being conducted on Prabhag basis (cluster of two wards). It has changed many areas.Independent corporator Manoj Sangole also said that absence of list was affecting his planning of poll campaign. \"I would get less time to prepare and how would I distribute the voter cards,\" he asked. The NMC move to provide voters' list on CD was of no use, alleged Sangole. He pointed out that it lacked important details like Prabhag numbers.Independent candidate Pravin Raut too faced problems in getting a certified voters' list while filing his nomination form from Prabhag 64 (B). Many candidates complained of difficulties in finding their names in voters' list. A senior official from NMC's election department clarified that the election department would make the list available from January 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11638125", "title": "Republic Day parade: Woman leads Indian Air Force contingent for the first time in history", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sneha Shekhawat from Sikar in Rajasthan on Thursday created history when she led the Air Force contingent at the 63rd Republic Day parade becoming the first woman pilot to do so.Flight Lieutenant Shekhawat was assisted by three other women Flying Officers Heena Pore, Anupam Chaudhary and Pooja Negi as the 144-strong Air Force contingent marched to the tunes of 'Air Battle'.She was cheered by thousands of spectators as the commentator mentioned that she is the first woman to lead an Air Force contingent in the 63-year-old history of the parade.Shekhawat is at posted with the IAF squadron at Hindon air base.She was the face of elegance and confidence as she led the 144-member strong Air Force contingent marching to the tunes of its band playing 'Air Battle'.The Agni-IV, successfully flight tested last November, stole the limelight as people cheered when the missile which can carry nuclear weapons was rolled out on the majestic Rajpath.The Intermediate Range Surface-to-Surface Ballistic Missile mounted on a road mobile launcher was paraded by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).The elite organisation also put on display for the first time the 150 km range Prahaar Tactical Battlefield Support Missile and the Rustom-1 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV).Indigenously designed and developed RUSTOM-1, the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), was another eye-catcher at the parade.The medium altitude long endurance unmanned aerial vehicle (Male UAV) has been developed by the DRDO with Aeronautical Development Establishment (ADE) in Bangalore.RUSTOM-I, named after late Prof Rustom B Damania will replace or supplement the Heron UAVs in service with the Indian armed forces.It has has the potential military missions like reconnaissance and surveillance, target acquisition, target designation, communications relay, battle damage assessment and signal intelligence.Three of the six C-130J Super Hercules aircraft recently bought from the US was another first in the parade. The sixth aircraft was brought as late as November 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11634222", "title": "Anomalies in hotel room charges generate controversy", "text": "VARANASI: The 55th All India Congress of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (AICOG-2012) commencing from Thursday at Swatantrata Bhawan on Banaras Hindu University campus has generated a controversy over quoting of huge room rents against the actual tariff of hotels booked for accommodating the participants.By visiting the official website of AICOG-2012 (www.aicog2012varanasi.com), the accommodation facilities arranged for participants can be found. The organising committee has displayed the names of hotels in four categories and price groups. As per the printed tariff card of hotels provided to the office of UP Tourism, the rooms available at six top hotels of the city range from Rs 1200 to Rs 15,000. But, on the official website of AICOG-2012, the tariff range of the same rooms is shown as Rs 12,000-Rs 15,000. The room in the hotels shown in group B category on this website can be availed against the payment of Rs 550 to Rs 1400 in normal days. However, the tariff range of such hotels is shown as Rs 6,000-Rs 9,000. The cheap range hotels are included in the list of group C and D but the charges in these categories are shown as Rs 4,000-Rs 6000 and Rs 2500-Rs 4000 respectively.As most of the hotels, guest houses and lodges have been booked about a year back for this event no general tourist or customer can get accommodation easily in this city for four days since the day of beginning of the event. It is clear that the large number of bookings have been done to generate crisis by increasing demand and charging desired amount from the customer through the agents who booked these hotels.Taking a serious note of the same, the district administration issued notices to the chairpersons, secretaries of the organising committee of AICO-2012 while notices were also served to HP Dubey and Sunil Vishwakarma of Toshali Tour and Travels, Narsingh of Mera Bharat Mahan organisation, some tour operators and also over 50 hotels. In the notice, ADM City MP Singh stated that it seemed that the booking of hotel rooms in bulk was a conspiracy for charging huge amount from the participants arriving in the city to attend the conference against the declared tariff of hotel rooms. He said by indulging in such practices, the officials concerned were not only causing loss of revenue for the government but also cheating the guests. Singh had asked to submit their replies by Wednesday evening. He told TOI that after examining the replies, legal action would be initiated under the sections of UP Entertainment Tax, Sarai Act and also IPC.On the other hand, when one of the chairpersons of AICOG-2012 organising committee Dr Vibha Mishra was contacted, she said the committee had assigned a travel agency as the agent for arranging accommodation and transport facility for the period of the event. She said if any malpractice had been committed for charging extra from participants, such agents and officials of hotels would be responsible for it. She said any action would be initiated after fixing responsibility when the conference would become over on January 30. However, the questions -when the bookings had to be done by the travel agent, why the price list were displayed on AICOG-2012 website and why the requests for hotels were invited on AICOG's mail-ID- remained unanswered.When Sandeep Vishwakarma of Toshali Tour and Travels was contacted on his office number, the phone attendant informed that any reply regarding hotel tariff controversy would be given by the director only. And, despite repeated efforts, director of this agency HP Dubey did not pick up the call on his mobile. Hotel officials like Rajiv Rai of Radisson and Brijesh Sharma of The Gateway Hotel revealed that they had booked the rooms on lower price than the printed tariff and the billing had been done in the name of agency booked the rooms. The agency had provided guest list to these hotel officials for accommodating them without giving any receipt due to which they were unable to know how much tariff had been charged from them.More interesting was the reply of general manager of Hotel Hindustan International RS Singh, who saw nothing wrong in the practice. He said: \"We are concerned about our room charges. If any agency books the rooms and sell them on higher prices, it is of no concern to the hotel. This is not happening for the first time as it remains a common feature during major conferences and it can also be mentioned here that during air show in Bangalore, the hotel rooms were given against a payment of Rs 25,000.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634749", "title": "Christian art museum burgled, guard killed", "text": "PANAJI: In a daring evening robbery, thieves decamped with gold from the museum of Christian art, Old Goa after killing the security guard on Wednesday. In what appeared to be a pre-planned robbery, the gang is understood to have attacked the security guard and killed him before breaking into the museum.\"As of now no artefact or statue seems to have been stolen. The thieves have decamped with gold,\" PI Edwin Colaco, in charge of Old Goa police station who was on the site told TOI, adding that the investigations are on.He said the incident occurred between 6.30pm and 7.30pm.\"The security guard has been killed and there's no one to tell us what exactly happened. It is not known how big the gang was,\" he said.Old Goa police said a complaint has been lodged by the museum's administrator. The dog squad was pressed into service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11639952", "title": "Kunal Kemmu\u2019s excited for grandfather\u2019s award", "text": "Actor Kunal Kemmu is on cloud nine after learning that his grandfather and playwright Moti Lal Kemmu will be conferred the Padma Shri, the country's fourth highest civilian honour, for his contribution in the field of theatre.\"Just got a great news - my grandfather Shree Moti Lal Kemmu is going to be awarded with a Padma Shri for his work in theatre and literature,\" an excited Kunal wrote on his Twitter page.Some of the senior Kemmu's popular works include \"Teen Asangati Aikanki\", \"Lal Drayas Lol Re\", \"Trunove\", \"Tshai\", \" Natak Truche\" and \" Tota Tol Aina\". Many of his plays have been translated and produced in Hindi.He has also been actively involved in preserving the age-old, dying folk theatre of Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635830", "title": "Flying to get costlier, DIAL mulls new fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Flying in and out of Delhi is going to get a lot more expensive from April. The Delhi International Airport Pvt Ltd (DIAL) has proposed a new charge called user development fee (UDF) for all passengers - departing, arriving and even transiting.This will be in addition to the existing fees levied only on departing flyers - passenger service fee (PSF of Rs 207) and airport development fee of Rs 200 and Rs 1,300 for domestic and international passengers, respectively.The proposal is, on an average, for charging a UDF of Rs 1,300-1,400 from international passengers and Rs 600 from domestic passengers. The UDF for passengers in transit is Rs 800 and Rs 360 for international and domestic transit flyers, respectively, said GMR Airports' chief financial officer Sidharth Kapur.The new fee is distancelinked. Three slabs have been created for international flights. Flights of up to 2,000km, between 2,000 and 5,000 km and above 5,000 km have been classified as short, medium and long haul. So long haul would pay more than the average of Rs 1,300-1,400 while short haul would pay less than that. The final rates would be determined by the Airport Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA).The proposed UDF is part of the 774% hike in all charges that DIAL has sought from April to recover its IGI development cost of close to Rs 12,000 crore. AERA, which decides tariffs, has proposed to allow a 334% hike in charges from April. The proposed UDF will accordingly be scaled down as per the percentage of hike finally approved by AERA and agreed on by other stakeholders. This means if AERA's 334% hike goes through, the UDF final figures could be nearly half of DIAL's original proposal. DIAL shares 46% of all revenue with the Airports Authority of India.\"The PSF of Rs 207 (without taxes) has two components - Rs 130 for security expenditure and Rs 77 to airport for facilities. The UDF proposed will replace the Rs 77 component. Airport charges have not been hiked in a decade (except for a 10% hike in 2009) and remain archaic despite the massive infrastructure that has been created in Delhi,\" Kapur said.DIAL says it is entitled to a hike in the first five-year period of 2009-14. Now that three years have passed, the additional money that was to be collected in five years would have to be limited to the remaining two years. This could mean a lot of pain for flyers as both airline charges and fee directly collected from them would rise. Airlines would pass on all the extra charge to passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634660", "title": "B-Focused stresses on all-round devp at Tejaswini School", "text": "NAGPUR: The students of Tejaswini Vidya Mandir High School enthusiastically participated in various activities which were a part of the B-Focused workshop being organised by The Education Times and Workskills Training Academy (WTA).\"Personality matters the most in decision-making. Some jobs match certain personalities. Hence, one of our aims has been making the students realize the importance of all-round development,\" said Shobha Dhanwatay, director, WTA.Various presentations and activities held during the workshop concentrated as much on individual grooming as much on building an ethos for team work. \"Our long-term, ultimate goals always involve working in teams. But in order to achieve the long term goals, small, short-term goals have to made which can be achieved only through grooming our individual skills,\" said Dhanwatay.Sunita Jamjare, the school principal, said, \"The times are such that children are always under pressure. Such workshops help them and that is why we continuously organise workshops for them. If the workshop is interesting, they listen and use the knowledge for their benefit.\"A host of presentations and activities focusing on various aspects of personality development, sharpening of mental abilities like memory, attention, problem solving, goal setting and team work are conducted during the workshop.\"In today's world, if students take such workshops seriously, it will help them develop their personality and they can stand out from the crowd,\" said English teacher Sudharani K. Sandip Gulhane, chief coordinator of WTA, said that apart from studies, a person's soft-skills have become equally important. \"That is why a wholesome development of the personality of the child has become necessary,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11635419", "title": "Government mulls sewage treatment plants for big housing projects", "text": "JAIPUR: The urban development and housing department (UDH) is exploring the possibility of having separate sewage treatment plants in housing projects under Section 90A of the Land Revenue Act.In its attempt to reduce groundwater misuse for landscaping of colonies, each housing project will have to incorporate a water treatment pant in its premise. However, the provision will only be applicable for bigger housing projects with an area 3000 square metre and above, and not for the small projects and individual houses.\"Housing colonies will create their own sewage treatment plant (STP) along with separate lines for waste water. This water will then be collected and reprocessed and later can be used for gardening or other non-drinking purposes,\" said a senior official of UDH department.\"Though it is just in planning stage, with the depleting groundwater level, we need to find a mechanism to save water. It is inevitable in the prevailing situation and our aim is to conserve water in whichever way we can,\" said an official.Similar project is in the pipeline for the hotels in the city. Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay , during his visit to Jaipur for the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, announced that \"Rajasthan being a brand for tourism in India, the officials from my ministry are serious on water scarcity issue in the state and working on how to recycle and harvest water in hotels.\"As per the Supreme Court directions, the empowered committee that constituted to monitor the planning of Jaipur as the world-class city on Monday suggested that in the long run, the department should provide residents separate pipeline of recycled water by STPs to be used in gardens and other household work so that optimum utilization of drinking water can be made.The committee has cited examples of cities in Gujarat where groundwater is banned for watering plants in gardens. \"Within one month, the department will present a comprehensive report to the committee,\" an official said.The biggest concern in Rajasthan is the growing imbalance in demand and supply of water. The government is not able to supply potable water to 31,000 habitations because of dry blocks.\"With this move, many litres of drinking water can be saved along with increasing the green cover area of the city. In fact, it should be mandatory for the private and public housing projects,\" said Pushpendra Jha, convener of an NGO working for clean drinking water in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11634590", "title": "Irom Sharmila slams 'shameless' politicians", "text": "IMPHAL: Irom Sharmila Chanu termed politicians as \"shameless people\" minutes before she was produced at the court of judicial magistrate first class (Imphal East) on Wednesday morning. Sharmila, who completed the eleventh year of fasting in protest against Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA) on November 5, 2011, said the promises made by the politicians during campaigning is a mockery of a democratic country.Condemning politicians for their failed to scrap the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act despite their countless promises, Sharmila said: \"Aggrieved people burn effigies of political leaders, particularly those in the government, for not translating their words into action and still seeking people's vote with the monotonous promise of scrapping the Act,\" she said \"Why they are telling lies to the people at the time of their need. They are shameless people,\" an emotional Sharmila said, adding that the draconian act will not bring any solution to state's problems.Days before thee tenth Manipur assembly polls, Sharmila, urged the people not to sell their voting rights, but to pick their candidate after due deliberation. Sharmila said the people are unhappy with the deployment of large number of security forces across the state in the name of countering insurgency. \"We don't want Manipur to be a battlefield. We, in fact, want a solution to the violence,\" she said. She also ridiculed \"crorepati\" candidates for \"pretending\" to be a common man during elections. Sharmila also said she has no problem with her health despite years of fasting.Sharmila (40) has been fasting since a couple of days after Assam Rifles personnel mowed down ten civilians, including a young Bravery Award winner, near a bus stand in Malom village on November 2, 2000. She is being forced fed through her nose at the state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Science (Jnims) near her Kongpal Kongkham Leikai residence in Imphal East. The Congress-led Secular Progressive Front (SPF) ministry lifted the Act from Imphal municipal areas in 2004 in the aftermath of the people's large scale protest against the rape and brutal killing of Thangjam Manoram Devi by Assam Rifles personnel.Though Sharmila had urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take into account her struggle for the cause of the people, the PM along, with UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, in their public meeting addresses at Kangla fort here on December 3 did not spell out anything on AFSPA and Sharmila's struggle.Besides Sharmila, her family members are also not happy with the politicians using AFSPA and Sharmila as an election plank.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ballan (jalandhar)", "code": "11634994", "title": "Can Mayawati win over Punjab\u2019s dalit heartland?", "text": "BALLAN (JALANDHAR): It's not easy to drive on NH-I these days between Phagwara and Jalandhar with roads dug up for the ongoing three-laning work. One has no option but to follow an auto-rickshaw that is wide enough to block whatever road available, and fitted with a loudspeaker blaring out a speech by BSP leader Mayawati interspersed with songs.The traffic din can't drown out the name of Ravidasa which is mentioned several times in one of the songs. This is Doaba, the dalit heartland of Punjab, which India's most powerful dalit leader must win over if she wants to have any real presence in Punjab. Will she succeed this time?The answer perhaps lies barely 20 km away on the road, leading up to Pathankot from Jalandhar. Dera Sachkhand at Ballan village is the most sacred place for the dalits, mainly Ravidasis, of the area. Its growing clout can be gauged from the fact even Congress's Amarinder Singh came for the `darshan' of chief guru Sant Niranjan Dass on Tuesday. But while the sant blesses people, he refuses to talk politics.Dass, who escaped an assassination attempt in Vienna, instead allows his manager Amrik Birdi to talk. \"BSP candidates have sought our support but the sant believes that only people who behave as mahapurush should be voted for,'' says Birdi, adding that CM Parkash Singh Badal too will be visiting the Dera which has played the lead role in making the community assert its cultural and political identity.Another follower, who doesn't want to be identified, is more forthright. \"The dalit community in Punjab is not Jatav like Mayawati and will not like to waste its vote on BSP; instead it will choose the lesser evil between the Congress and Akalis,'' he says. He cites the example of nearby Khanna seat, the valmikis have decided to vote for Akalis. The Sehajdhari Sikh community, of which many are dalit, have decided to back Congress. Like always, despite becoming politically more assertive, the dalits seem to be choosing between these two main parties only. What cannot also be ignored is that despite having a Jat Sikh leadership, both Congress and SAD (Badal) have given enough representation to dalits.Maywati drew a blank in 2007 with the party getting about 4% of vote share. The dalit czarina's best performance came in 1996 when she entered into an alliance with the Akalis winning three out of four seats.\"This was important because it proved that religio-cultural ethos negate the existence of exclusive caste categories for electoral gains in the state,'' says Pramod Kumar, the head of Institute for Development and Communication.Conventional wisdom has it that Mayawati failed mainly because Punjab dalits mainly comprised Ravidasis, Valmikis and Majhabi Sikhs who could not relate with Mayawati's Jatav identity. \"Punjab has been more liberal in terms of religious practices which has made it difficult for Mayawati to create a vote-bank solely on her Manuwadi plank,'' adds Kumar.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11634748", "title": "Shivankar to launch farmers' body today", "text": "BHANDARA: Former minister and BJP leader Mahadeo Shivankar announced that he would launch a non-political organization for the welfare of farmers on Republic Day. Shetkari Sangharsha Sanghatana will solve farmers' problems and work for their interests, said Shivankar. He was addressing a press conference on Tuesday.\"The farmer community is experiencing hard days. Prices of fertilizers, insecticides, seeds and wages of labourers have increased. By comparison, the cost of produce has gone down. More and more young farmers are shifting to cities,\" Shivankar said. Arresting growing unemployment in rural areas and economical empowerment of farmers is the motto behind the establishment of the new organization, he added.The organization will take efforts for getting production cost based rate to farm produce, bringing about direct rapport between consumers and farmers, urging state and central government for export of farm produce, giving bonus to farmers as is the case in the US, establishment of warehouses and cold storages at tehsil places and providing internet facility to farmers.BJP ZP member Ashok Uike, BJP district unit secretary Dr Yuvaraj Jamaiwar were present at media briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11633795", "title": "Suspend RPF men in fake bail bond scam: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway protection force (RPF) personnel involved in the fake bail bond scam at Kurla railway station should not come in contact with commuters, the Bombay High Court said on Wednesday.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a public interest litigation filed by Samir Zaveri, alleging that some personnel posted in Kurla in 2008-09 had released commuters allegedly booked for trespassing and crossing railway tracks on fake cash bail bonds and misappropriated the money. The HC transferred its probe to the Central Bureau of Investigation on August 29, 2011.The CBI advocate submitted a progress report and sought more time to complete the probe. \"If you have come across persons who have done this, they should not be in service. You must suspend them. They should not come in contact with people,\" said Justice Bobde. The CBI advocate said the agency had sent reports to the RPF authorities to suspend them. The judges directed the RPF authorities to take \"suitable departmental action'' against them and submit a report within four weeks.The court was informed by Zaveri's advocate Rajiv Singh that another petition was filed, pointing out that Bharti Mahto, on whose photocopy of the bond the scam surfaced, may be kidnapped as he was \"missing\". The judges told the CBI to track down Mahto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11635671", "title": "Poll panel not consulted on \u2018extension\u2019 for civic chief", "text": "MUMBAI: State electoral chief Neela Satyanarayan has strongly objected to not being consulted when proposing to extend the tenure of municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar.Kumar is due to retire on January 31. But with the civic polls slated for February 16, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is likely to grant him an extension and a proposal has been sent to the Centre.\"The election code of conduct requires the state election commission to be consulted by the government over transfers and postings. This case is about granting an extension. I have raised the issue with the government on why the state election commission was not consulted before sending the proposal to the Centre,\" said Satyanarayan. \"Here, we are talking about an extension.\"Satyanaryan said state chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad had replied to her queries. \"I am yet to take a call on the reply,\" she said declining to reveal the contents. Gaikwad was not available for comment. Mantralaya officials said the extension was sought under recruitment rules of the All-India Service Act that did not require consultation with the SEC.Lawyer and activist Y P Singh said an extension could be granted only to the chief secretary and an officer who is on a permanent committee.(This young editor was accompanied by Clara Lewis)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11633901", "title": "Nitish extendsR-Day greetings", "text": "PATNA: On the eve of 63rd Republic Day, chief minister Nitish Kumar extended greetings to the people of Bihar and paid tributes to the martyrs of the freedom struggle.He said India attained freedom and adopted republican democracy after the struggle of freedom fighters whose sacrifices could not be ignored. \"We should renew our pledge to maintain our independence, unity and integrity and strengthen social amity and communal harmony. Peace and harmony are the key to prosperity,\" the CM said in his message. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11634032", "title": "Court stays trial against DMK MP for poll code violation", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday granted an interim stay on the trial court proceedings of two cases relating to poll code violation, registered against DMK MP J K Ritheesh, by the Tiruvadanai police during the assembly elections on March 23, 2011, and on another occasion during the Parliamentary elections in October 2009. Justice T Sudanthiram, before whom the matter came up for hearing, gave the interim order for two weeks. Thiruvadanai police registered a case against Ritheesh, former DMK minister Suba Thangavelan and seven others for entering the tahsildar's office for filing nomination papers on March 23 last year, violating election rules that stipulate entry of only five persons.In the case relating to flouting of election rules during the parliamentary elections, Rithesh, on May 4, 2009, was said to have made an election campaign at a village in support of his party and promised to construct a Marriamman temple for the villagers if they voted DMK to power. Based on his promise, on the same day itself, he arranged a sand load to be put in front of the house of one Shanmugavel so as to enable them to proceed with the temple construction. A case was registered against him by the RS Mangalam police.In his petitions, Ritheesh sought to quash the proceedings saying the complaints had not been given by competent persons. The police inspector was not authorised to file complaints in this matter. Only election officials were empowered to do so and hence cases registered against him should be quashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11634559", "title": "The grand old man of Langthabal", "text": "IMPHAL: Langthabal constituency in Imphal West has developed an evening ritual over the last 40 years. During every assembly session, come evening, groups of people huddle together at streetcorners, shops and homes and tune into the 7.30pm bulletin on Akashvani Imphal. The reason: their long-standing MLA O Joy Singh's name is mentioned in the bulletin without fail in context of the public issues he raises in the assembly.The 71-year-old stalwart, a senior Manipur People's Party (MPP) leader and the opposition MLA of Langthabal, not only rules the airwaves. He has also ruled the constituency for 35 years now.Joy has steadfastly won seven out of eight assembly elections in the state since 1972 - the year Manipur attained statehood. He has represented Langthabal for 35 years - on the opposition bench for 30 - no matter who came to power in the state. He was a minister for just two years while he served as deputy speaker of the house for another two years.Having been in the opposition for so long, Joy understands the importance of an intelligent opposition. \"The tragedy today is that no one wants to be in the opposition. They do not understand that a democracy cannot function without a vibrant opposition. If the opposition does not raise public issues, how can the house function? The government has to be checked,\" Joy tells TOI, while on a door-to-door campaign at Asem Leikai and Waikhom Leikai localities in Langthabal.Needless to say, the septuagenarian inspires respect among members of the ruling party. \"An assembly without Joy Singh would be lifeless. He is the person who ignites every debate in the house. We have learnt a lot from him,\" said Congress minister N Biren Singh.While other candidates' campaigns focus on local issues, the MPP leader is educating his voters on five major issues of the state - conflict resolution, territorial integrity, drug abuse, corruption in government and identity crisis. According to him the Armed Forces Special Powers Act is not a major issue; it is a part of the larger conflict resolution issue. \"Once we resolve political conflict or insurgency, the act will automatically go,\" he said.Reacting to Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio's demand for integration of Naga-inhabited areas, Joy said, \"I am ready for a debate with Rio's Naga People's Front candidates on the Naga issues.\"Always one to look at the macro picture, Joy, in his reply to a woman supporter in Asem Leikai who complains about the waterlogging problem in her area, says: \"It is not only your problem. Many areas of Imphal are waterlogged every monsoon. We have to find out what is going wrong. In the next term, I will raise the issue of siltation in Loktak Lake in the assembly. The drains flow to into the river and all rivers flow into Loktak. But the lake is getting increasingly shallow due to clearing of forests in the hills.\"This time around, Joy is locked in a multi-cornered contest in Langthabal and has Shyama Devi (Congress), Karam Shyam (LJP), N Singhajit (CPI), A Birendra (Trinamool), and Thongam Bishwanath (MSCP) contesting against him.Though Langthabal suffers from underdevelopment, which many in political circles attribute to Joy's marathon innings here, he seems to be popular among the people here. The key to his winning seven elections is simple, he says - his closeness with the voters. At one of the houses, an old man told Joy, \"We are yours, you don't need to visit my house to campaign.\"Joy bows humbly and then cracks a joke, making everyone laugh, \"Let's not campaign much, we have to keep something for our opponents.\"Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11633658", "title": "Hubli geared for mega RSS camp", "text": "HUBLI: Stage is set for the three-day 'Hindu Shakti Sangam', a mega camp organized by the Rashstreeya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), north Karnatak region, near Tarihal bypass near here, from January 27 to 29.More than 25,000 swayamsevaks from all over the state are expected to take part in the camp. Many RSS leaders including Mohan Bhagwat are attending.A temporary township has been created on 140 acres of land to accommodate participants. The township will have 14 temporary cities to accommodate 1,500 to 2,000 swayamsevakas in each city. Each city will have basic facilities like toilets, kitchen rooms, bathrooms and drinking water. The main entrance gate of the venue will be a replica of fine pieces of the architecture of the Vijayanagar empire. The main entrance arch will be 100 feet wide and 30 feet tall.To provide drinking water facility, a big temporary lake with a storing capacity around 45 lakh liters of water has also been created at the venue, according to Govardhan Rao, secretary, Swagat Committee (reception committee), RSS.On all the three days, there will be discussion on various topics including terrorism and illegal entry of Bangladeshis. Apart from this, an exhibition to spread the message of the country's achievements and rich cultural heritage will be held. There will be a section highlighting the activities of the RSS at the exhibition, he said.Around 4,500 police officials, including civil police, KSRP, Home Guards and CAR platoons have been deployed for the three-day event.Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner K Ramchandra Rao said on Wednesday that more number of police will be deployed during the route march to be taken out in the twin cities in which around 20,000 members are expected to take part.\"We will divert traffic for an hour on the day. Four DCPs, 8ACPs, 16 PIs, 40 PSIs, 60 ASIs, 96 HCs and 144 PCs will be deployed for four groups of route to avoid any untoward incidents,\" he said.Route changes on January 28The commissioner said the route has been changed at the time of RSS route march for about 45 minutes at 3 pm.Vehicles coming from Bangalore and proceeding towards Dharwad can move through Toravi Hakkal, M T Mill, Vani Vilas cross and Hosur circle. Vehicles from Desai circle can move through Giranichala, MT Mill cross and proceed towards Bangalore and Dharwad.Vehicles come from Dharwad should move through Hosur circle, Sharada Bhavan, Circuit house, Desai circle, Sarvodaya circle and can proceed towards Gadag and Navalgund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11634576", "title": "South Goa has 2,000 new voters", "text": "MARGAO: The need for people to cast their votes and to do so under no undue influence during the upcoming elections was the central theme of the 'National Voters Day ' programme that was observed at two public functions organized in Margao on Tuesday, January 25.At the function organized by the South Goa district collectorate, token Electors photo identity cards (Epic) were distributed to a few voters who had just completed 18 years of age and were now eligible to vote.South Goa additional collector-I Prasanna Acharya further announced that 2,000 new voters ( who had completed 18 years of age) have been registered in South Goa during the special drive conducted earlier this month.At the other public meeting organised by Goa Citizens Welfare Trust (GCWT), a Margao based NGO at the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) hall, GCWT chairman Michael Fernandes urged the public to resist from selling their votes and said that it was the voters who had to be responsible and thus play their role in preventing corruption.GCWT further announced that they would soon organise a campaign across government offices in Goa wherein they will distribute Gandhi topi's (caps) which have the slogans \"I am Anna\" and 'Jaago Goenkar Jaago\" on each side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11634355", "title": "Goa Su-raj Party unveils list of three candidates", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Su-Raj Party has announced three candidates for the ensuing assembly elections. The candidates have been selected by Goemchea Rakhnondarancho Awaz (GRA) but are contesting under the Goa Su-Raj Party (GSRP) banner as unlike the GRA, the GSRP is a registered party this will enable all candidates to utilize the same party symbol.Announcing this, GRA spokesperson Antonio Lobo, said \"The GRA is not a political party and hence not entitled for a symbol. Hence we have taken the help of GSRP as a vehicle to contest the elections as it is an advantage to have a common symbol.\"Declaring the candidates, Lobo said \"Julius Pereira will contest from the Aldona constituency, while Anabelle Pereira will contest from Taleigao. Ashley Gomes will be in the fray from the Calangute constituency.\" \"These are the final candidates for these three seats and will not be withdrawing for any reason,\" Lobo added.He disclosed that the candidates have sworn an affidavit to stand by GRA principles and preventing them from individually withdrawing their candidature unless asked to do so by the party.Besides these three, GSRP will field candidates in Mandrem, Tivim, Mapusa, Siolim, Saligao, Panaji, Canacona and St Andre, informed Lobo.Lobo said the GRA had prepared a roadmap by including issues like special status and the fight against corruption.Floriano Lobo, general secretary of the GSRP said \"we have written to the Election Commission requesting the 'two candles' symbol for the party candidates.\" He said that the party was confident of getting the symbol despite Mickky Pacheco's Goa Vikas Party also asking for the same symbol, as GSRP has been using the two candles symbol since 2002.Floriano told TOI that the party was open to pre-poll arrangements with other regional factions.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11634357", "title": "Demwe lower mega dam to affect wildlife in Assam and Arunachal", "text": "GUWAHATI: The site inspection study conducted by a team constituted by the Union ministry of environment and forest (MOEF) raised serious concerns over the impact of the 1,750 MW Demwe lower hydro-electric project in Arunachal's Lohit district on the biodiversity and the downstream parts in Assam.The team comprised Bombay Natural History Society director, Asad Rahmani and Arunachal Pradesh chief conservator of forest (wildlife), Pratap Singh. MOEF constituted the team to look into the \"possible impact on the fauna and flora, particularly globally threatened species such as the Bengal Florican\" once the dam comes up. The project is still to get wildlife and forest clearances.The study was conducted in November last year and its report has been submitted to the MOEF, which is yet to make it public. The report is in two parts with Rahmani and Singh expressing different views related to the project.The copy of the report accessed by the TOI said Rahmani pointed out that the location of the dam will have a serious impact on the ecologically-sensitive stretch on the lower reaches of the Lohit river and its tributaries, which lie close to the Kamlang wildlife sanctuary and cultural heritage site Parshuram Kund in Arunachal Pradesh.Rahmani's part of the report also said there are serious concerns about the downstream impact of the project on the wildlife and its habitat. He argued that the project should be assessed on the basis of its effect on wildlife. Dibru-Saikhowa national park in Assam and its adjoining ecological areas have over 310 species of birds. Of the 310 bird species, 15 are critically endangered and five of the species are found only in Dibru-Saikhowa. Rahmani pointed out that the flow of the Lohit river influences the eastern and southern parts of the Dibru-Saikhowa area. Given the richness of the habitat, prior studies should be conducted on the impact of the water flow fluctuations that will occur once the dam is operational. Although the WAPCOS' study on the water flow fluctuation did not find any possible adverse impact on the Dibru-Saikhowa park, Rahmani remarked that the WAPCOS' study was not \"factual\" and the impact of the flow fluctuation on species such as the Gangetic river dolphin is yet to be assessed. The chapories (river islands ) of Lohit in Arunachal Pradesh and Assam were identified as Important Bird Area by BirdLife International. These chapories are home to many critically endangered bird species like Bengal Florican, white-bellied Heron, red-headed vulture, and white-winged wood duck among others.Pratap Singh's part of the report said further scientific study determining the effects of the fluctuating water flow and downstream impact should be carried out simultaneously if the project gets approval. The report suggested relocation of two unauthorized villages covering 27 sq km inside Dibru-Saikhwa and removal of illegal occupants from the chaporis of Arunachal so that the vacated areas can be habitats for wildlife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11634708", "title": "2-yr-old boy dies, siblings hurt after boiling water falls on them accidentally", "text": "NAGPUR: A bucket of boiling water which accidentally fell on three children, claimed the life of a two-year-old boy and left his two siblings serious injured. The tragic incident occurred last Thursday morning when the trio were fast asleep in their shanty in Dhammadeep Nagar which comes under Yashodhara Nagar.The youngest of three siblings, Mohammad Billal succumbed to his injuries on Wednesday morning at Mayo Hospital. Billal, who suffered more than 50% burn injuries, died after getting treatment for seven days. Salman (4) sustained 40% burn wounds. He is in a critical condition and is battling for his life, said his father Mohammad Kalam. Fortunately, six-year-old Sohail is stated to be out of danger.According to Kalam, the tragedy occurred when he was busy bathing. His wife Soba Begum had kept the bucket full of water on the table. The coil of the electric geyser was inserted in it.\"Billal was in a corner while Salman and Sohail were next to him. While sleeping, Sohail's leg hit the table and shook the bucket after which the hot water fell on Billal and Sohail,\" said Kalam, who runs a Chinese food stall.\"Since Sohail had morning school, I had kept the water for his bath. I asked him to get up and got busy with kitchen work,\" said Soba.On hearing the screams, Soba and Kalam rushed to the place where the children were sleeping and were shocked to see what had happened. With help from neighbours, Kalam rushed the children to hospital.Kalam alleged that his children were not given the right medical treatment at the hospital. Yashodhara Nagar police have registered a case of an accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11635773", "title": "City govt\u2019s brass also awaits UID cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when uncertainty shrouds the Central government's ambitious Unique Identification-AADHAR project, most Delhiites who eagerly registered for a unique ID in the capital are still waiting to receive their ID numbers. Delhi chief secretary PK Tripathi and many other senior functionaries in the state are also in the queue.Of the 1.03 crore people registered under UID in Delhi, Aadhar numbers have been generated for less than 47 lakh people. In a city with an estimated population of 1.67 crores, till last week a little over 1.03 crore people, across nine districts, have registered for the scheme.But Aadhar cards have been generated for only 46,89,112 persons so far. For the rest the UID is still a distant dream first floated by the central government as a cost-effective way to eliminate the large number of duplicate and fake identities in government and private databases.It is learnt that in the midst of the crisis over the future of the UID project at the Centre, the Delhi government top brass held a meeting with senior officials from the UID Authority of India earlier this week where they were apprised of the status of the project. According to sources, some senior officials pointed out that even though they had registered for UID their enrollment number was yet to reach them. Chief secretary of Delhi PK Tripathi too awaits his ID card, top sources said.As per the enrollment status the maximum number of enrollments have taken place in the city's southwest and northeast districts. In southwest Delhi over 15.20 lakh people have registered under the project but Aadhar numbers have been generated in only 10.37 lakh cases. In northeast district too over 15 lakh people have been registered but Aadhar numbers have been generated for just for a little over 10.36 lakh persons. The marked difference in the number of enrollments and number of Aadhar cards generated against the enrollments is also visible across the remaining seven districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634919", "title": "Chaos-2012 begins at IIM-A", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students from various institutes across the country arrived at the campus of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad ( IIM-A) on Wednesday evening. The visitors have come to take part in several competitions and other events organized as part of IIM-A's annual cultural festival, Chaos, which will begin on Thursday.This time around, the four-day event will be hosting various entertainments events including concerts by an Iron Maiden tribute band called Higher on Maiden, performance on Sarod by Aman and Ayan Ali, plays and DJ performances by professionals.Chaos-2012 will also host a range of competition events for students including events like gaming, street dance, rangoli, sports quiz, couples' dance, painting and fashion shows. The festival will end on January 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11634688", "title": "74 plots on offer for banks displaced by SC order", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has finalized a scheme to facilitate shifting of banks operating from residential plots to commercial ones to meet the Supreme Court order of December 5.The Authority has identified 74 commercial plots that can host the displaced bank branches.According to the Noida Authority CEO, Capt SK Dwivedi, the scheme based on a commercial bidding format will remain open for applications for a week beginning Thursday and will be subsequently allotted to the eligible branches within the timeline given by the court. \"The plots are of varied sizes ranging between 82 and 450 sqm. We are offering only those plots identified as commercial in the Master Plan,\" he said.The scheme, however, is meant only for bank branches that have been operating from residential plots displaced by the apex court's order. Nursing homes and other commercial units will still need to fend for themselves or shut operations, at least till they can find alternate commercial locations.\"We had launched a commercial scheme for shops, clinics, etc in October 2011, yet many continued to operate illegally from residential plots. The Authority is planning to launch another scheme to offer some relief to such units. However, that will be launched only in March after the model code of conduct is lifted,\" Capt Dwivedi said.While the Authority's 'special scheme' provides a much-required breather, bank authorities feel that this \"certainly does not mean the end of all their troubles.\" To begin with, the Authority is offering only 74 vacant plots for the 104 bank branches displaced by the court order. The Authority said that banks whose many branches have been displaced could club them together at the new plots. \"The allotment of new plots is just the first step towards sorting out the chaos. The next big issue is construction of the premises. To take up such heavy capital expenditure, the banks have to go through tedious paperwork and tender process that will require a lot of time,\" said Lead District Manager Arun Kumar.However, the Authority says that the matter of construction of new premises was brought before court and it gave them the option of appealing for an extension of the six week deadline in case construction work takes more time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11635674", "title": "Rallies underline significance of voting", "text": "LUCKNOW: Now you can get information about your polling booth by just sending an SMS.For this, you need to send the number of your electoral photo identity card (EPIC) to the cell number 92-123-57-123. In a few minutes, you will receive an SMS containing details like location of your polling booth.The SMS service was launched by governor B L Joshi here on Wednesday at a programme to mark the second National Voters' Day.A number of rallies, events and campaigns were held to stress the significance of voting. These rallies and campaigns culminated into an event which was marked by an oath-taking ceremony.Joined by state election commissioner R S Bhaunwal and chief secretary Anoop Mishra, the governor asked all those present on the occasion to pledge that they would cast vote on the polling day, besides convincing others in their families and neighbourhood for the same.He said, \"In previous elections, it was seen that illiterate voters in rural areas had participated more enthusiastically in the electoral process than their educated urban counterparts. But all of them together form India which underlines democracy. And voting is not only a right but the duty of every voter.\"Presenting a status report, chief electoral officer (CEO) UP Umesh Sinha said, \"We all should exercise our right to vote. We have the ultimate power to shape the destiny of our country by electing our representatives who run the government and take decisions for growth, development and benefit of all citizens.\"He also coined the slogan for the day: Mazboot Loktantra - Sabki Bhagidari (everyone's participation can create a strong democracy).He said that more than 1.39 crore voters have been added under various voter registration drives.Interestingly, 1.19 crore of the new voters are in the age group between 18 and 29 years.Students, NGOs, professionals and institutions which have been working for the cause were felicitated by the governor. Earlier during the day, staff and officers at CEO UP's office pledged to cast their vote.Meanwhile, voter awareness rallies were taken out in Bareilly, Kanpur, Allahabad and Varanasi to inform voters about the significance of voting.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11635924", "title": "Punjab polls: Crorepati candidates go easy on I-T returns", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Karan Kaur Brar may be the richest crorepati candidate in the Punjab elections, but has never filed income tax returns.Brar, whose movable and immovable assets are over Rs 128 crore, and who is contesting from Muktsar, is one of the three super-rich candidates, who shy away from filling their I-T returns.The other two politicians who have never bothered to fill their returns are Congress candidate Ramanjit Singh Sikki contesting from Khadoor Sahib and Gurpartap Singh Wadala of SAD contesting from Nakodar. Both have total assets of Rs 20.12 crore and Rs 13.71 crore respectively.According to the figures provided by the Association for Democratic Reforms and Punjab Election Watch, 92 (23%) of the 408 candidates have declared that they never filed income tax returns.Congress has 15 out of 116, SAD has 11 out of 93, PPP has 20 out of 89 and BSP has 27 out of 61, and BJP has 1 out of 21 contestants, who have not filed the IT returns.The data also reveals that 47 candidates do not have PAN cards. They include five from Congress, five from SAD, seven from PPP and 18 from BSP.The top three candidates with maximum assets but have not declared their PAN details are Gurpartap Singh Wadala of SAD with total assets of Rs 13.71 crore. He is followed by Brahm Mohindra, Congress candidate contesting from Patiala Rural, and Sikander Singh, an independent candidate contesting from Rampura Phul. They have total assets of Rs 6.49 crore and Rs 6.32 crore respectively.Deputy chief minister Sukbhir Badal has the highest annual income of Rs 4.58 crore. He is followed by Parkash Singh Badal with Rs 2 crore annual income. Rana Gurjit Singh of Congress earns Rs 1.59 crore and Kewal Singh Dhillon has an annual income of Rs 1.53 crore. Deep Malhotra of SAD has an annual income of Rs 1.10 crore, reveals the data.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626113", "title": "No drama in my love life: Genelia D\u2019Souza", "text": "Nine days before her wedding, Genelia tells us why she decided to marry and what she plans to do in the run up to her big day.The countdown has begun. Nine more days and Genelia D'Souza will tie the knot with her boyfriend Riteish Deshmukh . Happy and not trying to hide it any longer, Genelia opened her heart to Mumbai Mirror. \"Trust me I had not planned to marry in 2012. Things just fell into place. I am so happy and excited. And I am not nervous at all,\" gushed the actress.Earlier however, the actress and her fiance Riteish, who had started dating from the time they first met on the sets of 'Tujhe Meri Kasam' had kept their relationship away from media glare. And that, explained Genelia, is because she and her beau are both extremely private people. \"Riteish and I took every day as it came. The relationship grew gradually. We decided that we would never jump around and be all over the place. Even today we are BFF (Best friends forever),\" said Genelia.And unlike their reel life, there was no drama in their real love story. \"Believe it or not, the decision to get married wasn't taken in a day. There was no drama involved,\" she laughed.Though not high on drama, their relationship sure did not lack zing. \"Riteish is special. The beauty of our love is that we want our tomorrow to be together,\" beamed Gen (as the actress is fondly called).However, marriage involves a lot more than just being with one's love. On the threshold of her new life, Genelia revealed that she understands the responsibility that comes with being a part of the Deshmukh family. That her father-in-law Vilasrao Deshmukh was the former chief minister of Maharashtra is not a secret. \"My parents are very happy about it. And I am lucky that they are in Mumbai. I am sure that they will always be there for me,\" said the actress.About her wedding plans, Genelia wishes everything to remain a surprise. \"The wedding dress of a girl should be something that should never be revealed before the D-day,\" laughed the actress when asked about her outfit.\"But yes, I shall tell you who is helping me with the trousseau. Fashion desginers Ritu Kumar, Surily Goel, Rakesh Agarwal and Nishka Lulla have picked up some really cool stuff- Indo western, Jaipuri, lots more,\" added the bride-to-be.The preparations for her big day began almost a month back. But Genelia still feels its not a long time. \"I couldn't squeeze out time for my shootings. I had to complete 'Rock The Shaadi', 'Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya' and a south Indian film,\" complained the actress.And though her friends think that the actress must be spa hopping with her wedding coming up in a few days, the actress informed that she has not got any time for such luxuries. \"I am however, planning to take a break from work,\" she explained.Genelia, who looks up to married actresses Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Kajol revealed that the 'break' she plans might not include a honeymoon. \"Even if we do go on a honeymoon, it will be a rather short one. Kumar Taurani, the producer of 'Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya' wants us to come back quickly. The film is releasing soon after the wedding,\" said the actress and then hurried back since she had 'loads to do'.With a wedding less than a week away, no wonder she did.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11639013", "title": "Raju reaches Oscars", "text": "Raju\", the Indo-German film that was shot in the city, has got an Oscar nomination in the Best Short Film (Live Action) category.And Taranjit, who was part of the cast apart from being the casting director for the film, can't control her excitement, \"I got the news on Tuesday. I don't know how to react. The film has already won the Student Academy Awards. And this is the icing on the cake. Being nominated at the 84th Academy Awards is like a wish fulfilment. It came as a huge surprise.\"Ask her if she has conveyed the news to Krish, who plays an important role in the film and she says, \"I am still trying to reach him. I'm sure he will be elated once he hears the news.\" The film also boasts of a cast of Wotan Wilke Mohring, Julia Richter, Arindam Sil, Arindom Gosh and Suroma Nag. Directed by Max Zahle, the venture is being produced by Stefan Gieren. Says Stefan, \"I'm overwhelmed. Being an Oscar-nominee means getting the knighthood in the film business, it stays for a lifetime. We've had a wonderful and creative time together and it is mainly due to the great support we've experienced in India that this movie has become what it is.\"Arindam, also the executive producer of the project, feels that it is historical to be part of a venture that has earned an Oscar nomination. \"I have been inundated with congratulatory calls and messages. It has been an incredible journey,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "11633577", "title": "Sainik School in Purulia turns 50, Air Marshal to be chief guest", "text": "PURULIA: One of them is a chief minister; the other may take over as the Chief of Air Staff before long while the third is a Sankaracharya. All three share a common bond. All of them are Purulians. As Sainik School, Purulia, prepares to celebrate its 50th birthday on Sunday, names such as Neiphiu Rio , Air Marshal Arup Raha and Swami Divyanand Teerth have surfaced in the list of ex-students. Rio is the chief minister of Nagaland, Air Marshal Raha is the AOC-in-C of the Central Air Command and Swami Divyanand Teerth is the Jagadguru Sankaracharya of Bhanpura. The Air Marshal will be present at Purulia on Sunday as the chief guest.\"The Sankaracharya visits the school almost every year. He brings gifts for the cadets and addresses them during the assembly.He tells the cadets that in reality, he is a disciplined soldier from within who received training at this Sainik School. During every visit, he goes to his hostel room and sits quietly for a while on the bed he used to sleep on. Air Marshal Raha said that he would be very happy to be present during the celebrations. This will be a great motivation for the cadets,\" said Col B S Ghorpade, principal, Sainik School, Purulia.Established on January 29, 1962, Sainik School, Purulia, is one of the oldest in the country. Classes initially started at Bongabari (five km away from its present location). In 1966, it shifted to its 280-acre sprawling campus on the Purulia-Ranchi Road. Since then, the school has not done badly for itself. Of the 2,500-odd cadets to have passed out of the school, about 250 have made it to the National Defence Academy (NDA). Many are well established in other spheres of life.\"Every year, a large number of cadets clear the UPSC examinations for admission to the NDA. However, only a few of them prepare seriously enough for the Services Selection Board (SSB) interview. The attitude of the parents has a lot to do with this. Most want their sons to prepare for engineering or medical courses during Class-XII rather than get ready for the SSB interview. Most of those who prepare and finally get through to the NDA are children of JCOs who dream of seeing their sons become officers.Maybe, other parents need to be aware of how much the defence services have to offer in careers. There have been instances, even at other Sainik Schools, when cadets have wanted to join the NDA but parents have not allowed them to do so. In later years, the cadets have not been too successful in the careers their parents chose for them,\" Col Ghorpade said.Though life is tough at Sainik Schools, the ex-students from Purulia share a unique bond with their alma mater. A few hundred of them are expected to attend the Golden Jubilee celebrations on Sunday and most have expressed their desire to spend the night at the hostels.Ashok Hazra, an engineer, has a unique distinction. He was the first student to be enrolled in Sainik School, Purulia and is the holder of roll number 001. He will be in Purulia on Sunday. \"I am looking forward to meeting old friends. I have been in touch with some of them but have not met them in person after leaving the school. I don't even know what they look like now.Our campus was at Bongabari and facilities were quite meagre. We used to live and study in abandoned bunkers left back by the US Army and would see snakes and scorpions all around. When we visited the school later, we went to the ruins at Bongabari and reminisced about the past. Our principal Col (late) S Majumdar was a lot like General George S Patton . Our teachers were young and very dedicated. We shared a wonderful relationship with them. All this has certainly served me well in life,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "bilaspur(moga)", "code": "11642177", "title": "Small village makes big in politics, three natives contesting election on congress, SAD tickets", "text": "BILASPUR(MOGA): Three sons of soil are contesting the Punjab assembly election from different constituencies, two on congress ticket whereas the other on SAD ticket.Out of the three, two are sitting MLAs whereas the third is former and two times MLA. Sitting congress MLAs Ajit Singh Shant and bureaucrat turned neta Ajaib Singh Bhatti are contesting from Nihal Singh Wala in Moga and Bhucho in Bathinda constituency whereas former SAD MLA Malkit Singh Keetu is contesting from Barnala assembly constituency. The three belong to Bilaspur.This happening village falling on Barnala-Moga saw two sons Keetu and Shant having starting their political careers as independents but later joined SAD and congress respectively whereas Bhatti started on congress ticket after hanging up boots as bureaucrat. Keetyu had won as independent in 1997 and on SAD ticket in 2002 but lost in 2007 to Kewal Dhillon of Congress. Shant won in 2007 as independent but now is contesting on congress ticket. Bhatti won on congress ticket in 2007 from Nathana assembly constituency but now is contesting from Bhucho.Before plunging into assembly elections, Keetu had won as village sapranch in 1993, her wife Gurdeep Kaur won as sarpanch in 1998, his son Kulwant Singh won as village sarpanch in 2003 and again in 2008.Apart from these three politicians the village is also associated with former deputy chief minister Rajinder Kaur Bhattal too. It is maternal place of Bhattal.The village's association with big and famous not ends here. Sant Jarnail Singh Bhindrawale, known for his battle for Khalistan in early late 70s and early 80s was also associated with the village. He was married to Pritam Kaur, native of Bilaspur. Village has also saw former SSP Gurcharan Singh Pherurai, known also for former PPSC chairman Ravi Sidhu's cash for job scam. The village is his maternal place.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "kanpur ", "code": "11635266", "title": "87 to contest KBA election", "text": "KANPUR : With one candidate, Ashok Kumar Trivedi, withdrawing his nominations on Wednesday, 87 candidates are left in the fray for the annual general election of Kanpur Bar Association on Wednesday.According to Ram Balak Mishra, chairman of Elders Committee that is conducting the election, Trivedi had filed his nomination for two posts.He withdrew his name for the post of treasurer and would now contest for senior executive committee. He said all nominations were found correct during the scrutiny.Meanwhile contesting candidates have started hectic campaigning. They are going from chamber to chamber on court premises at least twice a day along with their supporters to seek vote and support from lawyers.Pamphlets, stickers and small posters are being used by the candidates in their campaign. The voting will take place at DAV Degree College on February 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11635114", "title": "President's Prez medal for two city cops", "text": "NASHIK: Deputy Inspector General and Deputy Director of Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA), Nashik, Dr Nikhil Gupta, is the recipient of the is the recipient of thePresident's police medal announced on the eve of Republic Day.In the past Gupta he has won international awards like Commonwealth Association for Public Administration and Management (CPAM) Award, Manthan South Asia Award and IACP 'Webber Seavey Award'.A 1996 batch IPS officer of Maharashtra cadre, Gupta started his career in the Naxal-affected district of Gadchiroli. He has served as the SP of Sindhudurg, Buldhana and Nashik districts and DCP at Aurangabad City. Meanwhile, He is also the recipient of the Director General of Police (Maharashtra) Insignia for outstanding performance in policing. His innovative projects like Village Defence Party (community policing) and SMS-based complaints tracking system - Turant Chovis (citizen grievance redressal) have also won him international awards.Apart from Gupta, Police inspector Kailas Dattatray Ghodke, is another cop from Nashik, who will also be awared the ould be getting the President's police medal for 2012. Ghodke has served in the police for 28 years and won 383 prizes during his tenure, including the DG's insignia in 2010. He is now with the special branch. passing the police sub inspectors exam as a direct recruit. He stood in standing in the second position in the merit list in Maharashtra in 1989. Ghodke has won He has won as many as 383 prizes during his tenure. He also won the DG's Insignia in 2010 and has now joined the special branch.A policemen who has completed 15 years of service with an outstanding track record and a clean record is entitled to the Police Medal for meritorious service.Nikhil Gupta, a 1996 batch IPS officer of Maharashtra Cadre started his career in Naxal affected district of Gadchiroli. He has served as the SP of Sindhudurg, Buldhana and Nashik districts and DCP at Aurangabad City. Meanwhile, he is also the recipient of the Director General of Police (Maharashtra) Insignia for outstanding performance in policing. His innovative projects like Village Defence Party (community policing) and SMS based complaints tracking system - Turant Chovis (citizen grievance redressal) have also won him international awards.Meanwhile, PI Kailas Ghodke (Special Branch) Nashik Police Commissionerate, who would also be getting the Police Medal, announced on the eve of the Republic Day 2012, joined the police force in 1982 as a constable, but passed the police sub inspectors exam as a direct recruit, standing in the second position in the merit list in Maharashtra in 1989. He has served the police for 28 years. He has served in Navasheva, Nashik Rural, Dhule, Jalgaon, State Intelligence Department in Parbhani, Srirampur, before coming to Nashik in 2008. He has served at the Deolali Camp and Bhadrakali Police Station and has now joined the Special Branch. He has won as many as 383 prizes during his 28 year service and also won the DG's Insignia in 2010. He has cracked many a large numbe of cases during his service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11635793", "title": "Lab mimics Jupiter\u2019s asteroids in a single atom", "text": "LONDON: Physicists have for the first time built an accurate model of part of the solar system inside a single atom of potassium.An international team, led by Rice University, has showed in a laboratory experiment that it could cause an electron in an atom to orbit the nucleus in precisely the same way that Jupiter's Trojan asteroids orbit the sun.The findings uphold a prediction made in 1920 by famed Danish physicist Niels Bohr about the relationship between the thennew science of quantum mechanics and Isaac Newton's tried-andtrue laws of motion.\"Bohr predicted that quantum mechanical descriptions of the physical world would, for systems of sufficient size, match the classical descriptions provided by Newtonian mechanics,\" said team leader Barry Dunning.He added, \"Bohr also described the conditions under which this correspondence could be observed. In particular, he said it should be seen in atoms with very high principal quantum numbers, which are exactly what we study in our laboratory.\"The team said that it wanted to see if it could develop a way to use radio frequency waves to capture this localized electron and make it orbit the nucleus indefinitely without spreading out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11634796", "title": "National Voters' Day celebration - permanent Voters' Assistance Centre at collectorate office", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Voters' Assistance Centre has become a permanent feature of the district collectorate office.The election commission as well as the state administration have made the temporary centre a permanent one so that citizens can get their issues related to voters' list and identification solved at a time of their convenience.During the celebration of National Voters' Day on Wednesday, Ahmedabad district collector, Vijay Nehra announced that the Voters' Assistance Centre has been made a permanent feature in order to resolve the issues of registration of voters as well as verification of facts and correction. The administration also distributed some 2 lakh voter's ID cards among the newly enrolled voters at various places in the district.Addressing a large gathering of students who have been enrolled as voters recently, booth level officers and officials that participated in the recently held summary revision of electoral rolls, Nehra highlighted the issue of less turn out on part of young women voters, as the sex ratio found in registration of voters done so far was 898 only. This is against the census's record of around 910. Nehra called upon his subordinates to make the registration procedure easier. \"Less participation of young voters does not only reflect apathy or low enthusiasm level on their part only. We have to make the tedious process a little smooth,\" he said. The election commission also conducted a special drive for two weeks this month to attract new voters, especially between the age group of 18 and 28 for registration of names on electoral rolls.However, the alarming observation during the last revision in electoral rolls, was a big 7% dip in the number of voters in the district in comparison with the 2006 figures. Against 46,74,195 voters registered till October 2010, the revised rolls show that only 43,58,585 people registered as voters. This included addition of nearly 1.67 lakh new voters.If the Ahmedabad district has witnessed disappearance of over 3 lakh voters, number of total voters across the state has gone down by a million - from 3.76 registered a year ago to 3.66 on the rolls that now stand revised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "11634729", "title": "Two Goans get Padma recognition", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: Two illustrious Goans-famed cartoonist Mario Miranda who passed away on December 11, 2011 and intellectual Jose Pereira-finally received recognition for their body of work as both were included in the list of Padma awardees on the eve of Republic Day on Wednesday.Miranda, who was earlier awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2002 and Padma Shri in 1988, will posthumously be honoured with the Padma Vibhushan.Pereira, who is based in the US, and is known for his wide range of interests and contributions as a historian, musicologist, theologian and orator, will be conferred with the Padma Bhushan.The name of the famed cartoonist and illustrator was second in the list of five others, including K G Subramanyan (painting and sculpture), late Bhupen Hazarika (vocal music), Kantilal Hastimal Sancheti ( orthopedics ) and TV Rajeswar ( civil service ).The name of Pereira, a former professor, who taught theology of world religions at Fordham University , USA, figured in the list of 27 awardees, including Shabana Azmi , Mira Nair and others. He has also published more than 20 books on theology, history of art, architecture, Goan culture, language, literature and music.A multi-faceted personality, Pereira also carried out research, and he along with S B Kulkarni, a former head of department of Marathi, Nagpur University, have said that two lines of inscriptions at the foot of the huge statue of Bahubali at Sravanabelagola in Karnataka are the earliest Konkani inscriptions in Devnagri script.Born in 1931, the reputed Sanskrit scholar and Indologist has written several books on theology, history, architecture, language and music. A fresco done by him can be seen on a vault of St Joaquim's chapel at Borda while another painting was unveiled at Our lady of Rosary chapel, Fatorda.The announcement of the awards drew happy reactions from a cross section of people.Miranda's widow, Habiba, apparently overwhelmed by emotion, was at a loss for words, when contacted by TOI for her comments. \"What can I say? I am glad,\" was all she said.Majorda-based Damodar Mauzo, writer and Sahitya Akademi award winner said, \"Mario deserved a state guard of honour when he died.\" He, however, expressed satisfaction that Miranda's services in the field of art have been taken cognizance of, though belatedly, by the Union government.Agreed Kala Academy member secretary Pandurang Phaldesai. \"We should be grateful to the government of India for honouring two Goans, who projected the good image of the state the world over,\" he said.Commending Miranda's work, he said, \"His brush almost single-handedly put Goa on the world map.\"Goa Chitra museum curator Victor Hugo Gomes said the Padma Vibhushan award conferred on Miranda posthumously sounds like an insurance policy-money after death. \"It is sad that the centre had to recognize Mario's greatness when the state government refrained from providing state mourning to one of Goa's greatest and most illustrious sons,\" he said.Gomes felt that the state government could repair the damage of a missed state honour at his funeral by naming one of the centers they have been restoring after Miranda. He mentioned the old secretariat or the old GMC building. In addition, he suggested that the government institute scholarships/awards for students of Goa Art College and have a series of annual lectures in Miranda's memory.Regarding prize money, if any, Gomes suggested that it be equally divided among the art and culture minister, director and the other MLAs so that they become sensitized towards art and culture, Gomes said.Regarding Pereira, Mauzo said, \"The Padma Bhushan to Jose Pereira is a most deserving tribute to his multi-faceted personality. He was a musicologist, theologist and a polymath scholar who gave immense services to Konkani music, language and literature.\"Phaldesai praised Pereira for his large body of work, which included dedicated research in Konkani. \"People like Pereira make us realize how small we are. He learnt Sanskrit and Devanagri script and did research in Konkani and there are very few people like him,\" he said.Engineer and writer Jose Lourenco said the award to Pereira, which was long overdue, was on the merit of his great accomplishments in the fields of theology, art, architecture and music.\"His paintings and murals portrayed elements of Goan lifestyle. His contribution to Konkani is immense; he has written several books on Goan folksongs, including mandos, dulpods and bhaktigitam (devotional songs). As a historian, his research was passionate and very methodical. He was one of the greatest polymaths and I consider him the Leonardo di Vinci of Goa,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-26"}
