{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672281", "title": "Experts to discuss impact of technology on environment", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Several prominent geographers of the country will deliberate on issues like upgrading technology and degrading environment, myth or reality at the three-day conference being organised by the AU geography department from December 22.The conference is being held to mark the silver jubilee of the Indian Institute of Geomorphologist (IGI). Conference convener Prof Alok Dubey said the main focus would be to assess the impact of use of latest technologies for development, purpose on natural environments as well as human health and wealth.The conference would also assess the direct and indirect impact of human activities on accelerating or decelerating or modifying the natural geomorphic processes like fluvial, glacial, peri-glacial, coastal, mass wasting and mass movements etc.The aim of the conference is to compel global thinking to envision a sustainable and equitable global society through reflection on the role of technology during the transition to such a society and in that society's future. In a great transitions society, technology will support and enhance quality of life instead of high standard of life for all of its citizens, in both rich and presently poor countries without compromising the earth's ecosystems or the prospects of later generations.IGI secretary Prof Savindra Singh said the impact of upgrading technology underlie early 21st century global challenges in such a way that on the one hand it has offered the promise of a better world through the elimination of disease and material improvements to raise the standards of living and on the other had resource extraction, emission of dangerous materials and pollution of air, water and soil have created conditions for unprecedented environmental catastrophe causing irreversible damage to the earth's environment. While the future might promise a vast acceleration of technological innovation, the scale and impact of environmental degradation may reflect irreversible adverse impact of this vast acceleration as well.Prof Singh further said that despite technological revolution, majority of the world population still lives in abject poverty. Fortunately, a significant number of former developing countries are now on the threshold of development helped by technology transfer and technological innovation that have benefited large parts of their population.The persisting contradiction between better lives created and supported by technology for the wealthy few, and increasing environmental degradation and persistent poverty for the vast majority calls for a deeper exploration and understanding for the nature of technology and its relationship to society, especially to a sustainable society, he added.About 160 research papers will be presented in 14 technical sessions. Geomorphologist who will participate in thes conference include Prof MN Kaul, Prof RK Ganjoo from Jammu, Prof VK Verma from Delhi, P Nag, former director NATMO &amp; former Surveyor General of India and at present the Vice-Chancellor, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth, Varanasi among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670099", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Sonia Gandhi visits hospital, asks govt to take strictest possible action", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday night visited Safdarjung Hospital to inquire about the condition of the gang rape victim and asked the government to take the strictest possible measures to prevent such barbaric incident that has shaken the country.Gandhi was at the hospital here for about 15-20 minutes during which she inquired about the condition of the 23-year- old girl from the doctors and met her parents, according to Congress General Secretary Janardan Dwivedi.The doctors told Gandhi that the girl was in a critical state, he said.According to doctors, the condition of the para-medical student, who was gang-raped and brutally assaulted by a group of men in a moving bus here on Sunday, had deteriorated in the evening after which she was put on \"full-time ventilator support\".The Congress president wrote to home minister Sushilkumar Shinde, Delhi chief minister Shiela Dikshit and talked to National Commission for Women chairperson Mamta Sharma, asking them to ensure that all possible measures are taken so that such incidents do not occur again.In her letter to Shinde, Gandhi, who is also the UPA chairperson, said, \"It is a shame for all of us who are responsible for the security of our cities that a young woman can be raped in a moving bus in the capital of the country and flung on to the street.\"This monstrous crime deserves not only universal condemnation but also the government's most urgent attention,\" she said, noting that it is imperative that the police and other agencies concerned are sensitised to the danger that our daughters, sisters and mothers face every day.\"The security agencies must be motivated, trained and equipped to deal with this menace,\" the Congress chief said, hoping that the home minister would initiate immediate action to remedy the situation.Gandhi, in her letter to Dikshit, said everyone was horrified by the incident. \"It is a matter of shame that these incidents recur with painful regularity and that our daughters, sisters and mothers are unsafe in our capital city,\" she said.Noting that such violence and criminality needed not only to be condemned but called for a concerted effort to fight them, Gandhi asked the Delhi chief minister to take whatever steps were necessary to undertake community action, to strengthen law and order, and to step up vigilance to protect women.\"There is an urgent need to demonstrate our sincerity and determination,\" Gandhi said, adding that Dikshit had her and the party's support in whatever efforts were needed to curb this menace.According to Dwivedi, Gandhi wanted the guilty in the case to be brought to book at the earliest.Earlier in the day, both Houses of Parliament expressed shock and outrage over the heinous gangrape of the girl in a moving bus in south Delhi. Members, cutting across party lines, made strong demands for capital punishment to perpetrators of such crimes.Opposition members demanded a categorical assurance from the Home Minister that such an incident will not recur.Women members in both Houses were in the forefront in expressing shock and anguish over the incident, voicing concern over the safety of the fair sex in Delhi. Cinestar- turned-MP Jaya Bachchan even broke down while speaking on the issue in the Upper House.In Lok Sabha, Speaker Meira Kumar led the House in expressing outrage over the \"spine-chilling\" incident, saying it was shameful for the entire society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17671899", "title": "IAF is in the process of expansion, says Air Chief Marshal", "text": "COIMBATORE: Indian Air Force (IAF) is in the process of expansion and by next year C-17 Aircraft and Brahmos Air version would be part of the induction process, said Air Chief Marshal N.A.K. Browne. The much awaited air version of Brahmos would be launched by December next year, Browne told reporters at Sulur Aircraft Station in Coimbatore. He was in the city to participate in the function where President Pranab Mukherjee bestowed the President's Standard to 25 and 33 squadron of the Indian Air Force.This is the first of its kind in the world and is being done in cooperation with a Russian agency. \"Since it has to go for a fitness test on Sukoi-30, it would take time to conduct such trials and the new version would be launched within a year.\" he said,He further said the first C-17 Globemaster Aircraft would reach India by June next year and would be mainly utilised for strategic lifting, transport of goods and troops, besides humanitarian relief works.The government has ordered 10 such heavy lift military aircraft and the entire lot is expected to arrive by 2015, Browne said. With regard to Apache attack aircraft, Browne said he had already said the acquisition process of US-Made Apache 22 would continue to remain with IAF while the Army has to go in for another proposal and await the government's nod.When quizzed about the Army's plan's to raise its air-wing, he said that since both the Navy and Army have their own aviation segments in a smaller scale, it was up to them to improve on their infrastructure, he said.Stating that IAF would have 39 squadrons by the 14th five year plan, from the present 34, Browne said Light Combat Aircraft would also be inducted by 2015 in Sulur.On shortage of manpower, he said the force was short of 700 pilots, which would be filled by 2017. \"But by 2017, the shortage would be made good with the development of infrastructure. There are several people who want to joint the Air Force, but we have to enhance our training capacity,\" he said.The Air Force now has restricted the intake by 220 people every six month due to constraints in infrastructure and training aircrafts. But in due course of time this would change and training would begin by July next year in the new aircraft Pilatus which would be inducted in the IAF, he added.To a question on accidents, he said the number of accidents has come down drastically and only three cases have been reported this year. \"On an average, there were 11 to 12 accidents in the last three years. However, this year (April-December) only three were reported,\" Browne said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675162", "title": "'Attakathi' Nandita shoots in Chennai", "text": "After Ranjith's venture with Attakathi, 'Nalanum Nandhiniyum' is the second movie for Nanditha with another Assistant Director of Venkat Prabhu namely Venkatesh. Produced by Ravinder Chandirasekaran under the banner Libra Productions, Nalanum Nandhiniyum's music is composed by newbie Ashwath N.The crew had recently completed a schedule in a village 40 kilometers away from Madurai. Nandita who is also shooting for ' Ethir Neechal ' starring Siva Karthikeyan and Priya Anand in the lead is in Chennai for the next schedule of ' Nalanum Nandhiniyum '. The schedule in Chennai is expected to be for a week after which she would resume her shoot with 'Ethir Neechal' team.Nandita, the pretty actress seems to busy with back to back shoot and tweeted today \"On the way to ambatur for #nalanumnandhiniyum shoot hopin towards gud.\"The cast list of 'Nalanum Nandhiniyum' is completed by Jayaprakash, Renuka and Parotta Suri. Interestingly the debut producer of the movie has launched his next film titled 'Sutta Kadhai' also directed by a newbie.Image Courtesy: Nandita's Facebook page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13596497", "title": "Malkit Singh honored with MBE by England's Queen", "text": "Malkit Singh, the famous UK based Punjabi Singer, became the first Punjabi singer honoured with Member of Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (MBE).The accolade was presented to him by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace in London . Earlier Malkit made it to Guinness World Records where he was listed as the biggest selling Bhangra artist of all the time. Malkit rose to fame with smashing hits like Gur Nalo Ishq Mittha, Tootak Tootak Tootiyan-Hey Jamalo and Punjabi boliyan Pinda Vicho Pind Sunida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17671545", "title": "Three booked for faking identity on I-T website", "text": "GURGAON: A resident of Sector 56 has lodged a police complaint against his former wife, father-in-law and brother-in-law for faking his identity on the Income Tax website with the motive of misusing his details.The three have been booked by police for violation of the IT Act after the complainant, Deepak, alleged that his ex-wife Preeti, along with her father and brother, created a fake ID on the income tax website and accessed his financial details.\"We have started investigating the matter,\" said inspector Pradeep Dangi, SHO, Sector 56 police station and the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17666405", "title": "MS Dhoni loses his pet German Shepherd", "text": "MS Dhoni sent out a series of tweets yesterday, mourning the loss of someone called Sam.\"On 7.12.12 I lost someone who was very dear to me. 9 yrs back wen she came I was not there, she was hardly 10 days old. I was busy, Playing cricket at jamshedpur but on the nxt off day came on my bike to ranchi just to c her. I was always busy with cricket since she came... But somehow she got really close to me. last 7 yrs I hardly spent any time with her. if I was home she won't leave even for a second... cd not even c her before she got buried. Her name was SAM. rest in peace.\"Sam was Dhoni's favourite pet, a German Shepherd. He also has a Labrador called Zara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17672347", "title": "Power scene to improve next year: CM", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The state may be passing through one of its worse power crisis ever but chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is hopeful of the power scenario in the state to improve by mid 2013.Interacting with media persons on Monday night during his three-day visit to the district as part of the Indiramma Bata programme, the CM said by the middle of 2013 the state was likely to have additional power supply to the tune of 5,000 MW from various new power projects, both coal and gas based, that are likely to be completed and commissioned.Blaming the current situation on the strength of the power grid he said there was surplus power in the North-East but the state was unable to source it as the grid capacity to the southern states was only 1300 MW. He said the capacity of the gird was being enhanced and once that was done there would be a significant improvement in the power shortage scenario.Clarifying on whether the Hinduja thermal plant in Visakhapatnam was a merchant plant, he said, it was not a merchant plant and the entire 1040 MW power generated by the plant would be made available to the state.The CM also said that the state government had worked out an elaborate plan to help the fishing and poultry industry. \"We have abolished the Nala charges, which was generating a revenue of Rs 450 crore for the state so as to benefit the fish farmers. We have a slew of offers in the offing for poultry farmers also. The idea is to improve their business and exports,\" he said.On the bauxite issue and on the tribal welfare minister Kishore Chandra Deo's letter to the governor, a diplomatic CM said the file had come to him, but he was too busy to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671725", "title": "Fast-track Mumbai's infra projects: MLAs", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government's arbitrary application of urban laws is hurting Mumbai's growth. Raising this concern, Mumbai legislators on Tuesday urged Maharashtra government to adopt a systematic approach to fast-track infrastructure projects to speed up development. A debate was held in the Lower House over allocation of supplementary funds to the tune of Rs 5,371 to various government departments including urban, revenue, forest and rural. Most MLAs who took part in the debate are believed to have a stake in several ongoing big-ticket projects.\"There are fears that CRZ norms, heritage rules, and other green conditions are halting Mumbai's development. The government must realize before implementation of the laws that the city's has no parks, grounds and space left, either to grow vertically or horizontally,\" said MNS legislator Nitin Sardesai. Pointing out to the pace of growth in other cities, he said that several projects in his constituency had slowed down.Demanding that the government find a correct balance between Mumbai's growth and the resulting environmental concerns, the legislators pointed out policy measures which, if not relaxed, would stymie progress of several projects. The government must have a re-look at existing coastal laws, cut-off deadline for slum structures, and implementation of the development plan (DP), the MLAs said.\"World-over mega cities grow in tandem with their public transport, urban infrastructure and other projects. But here in Mumbai, development is piecemeal. The datum line for slums has no relevance as these slums keeping coming up afresh. The floor space index (FSI) is being offered in a haphazard manner. The government must rethink its approach towards Mumbai's urban growth,\" said BJP MLA Mangal Prabhat Lodha.Shiv Sena MLA Ravindra Waikar, Congress's Kalidas Kolambkar and MNS's Shishir Shinde insisted that the government set up a committee to facilitate coordination between various civic agencies. \"As of today, we don't know which agency will execute major water projects, the ambitious coastal road plan and water transport. There must be greater clarity on all these issues,\" said Waikar.State urban development minister Bhaskar Jadhav assured the house that the government will look all the concerned issue sincerely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671779", "title": "Army chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Lanka trip to boost bilateral military ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing the upward trajectory in bilateral military ties with Sri Lanka, General Bikram Singh will be leaving for Colombo on Wednesday. Apart from top political and defence officials, the Army chief will also meet Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa during his four-day visit.Gen Singh will also be the chief guest at the passing out parade of the Sri Lankan Military Academy at Diyatalawa on December 22, apart from visiting other military establishments. The last visit by the Indian Army chief to the island nation was in September 2010.The Indian government is trying to strike a fine balance between larger strategic considerations, in the backdrop of China making steady inroads into Sri Lanka, and domestic political considerations because discrimination against Lankan Tamils by the majority Sinhalese in the island nation continues to be a hugely emotive issue in Tamil Nadu.Earlier this year, the UPA-II government had been forced to shift 27 Sri Lankan military personnel being trained at the Tambaram airbase near Chennai to neighbouring Karnataka after political parties in Tamil Nadu had kicked up a ruckus.Though India trains soldiers from several countries, ranging from the Maldives, Mauritius and Mongolia to Botswana, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan, the facilities extended to Sri Lanka are much more. Around 800 to 900 Sri Lankan military personnel are trained in different Indian military establishments every year.The Indian Military Academy at Dehradun, for instance, has even run `special courses' to train hundreds of `gentlemen cadets'' from Sri Lanka. India has trained thousands of Sri Lankan personnel over the last several years at its military institutions ranging from Counter-Insurgency and Jungle Warfare School at Vairengte (Mizoram) to School of Artillery at Devlali (Maharashtra), apart from providing specialised naval courses in gunnery, navigation, communication and anti-submarine warfare.Even when the Lankan forces were earlier battling the LTTE, India had provided some largely defensive military equipment like L-70 guns, battle-field surveillance radars, Indra-II radars and mine-protected vehicles to Colombo. The two nations had also cooperated in intelligence sharing and undertaken `coordinated' naval patrolling.Continuing with this diplomatic and military engagement, India and Sri Lanka in September-November, 2011, had also held their first major naval combat exercise \"SLINEX-11\" in six years, with a total of 16 warships off Trincomalee. The Indian Navy, in recent times, has also done hydrographic surveys and salvage operations for Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670479", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWhy talk of only Delhi when Patna too unsafe\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PATNA: Patna does not report as many incidents of rape as Delhi, but is Bihar capital safe for women to live in? Patna University Students' Union general secretary Anshu Kumari says a big \"no\" as her answer to the query.\"Why do you want me to talk about the gang rape in a bus in Delhi?,\" fumed the newly elected PUSU functionary.According to Anshu who is an inmate of the GDS Girls' Hostel, there are 200 and odd girls in these 'internal hostels', including the GDS, situated near the Krishna Ghat. The boys make it impossible for the girls to venture out of the hostels after the sunset. \"The boys even throw stones at the girls' rooms,\" she said and added the fact that the area did not have street lights made the task of the hooligans easier.Anshu alleged repeated pleas to the varsity authorities for action had fallen on deaf ears. \"Will they wake up after a rape happens?\" she asked.Patna Women's College's Shagun Singh (name changed) has a similar story to narrate. \"Eve-teasing at the Patna high court roundabout is so commonplace... While I have been brave enough not to give up, many of my friends come back crying to the hostel and vowed not to use that route again,\" Shagun, a boarder of the hostel on the college campus, said.State Commission for Women member Chandramukhi Devi, who took up the cudgels on behalf of the victim of gang rape in a Rajvanshi Nagar-Patna flat in June, is not satisfied that the boys who defiled the Class X girl have been behind bars since July. \"How much time it will take for the victim to get justice; for the culprits to get the punishment?\" she asked and vociferously demanded speedy trial of all the rape accused across the country.Most of the girls TOI spoke to were furious so much so that they were almost unanimous in their demand for \"Arab countries-like justice delivery system\" which allows shooting the offender in full public view. The others wanted the rapists to be socially ostracized.\"They must be made to move with a radio anklet with people casting dirty looks on him,\" said PU student Diksha Singh.Psychological counsellor Varsha Singh too feels rape is a menace. \"Public punishment will hit not only the rapist psychologically but also the prospective wrongdoers too. A rapist should be paraded in public. It would shame him the worst and do a better job than the monotonous punishment,\" she said and even suggested chemical castration, which involves medication that reduces the sex drive in men, as a punishment for rapists. Though this does not have a permanent effect, at least it would shake off their 'I-can-get-away-with-it' attitude, she said.Magadh Mahila College's head of sociology department Renu Ranjan, however, doesn't approve of public punishment.\"But the perpetrators must not be spared; even the policemen who look the other way during or after such a crime should be punished,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolaghat (east midnapore)", "code": "17671834", "title": "Kolaghat mess exposes Trinamool Congress rift", "text": "KOLAGHAT (EAST MIDNAPORE): Trinamool Congress toughs stormed the construction site of the new Kolaghat bridge for the second day on Tuesday, bringing work to a halt.When TOI met local Trinamool MLA Biplab Roy Chowdhury - the man responsible for the stop-work for two days - and Michael, his henchman, at the Kolaghat BDO office in the afternoon, the MLA was unfazed.He readily admitted that it was his men who had throw a spanner in the works. \"Suspension of work for a couple of days is not a matter of major concern. The company is paying workers Rs 13 less than the prevalent rate. They are cheating the poor workers. So we stopped work to teach them a lesson,\" said Roy Chowdhury.On Monday, the MLA's men had allegedly threatened officials of the Arvind Techno Engineering Pvt Ltd, the firm handling the project, bringing work to a halt.Senior project manager Jayshankar Singh had lodged a complaint with police on Monday evening, hoping to resume work under protection. However, when workers reported for duty on Tuesday, Trinamool activists - led by Michael - forced work to remain suspended.\"They threatened to throw us into the river if we didn't stop work,\" said Uttam Das Adhikari, a site supervisor, who hails from Contai in East Midnapore.\"One of them identified himself as Michael and said they were acting on the instructions of local Trinamool MLA Biplab Roychowdhury,\" said Singh. He sent a liaison officer, Sanjay Kumar , to meet the MLA and sort out the problem but Roy Chowdhury turned him back, asking him to return \"late in the evening\". \"We spoke to SP Sukesh Jain, who assured that adequate steps would be taken to ensure work resumes,\" said Sanjay.\"We are working 24x7 to meet the deadline. Even a single hour's delay is of concern to us. The loss of two days is critical,\" said Venugopal, an engineer.\"Michael and his men often make demands and create chaos. They are turning violent, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to function. They are pressuring us to engage their men at the construction site, but it's impossible in a project like this that demands skilled manpower,\" said Singh, adding that more than 70% of workers are from Bengal. \"Unskilled workers will not only put the construction in jeopardy, but are also more likely to get hurt in accidents.\"By then, word had got around of the presence of the media.Even as Biplab and Michael held up work, another group of Trinamool activists arrived at the site and shouted slogans in favour of the construction firm, taking everyone by surprise.This group owed allegiance to Tamluk MP and Trinamool strongman Subhendu Adhikari. \"We have a union among workers at the construction site,\" said Tanmay Metia, who claimed to be secretary of the \"Adhikari-backed union\".Dismissing the local MLA, Metia claimed that Roy Chowdhury had no connection with workers - a clear indication of factionalism in the Trinamool ranks.\"He (the MLA) might have some vested interest and is using goons like Michael who has never been a part of our organisation,\" said Metia. He said his union did not support militant activism and demanded punishment to those who had stopped work forcibly.As work resumed under police protection in the evening, local Trinamool leaders jumped to claim that work restarted because Adhikari refused to back the MLA. However, workers are still scared. \"A lot of time has been lost and workers are also demoralised,\" said Venugopal.The project manager was on the site to motivate the workers. \"Working in Bengal has been a bitter experience. Now, we realise why the previous company left midway. We will have to rethink our future projects in the state,\" murmured Singh.Construction of the 1.018km bridge over Rupnarayan is crucial to the state's economy as the current single-lane bridge is a major bottleneck on NH6. The old bridge is in such a bad shape that traffic has to be often regulated on one flank to repair the other. The new bridge is also delayed by almost a decade. Arvind Engineering is required to complete one flank within January 2013, failing which it has to shell out penalty of Rs 4 lakh per day.The bridge is being constructed on a build-operate-transfer basis with Nasik-based Ashoka Buildcon Ltd financing the project with the prospect of recovering the cost and earning profits from toll collection. VOX with pixJay Shankar Singh: senior project manager - Arvind Techno Engineering Pvt Ltd: \"for long these activists have been hampering our work seeking undue advantages. In future we will have to rethink to work in Bengal,\"Sanjay Kumar: liaison officer - Earlier we tried to sort out without making an issue. But this time they have beyond tolerance. MLA asked me to meet in the evening.Tanmay Metia: TMC trade union leader - Workers have no connection with the MLA. He engaged some hired goons for his vested interest. We will not support him. We are against of such militant activism.Uttam Das Adhikari: supervisor - TMC men led by Michel came and threatened us to throw into the river if we don't stop work. We fled from the site. Earlier also they put pressure on me to meet them at their office what I ignored.Biplab Roychowdhury: TMC MLA - I have stopped work to fight for the poor workers who were deprived by the company. Suspension of work for couple of days is not a major issue.Venugopal: engineer - Still workers are scared. We lost the pace of work. Definitely it's a major loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672857", "title": "Victims need visible support", "text": "NEW DELHI: The offenders of the Sunday gang rape case in the city must be brought to book at the earliest but, equally importantly, they must be condemned in their locality. At the same time, the victims must know that society firmly stands behind them through a visible display of community support, say eminent sociologists and clinical psychiatrists.\"The offenders must be condemned even by their neighbours in no uncertain terms. They must get to understand that their act has no social sanction or support,\" says consultant psychiatrist Avdesh Sharma.Social scientist Shiv Viswanathan says it is tragic that there is little or no community support for rape victims. As Sharma points out, there are few, if any, forums to discuss the anguish of family. \"Both the victims and their families are often stigmatised and face harassment . There is a general insensitivity to their plight. This human dimension to the problem is missed by most of us,\" he says.The savagery involved in the rape has shocked even medical professionals dealing with the case. A doctor was quoted saying that he hadn't seen anything so gruesome in his career. Sharma says that the incident has injected another layer of fear for any such victim. \"Apart from the fear of being tainted for life, is the fear that one could end up in a horrible physical situation too. A feeling of being completely unsafe is gradually creeping in the city,\" he says.The offenders were brazen, almost arrogant, about their act. They lifted their victim from the street from a well-inhabited part of south Delhi around 9.15 pm. They nonchalantly drove through the streets in the bus crossing three police pickets. Social scientist Ashis Nandy describes the whole incident as indicative of \"anomic behaviour with meaningless, sadistic violence\". \"The perpetrators of the crime seemed to be free-floating individuals filled with hate and frustration. They didn't have a target but were simply looking out for it,\" he says.Solutions are not easy. The perpetrators need to be shamed, not just punished, says Viswanathan. And justice must be sharp and quick. Sharma says a massive public outrage is mandatory. But it is also important to change mindsets. \"India is changing. And we must change the way women are objectified,\" says Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17670195", "title": "New Chepauk stands ready for Pakistan ODI", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras High Court has allowed the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) to use the three newly-built stands at the MA Chidambaram stadium at Chepauk here to accommodate more spectators during the December 30 ODI between India and Pakistan.The three stands - I, J and K - were not opened to public as the TNCA had not obtained the mandatory planning permission from the Chennai Corporation and safety clearances from other statutory bodies before building them.However, after police and fire safety clearances were obtained earlier this year, a division bench headed by Justice Elipe Dharma Rao on May 24 this year permitted the cricket body to build the three stands to be used for the last two matches of the IPL 5 played here.Citing this order, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Monday said: \"Considering the earlier order passed by the division bench on May 24 and the fact that a special leave petition against the order was dismissed by the Supreme Court, and taking note of the importance of the event, we deem it appropriate that the TNCA should be permitted to open I, J and K stands for the public.\"Directing the city traffic police to regulate vehicle parking, the judges said the association should indemnify the authorities from any damage or claims that may occur on account of the permission to use three stands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17672221", "title": "Italian naval guards may not return if released: Kerala govt", "text": "KOCHI: The state government contended on Tuesday that if the plea of the two Italian naval guards, accused of fatally shooting two Indian fishermen on February 15, to visit Italy during Christmas is allowed by the Kerala high court, they may never return.Director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali argued that since a criminal case was pending against the marines-Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone - in Italy they might be held there, resulting in the trial in Kerala being jeopardized.The state government also suggested that Italy approach the central government through diplomatic channels instead of going to the court for the temporary release of the marines, who are currently barred from leaving Kochi.The state government contested Italy's claim that it would ensure return of the marines by pointing out the Italian government was itself a petitioner seeking to quash the FIR against the marines and hence lacked the necessary motivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17672122", "title": "Tenants' nod too needed for land acquisition: HC", "text": "Justice Nooty Ramamohana Rao of the AP High Court on Tuesday declared that the tenant was also entitled to notice if the civic authorities sought to evict them from a premises for the purpose of acquiring the land for road widening and for any public purpose. The judge allowed a batch of writ petitions filed by V Janaki Hyma and seven others questioning the action of the municipal authorities in seeking to evict them. Justice Ramamohana Rao pointed out that it was clear that consent from the occupants was mandatory. He ruled that in the absence of such consensus, the civic authorities were free to take recourse to acquisition proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670415", "title": "20-year-old loses control, rams car into 2", "text": "MUMBAI: A police constable and a pedestrian were injured after a 20-year-old motorist knocked them down and then rammed the vehicle he was driving into a parked car near New Police Colony, Mahim, on Monday.Locals nabbed the driver, Nagendra Pujari, a college dropout, before he could flee and handed him over to the Mahim police.Eyewitnesses called the police and immediately took the victims\u00e2\u20ac\u201dMahim resident Bhakti Tandel (30) and constable Dnyandev Shinde\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto the Raheja Hospital. Bhakti suffered an ankle fracture and Shinde a fracture on the left leg.The police said that Pujari lost control of his vehicle while taking a sharp turn near Raheja Hospital. \"Pujari, a Mahim resident, has told us that he stepped on the accelerator accidentally instead of the brakes , which led to the mishap. Pujari was driving his brother's car to check whether he could maneuver through busy lanes,\" said the investigators.The incident took place around 10.30am after Pujari convinced his brother, who runs a travel agency, to let him take the car for a drive.\"Pujari lost control over the car while taking a sharp right turn and went on to hit Tandel and Shinde. The car stopped after it rammed into a parked car,\" said sub-inspector U H Mali.Mahim senior inspector Dashrat Patil said Pujari is a college dropout and does part-time jobs. \"The accused possesses a licence.The constable who was hit had been on sick leave and was on his way to a hospital to undergo some medical tests before resuming work when he met with the mishap,\" said Patil. Pujari has been booked under sections 279 (rash driving), 338 (grievous hurt by act endangering life) and 427 (mischief) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673131", "title": "Accounting to be double entry soon: D'Souza", "text": "PANAJI: Urban development minister and deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza on Tuesday said that despite the reluctance, the government will push municipal councils in Goa to implement the 'double entry accounting system' at the earliest as directed by the Union ministry of urban development.D'Souza said that the new system will lead to better financial management, transparency and self-reliance in Goan urban local bodies.Speaking to TOI, D'Souza said that failure on the part of the municipal councils in Goa to migrate to the double entry accounting system has resulted in the councils being unable to avail of central funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).D'Souza said the conditions laid down by the Union ministry for urban development conditions to avail of the JNNURM funds include capacity building of the municipal councils and switching over to the double entry system of accounting. \"Until our councils comply with these conditions, the Union ministry will not release the funds. I am working on this. We have to pressurize our municipalities to follow the new system,\" he said.Asked whether it was physical infrastructure or the lack of will that was hindering the switching over to the new system, D'Souza said it was the \"mostly the lack of will\". \"Nobody likes change. It is a computerized system. Most of our accountants are used to the earlier manual system and we will have to send them for training,\" the deputy chief minister said.While stating that some capacity building in the municipalities is required before the new system is implemented, D'Souza said, \"But we have to do it. There is no other option.\"The accounts of the urban local bodies in India have traditionally been maintained on cash-based single entry system of accounting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17671661", "title": "Cold claimed 43 lives in 2 years", "text": "GURGAON: After the Lok Sabha recently sought a reply from the Gurgaon administration on the cold wave death toll during the past couple of years and the Meteorological department predicting severe cold conditions this year too, the district officials have pulled up their socks to ensure that there are enough night shelters for the homeless.According to a report prepared on the basis of post-mortems conducted by forensic expert Dr Deepak Mathur, the cold wave claimed 43 lives in Gurgaon during the past two years - 2010 and 2011. The people who had died due to intense cold conditions in the district were homeless. A health department official said the report was prepared after it was sought by the Lok Sabha and the district authorities were directed to take the night shelter issue on a priority basis.As per the norms, the night shelter inmates must have identification cards and must not hold a regular job. However, the norms were grossly violated as locals in connivance with contractors manage to stay there. They even consume liquor and drugs there, making it difficult for others using the facility, informed a source.Meanwhile, another source claimed that there have been complaints about the way night shelters were being run in the state.\"There were serious irregularities in supply of food to the inmates among several other malpractices. After the irregularities were detected during a surprise inspection, the MCG had complained against the contractor and other persons concerned,\" an official confirmed.Earlier this year, the Supreme Court had asked different state governments to take immediate steps to ensure nobody dies because of the cold weather.The court had observed that a night shelter should have beddings, potable water, heating system, electricity, emergency medical facilities and separate toilets for men and women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673148", "title": "Civic body to explain BRTS project to citizens", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has decided to explain to the common people and political workers the necessity of extending the BRTS project in the city.In January 2011, the civic standing committee approved a proposal to implement the BRTS on 27 more roads at a cost of Rs 98 crore. But the project has not made any progress as the political parties have strongly objected to extension of the BRTS that was supposed to be completed by March this year.On Saturday, the civic officials held discussion on the BRTS and explained the project details to citizens. \"We also plan to hold talks with political parties and convince them that the BRTS is the best option available for the city,\" a senior official said.Last year, the PMC decided to implement the BRTS on Tilak, Bajirao, Shivaji, FC and JM roads. The plan was to implement the BRTS in the first phase on roads which have been widened to 36 metres. Such roads will have dedicated BRTS while those which cannot be widened up to 36 metres will have mixed BRTS.\"We have halted the project as political parties and civic groups have expressed reservations over the project. But we have to implement the project as the PMC has committed the central government to start BRTS across the city,\" the official said.Political parties argue that the PMC has failed to implement the pilot project successfully and there was no guarantee of success of the BRTS in Pune. The ruling NCP-Congress alliance and the opposition BJP, Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena are following the popular view that the BRTS would be disastrous considering the volume of city traffic. All parties contend that the BRTS will add more congestion to the already choked roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17672750", "title": "Backed by John Kerry, US aid to Pakistan flows again", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has resumed bankrolling Pakistan with American tax dollars despite the unstable country ramping up nuclear weapons production and its political leadership paying little or no taxes.The Obama administration has reportedly sent to the Congress on December 7, Pakistan's tab for a $688 million payment that constitutes Islamabad's bill for deploying its troops and providing infrastructural support to the US in its war in Afghanistan.The payout, going through without any protest or discussion in Washington, is said to be the first since summer this year, after payment of the so-called Coalition Support Fund (CSF) was suspended amid worsening ties between the two countries due to the raid that killed Osama bin Laden last year and the Salala attack that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers. The Obama administration has ostensibly felt the need to buy Pakistan's support for its upcoming draw-down from Afghanistan despite serious misgivings in Washington.Non-proliferation circles have been replete in recent days with reports of Pakistan's \"reckless\" drive towards deploying (small) tactical nuclear weapons, which arms control advocates feel will be easy for jihadist groups to intercept or hijack during their transportation to battlefield stations.More recently, there has been outrage among regional analysts at media reports from Pakistan that the country's political leadership and elite mooch off the US but themselves avoid paying taxes. A recent study produced by a Pakistani investigative think tank revealed that 60% of country's cabinet and two-thirds of federal lawmakers did not file tax returns last year, a scroll of shame that reportedly included the President, the finance minister , and the foreign minister.\"The problem starts at the top. Those who make revenue policies, run the government and collect taxes have not been able to set good examples for others,\" the study titled \"Representation without Taxation\" produced by the Centre for Investigative Reporting and widely cited in the US, was quoted as saying.Regardless, Pakistan has powerful supporters in Washington who have pressed for ladling out US tax dollars in the belief thatAmerica needs to remain invested in the country, none more than Senator John Kerry , President Obama's putative secretary of state. Kerry was the co-author of the so-called Kerry-Lugar-Berman law which authorized a five-year $7.5 billion payout to Pakistan subject to a slew of conditions and caveats.Few of those conditions, including rolling back the promotion of hatred and bigotry through official texts, tracts, and laws and access to nuclear proliferator AQ.Khan, have been met, but evidently Washington has had enough of leaning on Pakistan given the exigencies of withdrawing from Afghanistan. In fact, Islamabad has gone a step further in poking Washington in the eye by mainstreaming AQ Khan into politics and incarcerating a doctor who helped the CIA eliminate Osama bin Laden.Kerry, who even the liberal New York Times, which first reported the resumption of CSF funding online, said \"has frequently served as an envoy to Pakistan, including after the killing of Osama bin Laden,\" has been a key principal in the making of the Pakistan policy. \"Kerry's nomination (as secretary of state) would be welcomed in Pakistan, where he is seen as perhaps the most sympathetic to Pakistani concerns. He has nurtured relationships with top civilian and military officials, as well as ISI, Pakistan's intelligence agency,\" the NYT said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17673229", "title": "Colourful treat for Steel City picnickers", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Picnickers planning to drop by Dimna Lake this winter have something to look forward to as large flocks of migratory birds have started to arrive in the Steel city. Various species of birds from Baluchistan, Myanmar, Russia, sub-arctic northern Europe and the Himalayan region stop over by the lake as they head to warmer climes down south when it is winter in the northern hemisphere.The winged guests usually reach the area towards the end of December, but with the early onset of winter in the northern hemisphere this year, hordes of exotic species - including Red-headed Bunting from Baluchistan, Wage Tail from Russia, Cotton Teal and Brahminy Duch (commonly known as Lalsar) from the Himalayan foothills - have made an early landing this time around.Scarcity of food in the snow-affected areas and unbearable cold conditions drive the migratory birds millions of miles away. The migratory birds will stay here for nearly four months before flying over to other destination. \"We are likely to see more species arrive as the temperature dips further in the coming weeks,\" said Professor K K Sharma, senior functionary of the Jharkhand and Bihar chapter of Ornithology Society of India. He expects species like Whistling bird, Porter bird, Grey Horned bird, Common Pochard, Ruddy Shelduck and Gadwall to reach here over the next fortnight. Sharma added that the majority of these birds come from northern Asia and the Himalayas to protect themselves from the cold.The presence of the migratory birds can also be seen at Jubilee Lake and Zoological Park. Interestingly, the availability of food - stuff leftover by picnickers - gives enough reasons for the birds to hang around in these areas. \"The Dalma hills has always been a safe haven for migratory birds. Availability of food is an added advantage for them,\" said A K Prasad, a keen birdwatcher.Picnickers who recently visited Dimna Lake, the most popular leisure spot in the city, are delighted on finding these birds. \"We reached the lake in the early morning hours and found several species of birds in the area. It was indeed very pleasant to watch them,\" said M K Jha, a Tata Steel official, who recently visited the lake with his family. Children, in particular, are enthralled by the sight of these colourful birds. \"I have recorded the flight of the birds in my camera,\" said 13-year-old Stephen John, resident of Sahara Apartment, Kadma.Dimna Lake is an artificial reservoir and one of the main sources of drinking water for Jamshedpur. Situated 13km from the Steel City, it is nestled at the foot of the Dalma Hills. Constructed by the Tata Steel Industries, it is a vast lake surrounded by huge mountains, and a very popular weekend retreat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17672109", "title": "Brutally beaten by teacher, 16-year-old dies", "text": "VARANASI: Santosh, a class X student of a private intermediate college died after being brutally beaten by his teacher, Rajkumar in Kone police station area of Sonebhadra district on Tuesday. The accused teacher was arrested after a massive protest by local residents.According to reports, Santosh, a native of Kudwa area, was a student of class X in an intermediate college in Salaiyadih area. When he reached college on Tuesday, Rajkumar allegedly thrashed him brutally. The incident brought the college authorities on their toes and doctors were called on the campus to treat the boy.However, Santosh died during the course of his treatment. News of the incident spread like wildfire and hundreds of natives of Kudwa and nearby areas gathered near the college gate. They blocked the Kudwa-Kachrahwa road for more than four hours. Situation normalized there following the intervention of senior officials of district administration and police. Taking serious note of the incident, police arrested Rajkumar, confirmed the acting SP of Sonebhadra, LB Maurya. The reason behind this brutal act is yet not clear.Robbers' menace on Varanasi-Shaktinagar highway: Apart from killing a truck driver, a group of robbers attacked many other persons in a loot bid in several kilometer area along Varanasi-Shaktinagar highway near Awai under Chopan police station in Sonebhadra district on Monday night.According to reports, initially the group of eight miscreants raided two houses and two coal shops in Awai area where they looted cash and valuables. Afterwards they raided a Dhaba (food outlet along the highway) where they attacked many persons in a loot bid. On seeing their activities, truck driver, Shyam Sundar Pal tried to leave the Dhaba with his truck. But the miscreants opened fire on his truck to stop him.After compelling Shyam to come out of his vehicle, the miscreants demanded money. When he denied having money in his pocket, the miscreants attacked him with an axe. He died on the spot. The miscreants stopped a pick-up van and looted a trader, Vijay Prasad Tiwari. They took away his mobile phone and cash worth Rs 8,000. The miscreants attacked him with axe and fled from the scene.Despite getting the information, the police reached the incident site around 6am on Tuesday. As per the police records, patrolling duty is conducted round the clock on the highway but no patrolling team moved through this road on Monday night while the cops, who were deployed at picket point, about two kilometers away from incident site, also avoided visiting the site. A case was registered in this connection against unidentified miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671276", "title": "Five booked for kidnapping", "text": "NAGPUR: Sakkardara police have registered an offence of kidnapping against five persons, including a minor, for allegedly abducting and assaulting a 21-year-old youth. The accused were learnt to have thrashed the youth after forcibly taking him to a desolate place in their car. The minor has already been rounded up.Chaitanya Somkuwar, a resident of Juni Somwari quarters, had slapped Ghanshyam Meshram during Navratri for creating ruckus while playing carom. Meshram, enraged over the incident, wanted to teach Somkuwar a lesson. He came prepared with his friends, identified as Ritesh Tomaskar and others, to thrash Somkuwar.Police said Tomaskar had brought a car in which Meshram, Shailesh Ingole and Rahul Kople forced Somkuwar to sit in. They took Somkuwar to Besa where they thrashed him. One of the accused also bit Somkuwar on his shoulder. They brought back an injured Somkuwar to his locality and left him near a relative's house. The kin took Somkuwar to hospital before informing the cops. Police said rest of the accused would be taken into custody soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673055", "title": "Path breaking initiatives needed in edu sector: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Emhasising the need to educate more women, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday said the education sector should be strengthened along with other development initiatives in the state. Akhilesh was addressing a Minority Rights Day function at the Ram Manohar Lohia Law University here. The CM also distributed cheques of Rs 30,000 each to beneficiaries under the \"Hamari Beti, Uska Kal\" scheme at the function. The government also distributed cheques worth Rs 72.5 crore to over 24,000 beneficiaries across the state on Tuesday. Senior ministers gave away the cheques in other parts of the state.Saying that the existing education infrastructure in UP, including the network of government-run schools, was far from satisfactory, Akhilesh said the government needed more path breaking initiatives in the education sector to cater to state's large population. Highlighting the significance of distributing cheques to women beneficiaries on Minority Rights Day, Akhilesh said his government was committed to promoting literacy and education among all.Focusing especially on the poor rate of literacy among the minority communities, the CM said the government was working on building more education programmes to target the youth and girl children. Saying it was unfortunate that girls from the Muslims community had lagged behind in education, he expressed confidence that with schemes likes Kanya Vidya Dhan and Humari Beti Uska Kal more women would be able to pursue higher education. On Tuesday, Akhilesh also distributed cheques of Rs 30,000 each to girls of the economically weaker sections, who have passed class 10, to facilitate higher education. Apart from distributing cheques to students from Barabanki and other districts of the Lucknow division, Akhilesh also released a booklet on schemes started by SP government for the welfare of minorities.Addressing beneficiaries, Akhilesh said he was hopeful there would be tangible benefits of such government-run schemes.Reiterating his government's resolve to fulfill all poll promises, Akhilesh said they were taking up each poll promise in a step-by-step manner despite financial limitations. Accusing the previous Maya regime of having plundered the state government coffers for building statues, monuments and stones, Akhilesh said his government was focused, instead, on making UP progress. Though he refrained for justifying the delay in distribution, the CM also said his government would soon distribute free laptops and tablets to meritorious students and added the software on the gadgets could be used in Hindi, English as well as Urdu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "warangal/hyderabad", "code": "17672049", "title": "TRS, YSR Cong activists clash", "text": "WARANGAL/HYDERABAD: The turf war between the TRS and YSR Congress spread in the Telangana region on Tuesday with the two groups clashing in Warangal and Hyderabad. This was followed by a war of words between the leaders of both the parties amid signs that the animosity will grow in the coming days.In protest against the criticism of their leader Konda Surekha allegedly by TRS supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao, about 200 YSR Congress activists staged a dharna outside the TRS office at Nakkalagunta in Hanamkonda and burnt the effigy of KCR. TRS sources claimed that KCR's outburst against Surekha was in response to her criticism of their boss a day earlier.Chaganti Ramesh, a TRS youth wing activist, suffered minor injuries when one of the activists of the YSRC accidently poured kerosene on him while trying to set fire to the effigy of KCR. Ramesh had a miraculous escape as the flames were immediately put out.In retaliation, TRS workers while going towards the Housing Board Colony area threw stones on a four-wheeler parked in front of the gas agency office of Ch Srinivas Reddy, YSRC district president. As information spread about the YSRC protest in front of the TRS office, hundreds of students and youth wing activists of TRS once again rushed to the TRS office to stage a protest in front of Surekha's house. Meanwhile, the Subedari police registered cases against Konda Surekha, her husband Konda Murali and a local leader for their involvement in arson and trouble.Within hours, the clash in Warangal spread to Hyderabad after a few YSR Congress supporters marched towards Telangana Bhavan, the TRS headquarters, on Tuesday afternoon. However, police stopped the protesters near Indo-American Cancer Hospital. But in the meantime, a few TRS supporters got wind of the approaching YSR Congress activists and rushed to challenge them. The two groups then clashed verbally and the police detained 26 YSR Congress supporters.By the evening, the clash turned into a war of words between leaders of the two parties. Konda Surekha, former MLA and YSR Congress leader: \"I stand by my statement that because of KCR's self-centered politics, hundreds of Telangana people had committed suicide. And I accept his challenge that if he is ready to commit suicide, then I and my husband are ready to kill ourselves in front of Congress president Sonia Gandhi for the cause of Telangana.\"Bajireddy Govardan, spokesperson of YSR Congress, said: \"KCR's style of politics is divisive and provocative. YSR Congress is not for it. The TRS activists attacked our leaders in Warangal and burnt the effigies and Tuesday's incident was just a reaction to it.\"However, in response, Etala Rajender, floor leader of TRS in the Assembly, said: \"YSR Congress is encouraging the factionists in Rayalaseema style. Konda Surekha and her husband Konda Murali are known for their hooliganism, while Murali is a known factionist. Little wonder that these leaders are inciting violence and encouraging their followers to unleash terror. We demand that the state government take action against the perpetrators, and warn that if the police don't take action against them, then we would.\"TRS Medak MP Vijayshanthi said: \"We don't stand these Seemandhra rowdies. If they don't stop this, we would ensure that the YSR Congress is wiped out in the Telangana region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17673310", "title": "BSF protests shikar by Arab royals", "text": "JAISALMER: In winter, thousands of Houbara birds from cold countries come to the desert areas in Pakistan opposite the international border adjoining Jaisalmer-Bikaner without any inkling of the danger that lurks in the area. Teams of royals from the Arab countries camp here and hunt these birds. Since any type of firing near the international border is a violation of norms, the BSF had earlier sent a protest note to Pakistani Rangers. On Monday, a meeting was held with Pakistani rangers in Attari on the issue.Even last month the issue was raised by BSF at the Indo-Pak DIG level border meeting held at Munabao.Sources say members of the royal family hunt these birds with the help of dozens of specially-trained falcons. They are especially active at the international border adjoining Jaisalmer and Bikaner. SUVs equipped with modern communication gadgets chasing Houbara birds is a common sight.For 2012-13, the Pakistan government has issued 12 permits for around 815 trained hunting falcons. It includes two permits for 135 falcons for the royal family of Saudi Arabia , five permits for 200 falcons for Bahrain's royal family, two permits for 250 falcons for UAE and three permits for 230 falcons for royal families of Qatar . The Pakistan government has given most of the hunting permits to the royalty and allotted them different desert areas for it. Each permit allows 100 birds to be hunted.Sources say, these days Sheikh Abdula Bin Salem Al Khalifa, a royal from Bahrain is camping with trained falcons at Bahawalpur area in Pakistan opposite Nachna in Jaisalmer. Similarly, in the Shakhar and Sangad areas of Pakistan, UAE Sheikh Sultan Bin Khalifa Bin Jaiyad Al Nelyan and Sheikh Sultan Bin Jaiyad Al Neyan are camping.The royals pay the Pakistan government millions of dollars to let them hunt the bird as its meat is delicious and is an aphrodisiac.Last week, too, firing was heard near the international border opposite Nachna in Jaisalmer. A few days ago, there was firing in the area adjoining Shahgarh Bulj. After these incidents, the BSF sent a protest note to Pakistani rangers.On November 7, in a bilateral meeting held at DIG level at Munabao the issue of firing near the international border was raised. Deputy director of Pakistani rangers had assured then that such incidents will not be repeated. But still the firing continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671741", "title": "High court turns down contempt plea against Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court on Tuesday declined to initiate suo motu contempt proceedings against Mamata Banerjee for comments on the judiciary, but said the decision should not be seen as an approval of her statement and told the CM \"her speech should be laced with moderation\".A division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Joymalya Bagchi said, \"The chief minister didn't transcend the 'Lakshman rekha'. We decline to initiate contempt. However, the speaker is the chief minister of the state. Her speech should be laced with moderation.\"But while Mamata got a breather, Becharam Manna, a minister in her government, has some explaining to do on why contempt proceedings shouldn't be initiated against him. Mamata's remarks were made at a seminar organized at the state Assembly in August. Manna had spoken on the Singur judgment on December 2. The minister appeared before a division bench of Justice Pratap Kumar Roy and Justice Subol Baidya on Tuesday. The bench asked him to file an affidavit stating his side of the story and directed the lawyers who had moved the plea to file their affidavit within another week. The matter will come up for hearing after six weeks.Senior advocate Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharya had moved a petition in the high court praying for suo motu contempt proceedings against Mamata. The court had concluded the hearing on Monday and observed that the CM had made a general statement that was not aimed at any particular court or case. But Manna, the court said, had commented against a particular order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672519", "title": "Woman hit by police vehicle critical", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old woman feeding her two children in Saidapet was critically injured when a reversing police patrol vehicle hit her. The vehicle was backing up on to a ground in front of a private school when the accident happened.The children and three others who were sitting with the woman escaped unhurt. Saritha (28), an idly seller in Saidapet, was feeding her son Jayakumar, 10, and daughter Jayapriya,8, on the ground when the patrol vehicle, a Toyota Innova, in which three policemen were seated, entered the school ground. \"The school does not have a proper compound wall and the driver did not see the people sitting. Even after hitting her, those inside the car did not hear her cries,\" said Kumar, Saritha's relative. She was given 36 sutures all over her body at the Government Royapettah Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672118", "title": "Weekly drive to evict encroachments in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Henceforth, removal of encroachments will be a regular activity with the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and traffic police deciding to take up drives once a week. The drive will be taken up on identified corridors for the convenience of pedestrians.A decision to this effect was taken at a coordination meeting on Tuesday conducted by GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu with various departments including traffic police, Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;), Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL), Roads and Buildings (R&B;) department and other government agencies on issues pertaining to roads, modernisation of footpaths, shifting of electrical poles and various civic-related issues in the city.The commissioner instructed the officers to accord top priority for removing encroachments on pavements as the corporation was acquiring properties by paying Rs 60,000 per square yard in prime locations and they were being utilised by hawkers and shopkeepers. He also expressed unhappiness over overflowing sewerage water as they damage roads and asked the HMWS&SB; and GHMC officials to work out an action plan to curb such problems.The commissioner pointed out that there was good coordination while taking up COP-11 works and the same was not continued. He opined there was a need to have a proper coordination mechanism among the various government departments.Krishna Babu said chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy was particular about removing encroachments on footpaths and overhanging cables on main roads.He also pointed out that the Lok Ayukta had earlier directed the GHMC to take steps for removing overhanging cables. Additional commissioner of police (Traffic) CV Anand said that in spite of several requests made to the authorities for removal of electrical poles on main stretches and widened portions nothing had happened. The GHMC commissioner asked the officials to hold a special meeting of traffic police, GHMC and CPDCL to sort out the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672621", "title": "PIL against T Nagar car park dismissed", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court gave its green signal to the Chennai Corporation's plans to build a futuristic, fully automated multi-level car parking facility in front of T Nagar's Panagal Park, saying there was no move to either obstruct entry into or shrink the present size of the park.Passing an order to this effect on Tuesday, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, dismissed a public interest writ petition filed by social activist Traffic K R Ramaswamy. The Corporation plans to build a car parking facility at Bashyam Salai entrance of the Panagal Park. Assailing the plan, the PIL said it would block access to the park and obstruct people's free movement. He wanted the proposal to be scrapped.Additional advocate-general P H Aravindh Pandian, who represented the corporation, and government pleader S Venkatesh for the CMDA, denied the allegations and said it would ease traffic in the area.Noting that the administrative sanction for the project was issued on November 11, 2011 and that a consultant has already submitted a report, Aravindh Pandian said it would come up on a vacant area at Bashyam Street where vehicles are parked now. The Corporation adopted a resolution accepting the report on August 24, 2012, and it also approved the fixing of 30 per hour as parking fee for cars and 7 per hour for two-wheelers.Stressing that the facility was meant for general public and not traders, the Corporation told the court that its action against traders who had violated development control rules would continue. The judges also pointed out that the facility envisaged a lift system, wherein vehicles parked on a tray would be lifted and parked in a vacant slot automatically. Similar systems are in operation in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkatta, Ahmedabad and Pune.Recording the submissions that they do not propose to encroach the park, the judges said, \"we do not propose to interfere in the decision of the corporation of Chennai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672761", "title": "Mom hangs herself in front of toddler", "text": "BANGALORE: Frustrated over a family dispute, a 24-year-old homemaker allegedly hanged herself in front of her oneyear-old daughter in their Ramamurthynagar residence on Monday.Manjula Dilip Kumar , wife of Dilip Kumar, a carpenter from Bihar , often fought with her husband . Neighbours told police: \"Dilip wanted to buy some carpentry material He had no money and pledged Manjula's earrings.\"Manjula and Dilip married three years ago and adopted the girl child. '' The girl is the daughter of a close family member and Dilip adopted her saying he shall educate her,\" police said.On Monday morning, Manjula again fought with Dilip, asking him to get back her earrings . \"Manjula hanged herself from the roof soon after Dilip left for work. The incident came to light when a neighbour heard the baby crying and entered the house,\" police added.In another incident , a senior citizen allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the roof of his house in Sampangiram Nagar on Monday afternoon.Umpapathy, 64, took the extreme step when his family had gone to their hometown Kolar.Father of three married daughters, Umapathi was depressed , his wife Shyamala told police.A suicide note, written in Kannada and found in the house, read: \"No one is responsible for my death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17673413", "title": "Another welcome step by Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "The decision to allow the public into the Rashtrapati Bhavan premises on Sunday as well is another welcome step in the direction of democratising the place. For far too long, the complex that houses the President has been treated as if it were some monarch's residence. That was hardly in keeping with India's democratic ethos. The current incumbent, Pranab Mukherjee , is clearly not comfortable with much of the pomp and ceremony that smacks of a feudal or colonial order and it is nice to see him unravelling much of it and demystifying his office and the complex that contains it.Now, Rashtrapati Bhavan open to public on Sundays too", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17672307", "title": "Spl vending zones demanded", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Up in arms against the GVMC's attitude towards them, street vendors here demanded setting up of separate vending zones on the lines of a project taken up by the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC).At a meeting held on Tuesday, Pragada Vasu of the Association of Regional Tribal Development (urban wing) said GVMC had failed to constitute a town vending committee and conduct a survey of street vendors in the city.He said as per the Protection of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending Bill cleared by the Union cabinet, the authorities are supposed to provide alternate structures for street vendors without changing their location.All Orissa Roadside Vendors Association president Pratap Sahu said that , more than 3,000 vendors have permanent shops made by BMC in 56 vending zones across the city. He said the BMC first asked the association to conduct a survey and installed temporary stalls made of bamboo when the permanent shops were being constructed. This model can be applied in Vizag too, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675138", "title": "Ajith's accident video leaked", "text": "Ajith Kumar is currently shooting in Chennai for his movie with Vishnuvardhan which has Nayantara and Taapsee playing the female leads. A couple of stunt scenes are to be canned in the city.It is to be noted that the actor got injured in one of the stunt scenes that was being shot in Mumbai. Ajith got injured during the shoot, while doing a dare-devil action scene. Ajith met with an accident while doing an action scene of jumping from one car to another and got his right leg injured after it got jammed in the tyre of the car.Luckily Ajith had only minor bruises and the professional that he is continued with the shoot. Here is the video of the stunt scene that got leaked in which the actor got injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671589", "title": "PWD's shoddy patchwork exposed!", "text": "NAGPUR: Potholes on Katol ring road was asphalted a fortnight ago. But the tar has come off and the road has once again been exposed to potholes, posing threat to motorists.The state's Public Works Department has been spending lakhs of rupees on road works after nearly a decade. The government agency carried out repair of potholes on state highway just a fortnight ago. But the worsening condition of the road days after work has been done, has raised several eyebrows, with motorists questioning of the credibility of the department.NHAI owns five roads in the city collectively 43.60 km in length. State highway has two roads of 6.70 km, PWD has 42 roads of 112.87 km length, NMC has 46 roads of 107 km and NIT has 11 roads of 36.05 km length. Of 112.87 km length, PWD repaired few patches on the Ring Road.People living in North Nagpur were happy after the PWD took up the road repair works by spending Rs 70 lakh. The potholes and craters caused a very difficult ride for motorists especially during the monsoon. But the relief was short-lived as it was only patchwork being done in the name of asphaltation.\"We are unhappy with the state PWD's attitude for taking up asphalting some of the roads and neglecting others,\" said Ashish Shambarkar, a resident of Sadiqabad.Another motorist Abhiman Rajput said that the pothole patch-up work is done every year after the monsoon and it is the contractors who benefit the most and not the motorists.\"If two-wheeler riders are not careful, danger is imminent,\" said a motorist Deepak Dekate.The government had sanctioned Rs 8.50 crore for the repair of only 8.5 km stretch of Ring Road. But even the quality of the work was not maintained. Recently TOI carried out a story of substandard tarring of almost 500 metre patch. Senior officials of the department were not bothered to check the quality of works.Senior police inspector and in-charge of West Traffic zone M D Jadhav said that the road is in a poor state and is ridden with potholes. Vehicles plying to and fro to Katol Naka and Mankapur and other places have to pass through this rough stretch. Overloading of vehicles is also one of the reasons that causes damage to the roads, he said.Superintending engineer (PWD, Nagpur circle) V R Banginwar was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17671960", "title": "Gujarat court summons dead man", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A metropolitan court has summoned a dead man. The goof-up took place when the court issued summons to the man, instead of his son on a complaint of domestic violence.According to advocate Ghulam Sabir, who is involved in the case, Nilofar Banu filed a complaint with the Vatva police accusing her in-laws of domestic violence in October. She filed the complaint against her husband Mohammed Hanif Mohammed Hussain Tikdiwala, her brother-in-law Moahmmed Salim and her mother-in-law.Nilofar and Hanif were married three years ago, but the girl could not adjust to the joint family that lives in Raikhad area. She returned to her maternal home at Vatva and two years after leaving her matrimonial home, filed her complaint.As the complaint came to Metropolitan Court No 19, the court issued summons to the husband, Mohammed Hanif; and his mother, and his father Mohammed Hussain alias Bholabhai Tikdiwala. They were asked to report to court on November 27. When Mohammed Hussain failed to turn up, the magistrate inquired why he did not appear and was not represented by a lawyer. The lawyer submitted that the person had died much before Nilofar's marriage with Hanif. It was clarified that instead of issuing summons to Mohammed Salim , his father's name might have been written on the court document.When the court came to know about the issuance of summons to the dead person, it initiated the process of re-issuance. Further proceedings have been now scheduled on January 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17672923", "title": "Seven flee court in Jodhpur, 6 held again", "text": "JODHPUR: Seven prisoners of Jodhpur central jail fled from a court room on Tuesday morning when they were taken there for hearing in a case. The police, however, managed to arrest six of them by evening while a search was on for the seventh person till late.According to additional DCP Kailash Dan Ratnoo, nearly 90 prisoners were taken to the court on Tuesday morning for hearing in different cases. \"They were all kept in the cell of the court which has two gates, both locked. However, seven of them managed to break the lock of one gate and fled,\" said Ratnoo.There were no policemen at the gate through which the prisoners escaped. Ratnoo said that they managed to break the lock of the rear gate and 7 of them managed to fled. \"By then, hearing the commotion, the guards rushed to the gate and closed the gate,\" he said.Meanwhile, the entire police officials including the SHOs of all stations were roped in to search and re-arrest them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17673521", "title": "Tips for that perfect cuppa", "text": "MANGALORE: \"The right coffee is brewed out of the right blend,\" said coffee evangelist from Bangalore Sam Rozario while explaining about the fine art of coffee making at the Coffee Festival organized by Cafe Coffee Day at its premises here on Tuesday.\"Coffee needs to be consumed immediately after it is brewed and a delay will weaken its taste and quality,\" said Sam who is the winner of the India Barista Championship in 2009 and 2010.He said that the coffee grown in higher altitude regions taste better than others. \"The single origin coffee grown in Chikmagalur hills about 3,500 - 4,000 ft above the sea level has a rich fragrant and taste,\" he said. Sam, who had represented India at the Asian Barista Championship in 2010, also demonstrated various techniques of coffee making such as Expresso, French Press, Drizzle and Wake Up which produce coffee brewed out of different seed varieties like arabica, perfect and charge varieties.He advised coffee lovers to avoid mixing milk with coffee. \"Adding milk to coffee will neutralize the flavour and quality. Hence, serve it black always,\" said Sam, who has more than ten years of experience in coffee art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17673553", "title": "Multiple services under Hubli-Dharwad One roof", "text": "HUBLI: By facilitating easy payment of bills, Hubli-Dharwad One (H-DOne) centres have made life easy for residents of Hubli and Dharwad.H-DOne centres were introduced in the twin cities on the lines of BangaloreOne, with a view to make the process of payment of electricity bills, water bills, phone bills, property taxes and other bills hassle-free.This before, people used to wait in serpentine queues at the HDMC office for water bills, BSNL office for phone bills and Hescom office to pay electricity bills. But now, people can pay their bills at the nearest H-DOne centre.The centres have become a huge hit in the twin cities. So far the HDMC set up eight such centres. Going a step ahead, to help working women and housewives, who often visit Big Bazaar for shopping, the HDMC set up a H-DOne centre at Big Bazaar recently, which is also receiving good response. More such centres are on the cards.Services of multiple government departments and private companies are available under the HD-One roof. At present these centres are providing around 20 services along with seasonal services like university application forms, PUC application forms, election roll services and regular services like payment of water tax, municipal tax, Hescom services, BSNL, life and vehicle insurance, income tax and bus pass fees.Guru Joshi, a businessman of Basaveshwar Nagar said, \"I used to go to HDMC office to pay our bills. But now am paying at Akshaya Nagar H-DOne centre which is near to my residence. We usually go to Big Bazaar during weekends. So it helps us pay our bills easily,\" said Smita Patil, who works in a bank.Shashidhar Sarangamath, project manager of KarnatakaOne told TOI: There are plans to introduce services of issuing RC book to vehicle owners and book railway tickets from our centres. We will soon open two more centres at Padadayyanhakkal and Anandnagar in Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17671889", "title": "Speeding BRTS buses will now scream for help", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has taken a slew of decisions on road safety issues along the BRTS corridor. After the head-on collision of two buses near Ranip last month, Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL), the governing body of BRTS service claimed that the speed governing system will be strengthened for all buses in the corridor.According to the plan, a voice-activated speed governing system will be in place so even passengers can know when a driver is over speeding. AJL personnel in control rooms can also directly communicate with the bus driver. The second major concern was to minimize collisions with private vehicles at junctions along the corridor. \"For this, we will introduce a special red blinker at every junction so private vehicles who want to cross the road are warned of any approaching BRTS bus at a 70 to 100 metre distance,\" says a senior AJL official.Another decision the AJL committee took was regarding cameras at all BRTS stations. These will provide live feeds of passenger density and speed of buses arriving at the station. \"We realized that the buses didn't slow down at the station. We will fix the speed at 15 kmph, for a few meters before the bus reaches the stand,\" says the official.However, officials refused to comment on the quality of tubeless tyres that were procured for the new BRTS bus fleet. The Ranip incident where two BRTS buses had collided was because of a faulty tubeless tyres burst.\"We are waiting for the forensic department's report on the tubeless tyres. These tubeless tyres were bought because of their safety features, but the incident is one of the rare kinds,\" adds the AJL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17672664", "title": "Pokhariput bus terminal to usher in New Year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After several postponements, the state government has decided to make the under-construction OD (originating and departure) terminal of city bus service at Pokhariput operational from January 1, 2013.The state housing and urban development department (H&UD;) has instructed Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) to provide basic facilities at the proposed terminal by December 31, 2012. \"The remaining infrastructure needs to be completed by March 31, 2013,\" said a letter (copy with TOI) to BDA. \"Dream Team Sahara, operator of the city bus service, will start operations at the terminal from January 1,\" the letter said.Though BDA was entrusted with construction of the main terminal over five acre of land at Pokhariput, the project has been moving at a snail's pace. The authority has missed several deadlines, notwithstanding repeated reminders by the chief secretary and H&UD; secretary.Though the city needs 22 OD terminals, the government had announced to construct only 12. But, not a single OD terminal has been made operational till date.\"We hope the state government keeps its word this time. In the absence of OD terminals, we are forced to make idle runs and so far lost nearly Rs 45 lakh as all 95 buses have to return to the temporary bus terminal at Master Canteen after dropping off passengers at the last stoppage,\" DTS chairman Nishikant Mishra said. \"The diesel prices went up soon after we revised the tariff last month,\" Mishra said. A proposal seeking another rate revision has been sent to the state government, he said.While the Pokhariput terminal will be commissioned on priority basis, the H&UD; department has asked BDA to complete construction of the proposed terminals at Chandrasekharpur and Ghatikia by March 31, 2013. \"But BDA will have to provide minimum facilities at the two sites by February 1, 2013 so that the operator can use those terminals from the same day,\" the letter said.The urban development department has asked DTS to start using a government land at Sikharchandi for a terminal on Infocity route. \"DTS can construct temporary structures on the land belonging to IDCO. Construction of terminal would be discussed later in consultation with the corporation,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17672062", "title": "Inter students face acid test as pvt colleges lack labs", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The fate of over 12 lakh intermediate students is hanging in the balance as the state government decides to go ahead with the jumbling system in practical examinations from the current academic year itself.Scoring better in the practical examinations has become crucial for science students in particular, as they would have to face the national screening tests from next year for admission to professional courses, including medicine and engineering.The confusion over Neet (for medicine) and CET for engineering streams had upset the second-year intermediate students as they were left unprepared for both the modes till the end of the academic year. At this juncture, the government's decision to conduct practical examinations through jumbling system is adding to their woes as over 90% of the colleges in the state are not equipped with proper laboratories.While MPC students have to appear for practical exams in both Physics and Chemistry for 60 marks (30 marks in each subject), 120 marks are at stake for BiPC students, with all the science subjects carrying 30 marks each in the final year.Scoring maximum marks in practical examinations is important for the intermediate students as there is a 40% weightage for the overall intermediate marks in the national level examinations such as Neet. \"Every mark counts as we will be pushed out of the contest in getting seats in prestigious institutions if we score less at the national level tests. We are not worried about facing the exams, but about lack of facilities in the examination centres,\" said K Srivani, a BiPC student of a private college in the city.Interestingly, facilities at government colleges are relatively better than the private colleges. However, the share of government institutions is just around 15% of the total 3,500 junior colleges in the state.Although, the state government had been talking about introducing the jumbling system in practicals for the last 3-4 years, it could not ensure proper facilities in all colleges. According to information, many corporate colleges too do not have proper science laboratories. A few months ago, the state government hurriedly released about Rs.1.5 lakh to each of the government colleges to set up laboratories in order to conduct practical examinations in February next.The regional inspection officers of intermediate board never visited any of the private colleges in their jurisdiction to inspect the facilities with regard to the science laboratories. \"It may not be difficult for the colleges to set up labs now. But, what about the students' exposure to the tests? How can they face the annual examinations without any practice?\" Satyanarayana Reddy, a lecturer at government junior college asked.He alleged that the private corporate colleges have turned notorious in lobbying for postponement of the jumbling system without putting the proper facilities in place. He blamed regional inspection officers (RIOs) for turning blind to the poor facilities in corporate colleges due to various considerations and pressures. \"The government should taken a strong decision at the beginning of the academic year and not at the end as such hurried and half-handed decisions were causing lot of pressure on the students,\" observed academician P Nageswara Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670551", "title": "Schoolchildren suffer the most", "text": "PATNA: Ever seen the promptness of traffic police in issuing challans to rule offenders? Incidentally, they have hitherto failed to demonstrate the same efficiency in clearing the traffic snarls on city roads soon after the school hours are over.With the increasing number of school-buses, autos, school rickshaws and other private vehicles, all roads in front of schools like St Joshep's Convent High School, Mount Carmel High School, St Xavier's High School, Christ Church School, Notre Dame Academy, Loyola High School, Don Bosco Academy, St Karen's High School, RPS Boys High School, DPS, Litera Valley and DAV group of schools choke. Hundreds of schoolchildren are trapped in the traffic jams for hours, daily. Heavy vehicles like tractors and trucks also ply on the same routes during this period, flouting traffic rules with impunity.Inadequate number of traffic cops and lack of traffic signals are compounding the problem every day. SP (traffic) Chandrika Prasad told TOI, \"Our department is always alert and sensitive towards the problem being faced by schoolchildren.Mobile police have been directed to handle such situations. However, there may be some problem in specific localities. We will definitely try to solve it.\"A school student, Sonika Singh said, \"It is indeed a good initiative if traffic cops take on traffic violators but they should regulate traffic at all important crossings and intersections, especially after the schools' dismissal hours.\"Dhananjay Prasad said, \"Launching drives for traffic improvement is not a solution and traffic cops must realize the fact that their inadequate strength at every crossing is adding to the schoolchildren's woes.\"Another official of the district administration, however, said most of the schools in the city are located very close to the main roads. As a result, schoolchildren are deprived of their right to having a safe compound and environment where they can enjoy sports, recreational activities etc. This also leads to heavy traffic jams, he said. However, all said and done, children need immediate respite. Is anybody listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671766", "title": "Trinamool Congress, govt deny walkout by industrialist Pawan Munjal", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress has strongly denied that an industrialist walked out of Mamata Banerjee's meeting with business leaders at Delhi on Monday.Refuting reports in a section of the media that Hero Group CEO Pawan Munjal had stormed out of the meeting, Rajya Sabha MP Derek O' Brien said that the Hero CEO was not present at the meeting and the company was represented by joint MD Sunil Munjal.The latter, O' Brien pointed out, had a prior appointment and had informed finance minister Amit Mitra that he would be leaving at 7pm. \"He, in fact, left 25 minutes after that,\" O' Brien said. Industries minister Partha Chatterjee said: \"No one walked out of the meeting on the FDI issue, as has been written in some newspapers. Sunil Munjal was very much at the meeting till he had to leave for a prior appointment.\"\"The news carried in a section of the media about Munjal's walk-out is factually incorrect and totally misleading. There were 42 industry captains at the meeting from India Inc. and Pawan Munjal was not among them. The person representing Hero was Sunil Munjal,\" O' Brien said.Amit Mitra said Sunil Munjal was very disturbed by the report. \"I have known Sunil for 25 years. He had informed me that he had to meet the CII regional director and that he would be leaving early,\" Mitra said.Some city industrialists, who attended the meet, said the atmosphere was cordial and there were no uncomfortable exchanges as had been suggested in the media. \"Sunil Munjal did not walk out, he had a prior appointment. He has also given three-four proposals to Mamata Banerjee,\" said a leading Kolkata-based industrialist. \"I was quite impressed with Mamata Banerjee's direct approach to problem-solving,\" said another industrialist.Sanjeev Goenka, chairman of RP Sanjeev Goenka Group, said it was a constructive meet and that the CM has taken a good initiative. \"I hope the process of interaction with national industry will carry on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670501", "title": "Schools hold interviews under garb of counselling: Forum for Fairness in Education", "text": "MUMBAI: While discussions surrounding the Right to Education (RTE) Act have been going on for the past three years, its slow implementation has been questioned by many. Keeping in line with the RTE provisions, education minister Rajendra Darda announced in the legislative assembly on Monday that no schools in the state will conduct interviews during admissions.City schools told TOI that even though RTE mentions this rule and the government has been highlighting its compulsion for past couple of years, the practice was stopped long ago. \"Earlier, some schools used to conduct tests for children, which has stopped. Now we meet parents of the child only to understand their expectations from the school and to explain them the institute's rules and regulations. It is an informal meet between the school and the parents just to familiarize the candidate,\" said Ramakant Pandey, principal of Bansidhar Aggarwal Model School in Wadala.While some schools are still waiting to get a government notification and schedule to conduct pre-primary admissions, most have already started the process. \"We have distributed the admission forms and once the admission is confirmed, we meet parents to build a rapport. Most schools have stopped interviews,\" said M P Sharma, principal of G D Somani School, an ICSE school in Cuffe Parade.Activists and experts in this field, however, claim that parents and children are still being asked to sit through various 'forms of interviews'. \"Schools have renamed these interviews and call it 'counselling' now. We receive complaints from parents who have been asked questions about their income during such interviews. Why does the school need to know the parents' income?\" asked Jayant Jain, president of Forum for Fairness in Education (FFE).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674896", "title": "Dhanush's 'Raanjhna' reaches final schedule", "text": "Dhanush, whose composition Kolaveri di became a worldwide sensation, is busy making his Bollywood debut opposite Sonam Kapoor in Raanjhnaa directed by Anand Rai. The actor will be joining Raanjhnaa team for the final schedule of shoot which begins today.Dhanush tweeted \"A very good morning. Final schedule of raanjhanaa starts from today. Back to the holy city. Also thanks 4 making ethir neechal audio a big hit.\"Dhanush is also overwhelmed with the response of recently released Ethir Neechal album. The film marks his maiden production venture under his Wunderbar Films and music has been scored by Anirudh ok 'Why this Kolaveri' fame.Dhanush's other project ' Mariyaan ' is also inching towards completion. The actor will team up with Sargunam next for ' Sotta Vazhakutty '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17673344", "title": "Rally brings traffic to grinding halt", "text": "LUDHIANA: Traffic in city came to a standstill thanks to a rally organized by activists of various labour organizations on Tuesday. Long queues of vehicles including ambulances and police vans were witnessed on busy roads of the city. Commuters were stuck for hours on Jagroan Bridge, Ferozepur Road and Pakhowal Road, resulting in residents facing extreme anxiety.Amanpreet Singh, a businessman of Model Town, said, \"I was returning from railway station and heading towards home at around noon when I got stuck in the traffic jam. I was stuck for over an hour for a journey that hardly takes 10 minutes! Surprisingly, no traffic cop could be spotted along the entire stretch.\"Another resident and businessman of Phase II in Dugri, Virender Singh said, \"I had to go from Ghumar Mandi to Vikas Nagar when I got stuck in the traffic jam at Pakhowal Road area for about 45 minutes. Hundreds of vehicles, including ambulances and school buses, were stranded along the road and there was no one to clear the jam. Such situations expose the tall claims of authorities who claim to have solved the traffic woes of the city to large extent.\"Meanwhile, the traffic police officials attributed the traffic mess to the rally. A traffic police officer, who declined to be named, said, \"Before the rally we had suggested the protestors to hold the dharna in the open space near bus stand, but they refused arguing that their demands will not be taken seriously unless the public (commuters) are inconvenienced. As a result we had placed diversions but eventually the traffic got out of hand and we were unable to bring the situation under control.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671835", "title": "Vidarbha medical colleges saw several flip-flops by govt", "text": "NAGPUR: Though Vidarbha may finally get two more government medical colleges at Chandrapur and Gondia, they are coming after prolonged uncertainty and several flip-flops by the government. Though government had first announced setting up six new medical colleges in state including two in Vidarbha in 2010, the fate of those slated for Chandrapur and Gondia remained unclear for long.The government had first announced new GMCs at Nandurbar, Alibagh, Gondia, Chandrapur, Mumbai ( GT Hospital) and one place to be named later. Initially, there was plan of starting only one college in Gondia, the hometown of union aviation minister Praful Patel . When Chimur MLA Vijay Wadettiwar opposed this, medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit promised colleges in both the places.Gondia College was droppedfrom the proposal within a few days due to non-assertiveness of Vidarbha leaders whereas another was announced in Bandra later due to commitment of Mumbai legislators. The Gondia college was withdrawn on the pretext of lack of enough infrastructure whereas the city had the basic prerequisite of beds (200) in city government hospitals while Nandurbar and Alibagh did not have even that.The reality was that the then chief minister Ashok Chavan was not too keen on starting three medical colleges in the constituencies of NCP MLAs. Gavit had then told TOI that Gondia college was lost as the medical education department could not send the proposal to Medical Council of India in time. Later, however, both Gavit and Wadettiwar showed interest in bringing colleges in both Chandrapur and Gondia and the CM agreed.However, in January this year, again the state government dropped Gondia college and a new college was announced in Satara in its place and another one in Mumbai due to influence of strong politicians from the two areas namely Prithviraj Chavan and Suresh Shetty. Vidarbhaites now need to keep their fingers crossed as Gavit has announced clearance of both the colleges before the end of winter session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673021", "title": "Caning claims boy's life in Sonbhadra", "text": "LUCKNOW: A student of class 10th was allegedly beaten to death by his teacher in Sonbhadra district on Monday. The victim's father lodged a police complaint in connection with the incident after which the named accused was arrested and sent to jail on Tuesday.The incident was reported from Madho Singh Inter College in Salaiya Deeh village of Sonbhadra. Santosh, a student of class 10th was appearing for his home exams when the invigilator, later identified as Arvind Kumar Jaiswal - who also happens to be the brother of the school principal, reportedly pulled him up for occupying a seat in the examination hall that belonged to another student. When Santosh tried to explain that he was made to sit on the particular seat by another teacher, Jaiswal reportedly lost his cool and thrashed Santosh in front of his classmates.After being thrashed, Santosh made another attempt to explain to the teacher that he was not sitting on the particular seat by himself, but was asked to do so. The teacher got so agitated that he pulled out a cane and reprimanded Santosh till he started bleeding. The school authorities then rushed him to the district hospital and thereafter dropped him outside his house, despite the fact that Santosh was in a critical state.Once Santosh narrated the sequence of events before his parents, they rushed him to the hospital again, where he succumbed to his injuries later in the night. Thereafter, Santosh's father lodged an FIR against Arvind Jaiswal, who was subsequently arrested and sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673286", "title": "Teachers' strike affects 55L students", "text": "RANCHI: As many as 35,000 primary and secondary teachers and 85,000 para teachers of 41,000 government schools in the state went on a two-day leave from Tuesday to protest against the murder of the abducted teachers from Gumla.Though many students attended school, none of the teachers was present due to the mass strike, which affected about 55 lakh wards across Jharkhand.For many, it meant going hungry without mid-day meal. \"Teachers are on strike, we are not supporting it. If the students have come to school they will get food,\" said Kamal Kishore, cook at Hinoo United High School.The statewide strike was called after two teachers were abducted and murdered for not paying levy. Teachers under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan get funds from the state HRD department for construction of school buildings, mid-day meal and other services.\"After this incident, we are really scared and want ourselves to be free from all responsibilities other than education. We are all on a mass leave for two days and will start fast in front of the chief minister's residence from December 19 to 23,\" said Arvind Kumar, chairperson, All Jharkhand Primary Teachers' Association.As many as 500 teachers will participate in the fast on December 19 and teachers from Chhotanagpur block will start hunger strike first followed by those from Palamu, Dumka and Kolhan blocks, said Kumar. \"If the government does not accept our demand we will continue our fast,\" he added.However, some teachers were present for work wearing black badges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "madurai/chennai", "code": "17671848", "title": "Kanyakumari sailor abducted by pirates off Nigerian coast", "text": "MADURAI/CHENNAI: Yet another sailor from Tamil Nadu has fallen into clutches of pirates who roam the seas off the African coast. F Thomson Britto, a second officer on board a merchant vessel owned by German shipping company, has been abducted by pirates from a Nigerian port, according to his father, Francis Xavier.Xavier, who hails from Chinnathurai in Kanyakumari district, told TOI that Britto, 34, the family received a telephone call on Monday informing him that he and four other sailors are in the custody of pirates. Britto had reached the port of Abidjan in Nigeria on November 8. \"We received a telephone call on Monday saying he was kidnapped by pirates along with four others. He is the family's bread-winner,\" said Xavier, who is running from pillar to post pleading for help from the Indian authorities to save his son. He has requested the Union ministry of shipping and the ministry of external affairs to intervene in the issue. \"Britto is married and has an infant girl. We are deeply worried about his safety,\" Xavier said.Britto was recruited by a Mumbai-based agency, Medallion Marine Private Limited. The family has only a bare idea of the incident and is yet to receive any assurance from the director general of shipping about intervening in the case.This is the second case from Kanyakumari district as Danitson Antony, another sailor who worked on board the merchant vessel Asphalt Venture, continues to be under the captivity of Somalian pirates since his abduction in September 2010.A report of the Union ministry for shipping lists 43 Indian sailors of different vessels in the captivity of pirates, mainly off the Somalian coast. Twenty eight of the men were abducted this year. Families of these sailors have been pleading with the Union government to intervene in their rescue. They accuse DG, shipping, of turning a blind eye to the issue. They allege that the ministry's emergency helpline meant for distress calls from Indian sailors has not been working for several months.Manoj Joy, national coordinator, Sailors Helpline, wants the Union shipping ministry to put in place a system that makes DG, shipping, accountable when sailors get abducted by pirates. \"Many Indian sailors are in trouble since there is no blacklist of fraudulent shipping agencies that recruit sailors to unsafe vessels that sail on dangerous waters,\" said Joy. He said neither the agency nor the shipping company will help a sailor's family if he falls into the clutches of pirates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17671972", "title": "Cong protests Roshanpura rotary size change", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid protests from Congress workers, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) reduced rotary at Roshanpura square, where a statue of Jawahar Lal Nehru is installed. The rotary size is being reduced to widen roads under the bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor.Congress activists staged demonstrations in the afternoon arguing that the corporation did not discuss with the party before taking the decision of shifting the statue of their leader. Those who demonstrated included BMC council chairperson Kailash Mishra.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"We are not shifting the statue of Jawaharlal Nehru, but reducing the size of the rotary to widen the roads under the BRTS. The present size of the rotary will vary between 7 and 10 metres. The original size of the rotary was 30 metre.\"The presence of Mishra raised eyebrows of those watching the scene and BMC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671007", "title": "I did my best but could not protect her: Gang rape victim's friend", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"I did my best. Anybody in my position would have probably tried to save her. She was being assaulted in such a brutal manner. But I could not save her. They were too many,\" was all that the 28-year-old friend of the woman who was gang-raped could tell his father.\"I never imagined my son would dare to fight these brutes. I am proud that he tried his level best to save the girl but the father in me is scared. He too is badly injured,\" said an emotional father.Speaking to The Times of India, the 55-year-old Gorakhpur-based advocate broke down as he recollected the past 48 hours. \"Someone from Safdarjung Hospital called me up around 1 am on Monday morning from his cell. As it was an unidentified number calling up at an unearthly hour, my heart sank as I took the call. He told me that my son had met with an accident and that I should immediately come to Delhi.\"The father immediately left for Delhi in his car. \"I informed my relatives to rush to his help, drove all night and reached Delhi by 11am. I was shattered after seeing my son's condition. When they told me about the incident and the harrowing tale of the girl, I could not believe my ears. Were they human beings,\" he fumed.His son's brave act has surprised his father, who said he was always a reserved child who usually kept to himself. Rajesh completed his studies at a local school and went on to pursue his B.Tech from a college in Meerut in 2007. He bagged a job with an IT company and worked for a couple of years. At present, he was working part-time for a Noida-based IT Company and was preparing for civil services .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671384", "title": "Maharashtra Governor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s website hacked, over 800 cyber crimes in Mumbai so far", "text": "MUMBAI: Cyber criminals recently hacked the Maharashtra governor's official website, rajbhavan.maharashtra.gov.in. While the website is now up and running, the latest attack proves that criminals continue to operate with impunity in cyberspace.\"Last week, our office staff realized that the feedback section of the governor's website has been hacked. Immediately, the issue was brought to notice of the directorate of information technology (IT). The IT department has resolved the problem by removing the feedback section,\" said a senior official attached to governor K Sankaranarayanan's office. \"The website is regularly updated with latest news and pictures of functions attended by the governor. Also, important announcements are posted on the website. No data has been lost and no serious damage was done to the website.\"Asked if the removal of the feedback section would affect the functioning of the wesbite, the official replied in the negative. \"The feedback section is rarely used these days. Due to the availability of the direct email facility, most citizens communicate through emails. The changes in the website will not make much of a difference,\" said the official.According to the Union government, over 14,000 websites were hacked between January and October in the country this year. Of these, 294 websites belonged to different ministries and government departments. There has been an increase of 57% in hacking cases this year from 2009 when 9,180 cases were registered, according to the information tracked and reported by the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team.A cyber expert and former member of National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) said such issues can be avoided to a large extent by paying proper attention during website designing and hosting. \"Besides focusing on designing, one has to regularly conduct safety audits to verify the security of the website,\" the member added.Secretary of the state information technology (IT) department Rajesh Aggarwal said, \"To deal with cases of hacking, the department is ensuring that all websites are certified. Those handling the websites are being sensitized by the IT department on security issues.\"A cyber expert working in the corporate sector said that the number of sites hacked doesn't necessarily mean that an equal number of hacking cases have taken place. \"If a server of the service provider is hacked, then all the websites hosted on that server might get affected. Hence, number of sites hacked would always be higher than the actual number of hacking cases,\" the expert said.Minister of communications and IT Kapil Sibal recently informed the Parliament that the government has conducted six mock drills since November 2009 to assess organizations' preparedness to withstand cyber attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17672623", "title": "Yoga classes in US school trigger row", "text": "NEW YORK: A comprehensive yoga programme for young students at a California school has sparked a religious controversy with some parents expressing concern that the exercises might nudge their children closer to ancient Hindu beliefs.A small but vocal group of parents, spurred on by the head of a local conservative advocacy group, has likened these 30-minute yoga classes at Paul Ecke Central Elementary School to religious indoctrination.Underlying the controversy is the source of the programme's financing. The pilot project is supported by the Jois Foundation, a nonprofit organization founded in memory of Indian yoga teacher Krishna Pattabhi Jois, the New York Times reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672938", "title": "Soon, e-schedules at bus shelters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents can heave a sigh of relief as commuting is set to become lot easier. Electronic display boards about bus schedule information will come up at all bus queue shelters and at ISBT Sector 43. Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) will put the plan in place within 15 days. These boards will inform the commuters when the bus is scheduled to come at the stop. There are around 225 CTU busses plying in the city.Buses of CTU are already equipped with global positioning system (GPS) and now the display boards will be connected with it. GPS is a space-based satellite navigation system that provides location and time information in all weather conditions.CTU will implement the scheme in the entire city in two phases. In the first phase, bus queue shelters which are at important places and where frequency of buses is more will be covered. In the second phase, ISBT Sector 43 and the remaining shelters will be taken up. Out of total 250 shelters in the city, more than 50 will be covered in the first phase.Vikram Bansal, a resident of Sector 40, said he had to enquire about the buses from others while waiting at the shelter. \"Now looking at the board, I will know if my bus is coming and when,\" he added.\"All my worries are over. After reaching the bus stop, I will now immediately get to know about the time and need not have to take an autorickshaw assuming that bus might have left the stop,\" said Jagmeet Singh of Sector 22. Resident of Sector 46 Ruchika Khanna said that many times, she would have to wait for a bus which tested her patience.CTU general manager SP Parmar said that electronic display boards are the need of the hour and passengers will benefit from them. \"We will install tem by the end of this month or first week of January,\" said Parmar.Some of the bus queue shelters already have electronic display boards but they don't function properly. The tagline \"CTU welcomes you\" appears on it but timings of the buses are not there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672884", "title": "Aurangabad's water crisis mounts, civic body flounders", "text": "AURANGABAD: The financial loss burgeoning from water supplied through tankers due to shortage of water in the region have made it impossible for the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) to arrange additional tankers in the city.Unable to meet the rising demand of tankers, a large number of citizens remain affected, as the corporation has expressed its inability to solve the water problems.The deputy engineer AMC Uttam Shirsath said the corporation was already supplying water through 39 tankers in many localities but the number could not be increased. \"We don't have enough water available. Whatever we receive from Jayakwadi dam, we try to distribute it equally in all the localities,\" he said.\"If we try to distribute more water via tankers, the water supply through taps would get affected. The quantity of water supplied through taps is also not much and its supply cannot be disturbed,\" he added.He further added that due to subsidized rates, the corporation is incurring heavy losses. \"The corporation offers water to the citizens at subsidised rates. The actual annual cost of 200 litres of water per family once in two days is Rs 3,500 but we charge only Rs 2,000 per annum,\" he said.As per the norms, every citizen should get 135 litres of water every day but the corporation supplies only 200 litres water per family once in two days. This means that in a family of four each member gets 25 litres of water per day. It gives only one 200 litres water drum to the affected family.Citizens usually fill these water drums when the tankers arrive in their areas every alternate day. For this quantity of water, the citizens have to pay Rs 2,000 per annum.The scenario of water taps in the city is worse where the citizens get water once in three days for only 45 minutes.The corporation supplies water through taps in most of the localities but in some areas tankers are used for the purpose. Padegoan, Mitmita, Pethe Nagar, Misurwadi, Jahdavwadi, Bhagat Singh Nagar, Surewadi, Chatrapati Nagar, Jaibhavan Nagar, Gurudutt Nagar, Hanuman Nagar and Bharat Nagar are some of the localities where corporation is supplying water with the help of tankers. However, the quantity of water supplied through tankers in these areas is not enough.The corporation owns 11 tankers while 28 tankers from private agencies are being arranged. Out of the 39 tankers, 29 takers are of 5,000 litres capacity while 10 tankers have capacity to carry 10,000 litres of water. Each big tanker makes five trips a day and the small tankers make eight rounds in the locality.Groundwater use can change dry areas, says water expertHuge quantities of water was available underground, but due to lack of political will, it remained untapped, said Ken Howard , president of the International Association of Hydrogeologists on Tuesday.He was speaking at the inaugural session of the international conference on ground water management that started in the city on Tuesday.\"Most politicians all over the world have ignored the fact that ground water may contribute in prosperity of the regions facing water shortages. The focus of the policy makers is mainly on surface water,\" he said.A professor at University of Toronto at Scarborough in Canada, Howard said there would be more dependence on ground water all over the world in future.\"This reserve of water is more resilient as compared to water available on the surface,\" he said.He added that vision and long-term planning was needed to make use of ground water. \"But policy makers and people sitting at the helm of affairs have only five to six years in their minds while making strategies. We need to think of out-of- the-box solutions to use ground water,\" he said.Howard said studies have shown that use of ground water was safe.\"People have set examples in Libya , Saudi Arabia and South Africa where they have been using ground water effectively. He also said that huge quantity of water was available below the surface in Sahara dessert.According to him, 90 per cent of the total investment on conservation and usage of water all over the world was on surface water. Ground water did not get its deserved share.On whether the Marathwada region could benefit from ground water, he said the rule was applicable all over. \"If the local administration wishes, our organization is ready to share technical knowhow,\" he said.In a keynote address, Vijay Singh , another expert in the field said in many parts people were overexploiting ground water. \"India is the highest user of ground water and in Punjab and Haryana the dependability on water has crossed threshold limits,\" he said.Earlier, chairman of Maulana Azad Educational Society Fatma Rafiq Zakaria urged participants to conserve water. Many foreign delegates attended the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17673394", "title": "Security forces try to quash new BTAD outfit", "text": "GUWAHATI: Security forces in the state are trying to nip in the bud a new Muslim armed group that has emerged in the riot-hit Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD). Security forces came to know of the existence of the new outfit, which goes by the name of Muslim Protection Tiger Force of Assam (MPTFA), only on Monday after the arrest of two cadres along with arms and ammunition.Police said a 9mm pistol, five rounds of bullets, a magazine and 17 letterpads marked as 'press releases' were also recovered from them. The main motto of this organization is that for every Muslim killed in the BTAD, the group would kill five people of the Bodo community.\"We have the information about this new outfit. We believe it is still in a nascent stage and is not yet an organized group. There could be a few arms with the group,\" Assam Police additional director general (special branch) Khagen Sarma said.In a joint operation by police and the army's 2nd Rajput Regiment, two militants, Mofizul Haque (20) and Maseruddin Sheikh (28), were apprehended at Bhumrabil-2 under Gossaigaon subdivision on Monday evening.According to the police, the two militants belong to the newly-floated Muslim militant group in lower Assam.Security forces are trying to track down the new outfit. \"It could be just another group formed for extortion; it could also be a group raised by politicians ahead of the panchayat election or could actually be a militant outfit. We are trying to find the details,\" a security source said.Mofizul was arrested on the basis of intelligence inputs and during a search of his house, securitymen recovered a rubber seal with the designation of 'action commander'. Maseruddin Sheikh was later arrested from Howriapet area in Gossaigaon subdivision.The organization is believed to have close links with the National Santhal Liberation Army (NSLA), an Adivasi outfit active in the BTAD.The source added that Muslim fundamentalist groups often raise their heads after incidents of violence like the recent BTAD riots and assume different names but, more often than not, belong to the same umbrella organization. The Muslim outfit known to be present now in the state is the Muslim United Liberation Tigers of Assam (Multa) apart from the newly-floated one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17672043", "title": "Faculty appointment: NSUI lobs rule violation charge", "text": "INDORE: NSUI activists on Tuesday claimed to have evidence against the varsity for appointing a faculty member, who is already holding a post at computer science department of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya ( DAVV). The NSUI counter-claim comes in less than seven days after authorities of Oriental University levelled allegations against National Students' Union of India (NSUI) activists for extorting Rs 25 lakh. When asked, Oriental university chancellor K L Thakral and his subordinates have reportedly failed to furnish evidence to prove their innocence regarding mandatory approval of the university and appointment of a faculty member.The activists alleged that university has also appointed teaching faculty members by violating qualification norms laid down by University Grants Commission (UGC). Showing documents at a press conference outside varsity campus, NSUI district president Siddharth Yadav alleged, \"The university is fake as it does not possess required approval to run courses. The faculty is not qualified and some of them are already employed with other organizations as well.\" Revealing the documents of Supreme Court judgement related to mandatory approval of AICTE for any university to run courses, Yadav said university authorities are trying to divert everyone as not many know about the functioning of private universities. Blaming the state government for keeping mum and promoting private universities, NSUI general secretary Mahak Nagar said, \"Many innocent students are becoming victim of such universities and the state government is turning a blind eye.\"Earlier, when students and activists tried to barge into the campus to corner the varsity authorities, Banganga police station in charge Yogesh Singh Tomar did not allow the entry. As a result, they had to arrange press conference outside the campus.However, later when media persons sought clarifications of varsity chancellor K L Thakral over allegations, he could not provide any concrete document to prove his innocence. He said, \"We do not need approval of AICTE to run technical courses as we are a private university.\" When asked for relevant documents, he could not provide. Media persons kept on pressing him to give copy of the UGC and AICTE approval, but to no avail. No action has been taken by any of competent authority to check whether the university has mandatory approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671628", "title": "NMC detects 169 octroi evasion cases", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) octroi department has, in the past 30 days, unearthed 169 cases of octroi evasion. Three special squads led by an assistant octroi superintendent each have been formed for controlling and guiding the 14 flying squads.Despite criticism and series of allegations, octroi department led by assistant commissioner Mahesh Dhamecha has continued to unearth evasion cases and recover penalty under the guidance of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare. The department is crucial for the civic body as it contributes almost half of the total revenue. In the last month, the department recovered Rs 23.87 lakh penalty from octroi evaders.Dhamecha said special squads would strengthen tracking and unearthing of octroi evasion cases. \"Octroi evaders under-report quantity and value of goods. Criminal prosecution will be initiated for habitual evaders,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672716", "title": "Last date for JEE forms extended to Dec 24", "text": "KANPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has extended the last date for submitting the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE)-Main application form. Students aspiring for admission to IITs, NITs and other centrally-funded technical institutions can now fill online forms and submit the same till December 24. Earlier, the last date was December 15. The JEE main will be held on April 7.The CBSE has updated this information on its website.The CBSE administration decided to extend the date of form submission keeping in view large number of applications received from the students. To facilitate further all students who could not fill the online form due to various reasons and to accommodate more, the CBSE administration took this decision.In view of it being the first examination for JEE-Main to be held in 2013, the last date for submitting online application form has been extended up to December 24. The CBSE has further notified that the date for filling up of application for JEE (Main)-2013 will not be extended any further.AIEEE is now known as JEE (Main) and IIT-JEE as JEE (Advanced).The admission to Undergraduate Engineering Programs at NITs, IIITs, other centrally-funded Technical Institutions, Institutions funded by several participating State Governments, and several other Institutions shall include the performance in the Joint Entrance Examination, JEE (Main).It will also be an eligibility test for the JEE (Advanced), which the candidate has to take if aspiring for admission to the undergraduate programmes offered by IITs.For admission to NITs, Centrally-Funded Technical Institutions like IIITs etc and other participating institutions, the merit/rank list shall be prepared based on 40% weightage to school Boards marks in class XII or equivalent examination and 60% weightage to JEE(Main). The weightage to school Board/Equivalent examination marks shall be considered only after normalisation.The JEE Advanced will be organised by the IITs including Kanpur, Delhi, Mumbai, Roorkee, Guhawati, Kharagpur, Khozikode on June 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17672021", "title": "Maruti Suzuki acquires more land for production", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The ride from Hamastsu to Hansalpur is getting bigger for Maruti. Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) has acquired an additional 500 acres of land in Mandal taluka of Ahmedabad district. The acquired land parcel is around 20 kilometers away from Hansalpur, where the car maker will invest Rs 4,000 crore for its plant spread across 640 acres. The acquired land will be used as a vendor park.Sources said that GIDC has allotted around 100 acres of land in Ughrojpura village and the rest has been acquired by the company through farmers. \"The company had applied for additional land. But land acquisition for GIDC in Mandal taluka, where state government plans to create a special investment region plan for auto ancillaries, hasn't been completed. So the company acquired the additional land from farmers,\" said a senior state government official. In August this year, MSIL paid the first installment of Rs 22 crore for the 640 acres of land allotted to them at Hansalpur in Ahmedabad. The land was allotted at Rs 673 per square metre and the company was to make payments in eight installments totaling to around Rs 175 crore.MSIL has already awarded contract for building the outer wall of the earmarked area for the plant with an annual capacity of 2.5 lakh cars. MM Singh, Chief Operating Officer (production), MSIL had told TOI that work for the boundary wall at Hansalpur facility had begun. He hinted that the company will most likely begin construction by mid next year. The MSIL board is mulling over the idea of rolling out its all new diesel car from Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17671610", "title": "Court tells municipal corporation, admin to prepare rehabilitation policy", "text": "GURGAON: In what could be termed a partial relief for thousands of people residing in the restricted 900-metre radius of the IAF ammunition depot, on Tuesday Punjab and Haryana high court asked the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) and the district administration to prepare a rehabilitation policy for them.There are at least 50,000 houses within the 900-metre area and barring a few colonies, most are unapproved. ,The court also directed municipal commissioner Vijay Singh Dahiya, who appeared in person, to conduct a fresh survey and demarcate the entire area falling within the restricted zone. The MCG has been asked to submit a rehabilitation plan by February 27, which is also the next date fixed for hearing in the matter.The court was hearing the case of illegal construction taking place in the restricted zone despite a Supreme Court ban. According to Ward 5 councillor Gaje Singh Kablana of the Indian National Lok Dal, who was present in the court, the order has come as a relief for thousands who are constantly living in fear that their houses could be demolished anytime by the state government.\"At least two lakh people reside in the restricted zone where no construction is allowed. They fear that their houses will be demolished any moment. However, they are not at fault because the structures came up as corrupt government officials turned a blind eye when they were being built,\" Kablana said.\"Tuesday's court order has at least ensured that even if the so-called illegal houses and commercial establishments have to be demolished, those living and working in them will be relocated. The MCG authorities, at present, seem to demolish houses at will since there is no clear demarcation on which structure falls within the 900-metre area. The ground reality is very different from the map prepared by the MCG and a survey will come in handy,\" Kablana added.The MCG officials, on the other hand, seem cautious about their next move. \"I appeared in court in person and some issues were discussed. I am yet to receive a copy of the court order and will comment on it only after studying it,\" Dahiya told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673000", "title": "Public spaces turning off-limits for women", "text": "MUMBAI: The distinction of being a safe haven for women is slowing slipping away from Mumbai, as several surveys exhibit. Women no longer perceive public spaces, including markets, beaches and stations, as threat-free . Indeed, they view many parts as out of bounds.FEAR FACTORWomen's NGO Akshara surveyed 5,000 women in November 2011 to identify the places where women felt most unsafe. It separately undertook a project called Safety Walk in December 2011-January 2012, where students were sent to 19 different locations at different times of the day to ascertain the physical and social factors that make a public space seem unsafe for womenThe survey made some alarming discoveries50% women unaware of police helpline (103) for women, children and elderly65% women find crowded buses and bus stops most unsafeRailway platforms too considered spots where they can come to harmThe safety walk project found the reasons for the fearSTATION ROADSPhysical factorsNarrow and overcrowded streets; profusion of vendors, shops, bars; dim lighting and inadequate signageSocial factorsDrunk men because of bars in the vicinity; men merge into the crowds to rob and sexually harass women; negligible police patrollingSUBWAYSPhysical factorsDim lighting and absence of CCTV camerasSocial factorsMen loiter; vendors indulge in eve-teasingPARKS &amp; GARDENSPhysical factorsPoor maintenance; no streetlightsSocial factorsNo police presence; boys loiter; negligible female presence; higher incidence of chain-snatching and sexual harassmentOPEN GROUNDSPhysical factorsInadequate lighting; poor maintenance of groundsSocial factorsNo police presence; boys loiter; limited use by women who face eve-teasingBEACHESPhysical factorsInadequate lighting; same entrance for men and women's toiletsSAFETY FIRSTPartners for Urban Knowledge, Action &amp; Research (PUKAR), in collaboration with BMW Guggenheim Lab, surveyed 800 respondents above the age of 18 across socio-economic classes to understand the relationship of privacy to personal and public spaces in Mumbai. Among other things, the research discovered that safety is the topmost criterion for citizens while visiting a public placeSocial factorsVendors; photographers; men loiter, flash, eve-tease ; gamblers, drunkards, drug addicts; no police patrollingMARKETSPhysical factorsEncroachment of pavements by hawkers; illegal parking; no CCTVSocial factorsCrowds and chaos; eve-teasing ; sexual harassmentTimes view : Make Mumbai's streets saferMumbai can't be called a safe zone if a person, however obsessed he may be with the idea of revenge, thinks he can get away with murder on a crowded street in the Dadar-Matunga belt. This happens only when there is a general perception that the law-and-order machinery is extremely lax. Repeated incidents like this, and the one that happened in Kalyan a few days back, reinforce this perception. The police commissioner's diktat - that cops should commute between home and work in uniform - was a sound idea that would have automatically increased police visibility on the street without any extra effort. But reports from the ground indicate that it's not being followed by too many in the force. The police force has to instil the fear of law in people planning crime. That's the only way to make Mumbai's streets safer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17673220", "title": "Sarpanchas of three Pernem VPs elected", "text": "MAPUSA: The sarpanchas of the three village panchayats in Pernem taluka which went to the polls on December 9 were elected on Tuesday. In all three panchayats the sarpanch post was reserved for women while the post of deputy sarpanch is open.Namisha Gawandi was elected as sarpanch in Halarane-Talarne village panchayat with Mahadev Malik as her deputy. Mohini Naik and Shamba Warang were elected as the sarpanch and the deputy sarpanch respectively for the Cansarvarnem village panchayat. In Chandel panchayat, panch members elected Shailaja Malik as their sarpanch and Nitesh Narulkar as deputy sarpanch. All three panchayats are controlled by the BJP party.Although elections to 185 of the 189 village panchayats in Goa were held on May 16, polls were not held to these three panchayats as their terms had not ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17673339", "title": "Festive rush spawns train travail", "text": "LUDHIANA: Train travel is poised to get harrowing with the festive rush on. As Christmas and New Year are round the corner, bookings are full up to next year with mad scramble for tickets.While some are heading home for holidays, others are setting off for tourist destinations to ring in the New Year. Those who had foreseen the trouble and booked tickets for their journey in advance are heaving a sigh of relief.In Ludhiana, the rush in trains can be gauged from the fact that the waiting list in the AC chair car Amritsar Shatabdi and Swarna Shatabdi, which run from Ludhiana to Delhi, has already shot up to 50. The waiting list for first AC of these two trains is around 20 for Wenesday.Station manager R K Sharma said, \"The rush of passengers is at its peak during Diwali and Chath Puja.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17671875", "title": "Petition to transfer Thevar Jayanthi murder cases to CBI", "text": "MADURAI: A petition making a plea for the transfer of two cases, filed in connection with the murder of three persons during the Thevar Jayanthi celebrations this year, to the CBI, was filed before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday.A Murugan, in his petition stated that police were to be blamed for the improper regulation of traffic at the sensitive areas on Oct 30 this year, which led to the three murders at Pambu Viz Tan and Ponnaiyapuram this year. He further stated that innocent dalits had been deliberately implicated by police in the incident and sought adequate compensation. In his petition Murugan also alleged that Malairaj, a dalit, had been falsely implicated based on the concocted confession of Shanmugam. Malairaj had died in March this year.He prayed the court would direct the CBI to submit a preliminary report with regard to the violations and abuse by the Tamil Nadu police who were in Paramakudi at that time. Emaneswaram police registered a case on Oct 30, after the van carrying Thevars was waylaid at Pambuvizhunthan, a dalit village. Non-dalits had driven through the village despite police warnings against it. He said the dalits had attacked the van in a move to chase the vehicle away as the driver was driving in a rash manner.Similarly two thevar youths who had entered Ponnaiyapuram, also a dalit village, were killed. Murugan stated that even though police were aware that the deaths were not deliberate murders, they falsely implicated people.The Parmakudi Police had implicated many persons without proper evidence, he alleged. Advocate Punniyamoorthy had not been in the vicinity at the time of the murders but his name was included in the chargesheet. Meanwhile, K Shanmugam had been at the Government Rajaji Hospital taking care of his sick mother.Fifteen persons had been implicated based on the alleged confession of Shanmugam. Many of the implicated are innocent, working in government firms, the charges against them being they would contribute funds to members of the dalit community. Police should have registered a case against the van driver Sivakumar and his associates who deliberately drove the vehicle through Pambuvizhunthan, Murugan said.He prayed that the cases be transferred to the CBI for a fair investigation, without political or communal interference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673151", "title": "Hospital building had necessary permissions: Collector", "text": "PUNE: The under-construction hospital that collapsed near Wagholi on Tuesday claiming 13 lives had all the necessary building permissions. The district administration said that both non-agriculture (NA) and building permissions were granted to the Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust for constructing the hospital building at Kesnand phata near Wagholi. However, the permissions were given a decade ago and the administration could not ascertain if the construction site had been inspected in the recent past.\"The trust had applied for various permissions that are required before starting any construction activity. After scrutinizing the application and completing required legal aspects, the administration had granted the NA and building permissions to the trust in 2002. As per records, total NA permission was granted for about 2.10 lakh sq meters. The permission was granted for educational and social purposes,\" said resident district collector Anil Pawar.When asked if the building's plinth and structural dimensions were checked by the administration, Pawar said, \"We are still gathering the details regarding inspections of the construction site that were undertaken by the administration on time-to-time basis. As per the preliminary information, the administration did not have any record of complaints about illegal constructions at the stated construction site.\"Pawar said that the district disaster management cell officials along with the revenue officials including sub-divisional officer and tehsildars rushed to the site soon after part of ceiling and dome collapsed on Tuesday afternoon. The rescue operation was undertaken immediately and details of victims were ascertained. Revenue officials too were deployed at the site for further assistance. Pawar said that 13 bodies were found trapped under the debris.A team of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) rushed to the site and undertook rescue work. A 41-member troop including doctors and paramedical staff was involved in the rescue operation which continued till late evening. The work commenced at around 4.15 pm.Pawar also said that the administration would prepare a preliminary report on the incident. It will be sent to the chief minister and concerned higher authorities in the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17672116", "title": "Tenders worth Rs 1.25 crore issued for electrification works", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has invited tenders for electrical works, such as putting up street lights, new poles, high masts and replacement of old electrical fittings, worth around Rs 1.25 crore.The tenders include around 15 electricity works in various parts of the city. Streetlights using octagonal poles will be put up along the road from HDFC bank to Siddharthanagar in Prabhag no. 23, at a cost of Rs 12.63 lakh. Octagonal poles will also be put up from Bara Bungalow chowk to Godavari Society chowk in Prabhag no. 23 in Nashik West division, at a cost of Rs 11.29 lakh.Works worth Rs 10 lakh to replace old electrical fittings with new ones in Prabhag no. 45 and along the road from Datta Mandir to Valdevi river in Prabhag no. 60 in Nashik Road division will also be carried out.The works also include installation of streetlights in Pathardigaon Rajwada and Sukhdeonagar in Prabhag no. 52 in Cidco division at a cost of Rs 24.98 lakh, electrical fitting work worth Rs 18 lakh at the Vamandada Karadak Sabhagruha in Prabhag no. 33 of Nashik Road division and setting up poles with streetlights in Prabhag no. 32 in Nashik Road division at a cost of Rs 16.48 lakh.Work to install streetlights, amounting to Rs 5 lakh, will be carried out in Agartakali area in Prabhag no. 32. Works worth Rs 1.66 lakh to shift electricity poles along the road from Thattenagar to Don Bosco in Prabhag no. 15 in Nashik West division and works worth Rs 5 lakh to provide lights, sound system and generators at Phalke Smarak and Buddha Smarak will also be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670435", "title": "HC seeks status report on beautification of Ganga ghats", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday directed principal secretary, tourism, and district magistrate (DM), Patna, to submit status report with regard to development and beautification of Kangan Ghat on the bank of river Ganga in Patna City and two other ghats in Fatuha.A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh issued the directive while hearing a PIL of Santosh Kumar Singh who submitted that the development and beautification works on the ghats had suffered for several months due to lack of coordination between the tourism department and the Patna DM.The petitioner submitted that the three ghats had to be plastered and parks were planned there under the scheme for their development and beautification. To a question raised by the local MLA of Fatuha regarding the standard of works, the Patna DM had placed a report before the House, submitting that the quality of the work was maintained.But, later on, the DM had stopped the work for six months after March 31, 2012, despite the planning and development department's instruction to continue the work. Later, the DM issued a fresh tender for the execution of the same project, with some modifications, and sent it to tourism department for technical approval.Meanwhile, the tourism department had already issued a show-cause notice to the executive engineer of the public works department-1 concerned to explain as to why not it should be blacklisted and the concerned work for development and beautification of the three ghats be given to the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation , the petitioner submitted, adding that the projects suffered.Shahabuddin case: The Patna high court on Tuesday set aside the order of the additional district judge-cum-special judge, Siwan, S K Pandey, who had rejected the state government petition for adding charges of murder and criminal conspiracy against former Siwan MP Md Shahabuddin and three others in a case of kidnapping of two persons.A single bench of Justice B P Verma passed the order allowing a criminal revision petition of the state government challenging the order of the ADJ-cum-special judge, Siwan, who is holding the trial of criminal cases against Shahabuddin.The other three accused facing criminal trial in this case are Rajkumar Sah, Munna Mian and Sheikh Aslam. Justice Verma sent back the case to the special judge for considering on merit the petition of the state government for adding charges of murder, disappearance of bodies and criminal conspiracy in the case of kidnapping of Satish Kumar and Girish Kumar from their shop in Yadav market in Siwan. The court directed the special judge to dispose of the state government's petition in this regard within three months.'Form panel to monitor drainage work'The Patna high court on Tuesday directed the chief secretary (CS) to constitute a high-level committee to monitor the work to be done to check waterlogging in the localities on both sides of Bailey Road between Rupaspur and Saguna Mor.A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh said the committee would monitor the works to be executed as per the detailed project report (DPR) prepared by Danapur Nagar Parishad for constructing 10ft deep storm drainage on both sides of Bailey Road. The court, while hearing the PIL of Nawal Kishore Upadhyaya, said the committee would also ensure the availability of funds required for constructing the drainage and sump houses for pumping out the accumulated water and sewage from the localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673162", "title": "Accused\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wife saved as she did not reveal address", "text": "MUMBAI: Vaishali Sangelkar (27) would have faced a certain death if her estranged husband had managed to get his hands on her Nalasopara address. Vijay Sangelkar (35) reportedly came to Mumbai from Sawantwadi , Ratnagiri, with the intention to kill Vaishali at her residence. Vijay was arrested on Monday for attacking another woman, Sonal Lapashiya (25), mistaking her for his wife. \"He kept repeating in custody that an innocent had suffered due to his act. He said he would have been happy if it had been his wife instead,\" said a police officer with the Matunga police.Vijay told the police that he bought the sickle with which he attacked the victim at Andheri. On Tuesday, the police visited the locality to verify his claim. He was produced before the local court on Tuesday on charges of attempt to murder and has been remanded in custody till December 21.\"He was determined to kill her after he and his family members were jailed in 2009 following a dowry harassment complaint; all were acquitted,\" said Dattatray Kar ale, deputy commissioner of police (Zone IV). Vijay told the police, \"I planned to kill her after my family members began to taunt me about her act of sending them to jail. Our reputation was destroyed. She was not ready to divorce me nor ready to clear issues between us.\"Vaishali had a different version. \"My husband tortured me soon after we got married in 2007. After my son's birth, we separated . I returned to my parents in Gonda. But he repeatedly threatened me over phone which made me lodge a police complaint. After we separated, I completed my graduation and then relocated to Mumbai,\" Vaishali told the police.Vaishali said she had an inkling that her husband was unstable and therefore did not share her residence address with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17673103", "title": "Failure to invite PMC boss flayed", "text": "PONDA: Former Ponda MLA and man-behind-the-hospital complex Ravi Naik has condemned the failure of organizers to include the Ponda municipal council ( PMC) chairperson Rukmi Dangui in the inaugural ceremony.\"The chairperson is the first citizen of the town and not including her is an insult to Ponda citizens,\" Naik told TOI. Claiming that he was happy that his dream has become a reality, he alleged the government is starting a new trend of misusing official functions for political purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670549", "title": "Bombay Dyeing got mill land letter without state nod: Maharashtra govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Months after Bombay Dyeing was asked to hand over massive chunks of its sprawling mill properties in Dadar-Naigaon and Lower Parel to BMC and Mhada by the courts, the textile major is once again in the eye of a storm. The state has told the Bombay HC that it never gave permission to Bombay Dyeing to use more mill land for commercial purposes at the cost of area for textile activities. It accused Bombay Dyeing of obtaining a letter from a senior state officer without approvals from the government.\"(Bombay Dyeing) in cahoots with the officer had obtained the order and submitted it to BMC,\" said Chandrashekhar Gajbe, deputy secretary, department of cooperation, marketing and textiles, in an affidavit filed before the court by assistant government pleader G W Mattos. The 2004 order had sought to allow Bombay Dyeing to use around 33,545 sq m of mill land for commercial development while leaving just 8,349 sq m for textile activities, against 34,000 sq m according to the the original 2003 permission.The HC is hearing a Bombay Dyeing petition, challenging a state letter to the BMC that it has not approved the 2004 proposal and the BMC's 2012 stop-work notice. Gajbe said that the 2004 order did not have his department's approval. The officer who signed the order, P D Chavan, was suspended and action was initiated against him. The matter will be heard on January 4, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673138", "title": "Government Railway Police personnel to meet women and offer them tips on precautionary measures", "text": "MUMBAI: With the number of molestation cases on trains and at railway stations more than doubling this year over 2011, the Government Railway Police (GRP) has decided to focus on women's safety during its passenger safety awareness week in January.As part of the campaign, GRP personnel will interact with female commuters and offer them tips on precautionary measures. A long-standing demand of women passengers has been to stop the conversion of ladies compartments into general cars every day after 11pm.\"The campaign will start on January 1 and will extend till January 7. We have begun setting up help desks on platforms at spots where ladies compartments land,\" said GRP commissioner Prabhat Kumar. \"We will circulate booklets called 'Know Your Policemen' , which will list our responsibilities and the circumstances under which commuters can approach us.\"During the awareness drive, women commuters will be educated on personal safety : they will be urged to always keep at hand helpline numbers, to avoid travelling in empty compartments at night and to carry defensive weapons like pepper spray.To publicise safety measures better, they will be printed on pamphlets\u00e2\u20ac\u201dalong with helpline numbers of GRP and Railway Protection Force (RPF)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand pasted in ladies compartments. \"Also, cops on platforms and those escorting trains at night will be sensitised ,\" Kumar said.Meanwhile, RPF statistics showed an increase in conviction of men caught for illegal travel in ladies compartments on the Central line. Last year, 27 such offenders were jailed; this year the figure rose to 34. However, the cases of men travelling in ladies compartments dropped from 3,096 in 2011 to 1,807 this year. Prosecution of commuters travelling illegally in compartments reserved for the disabled surged from 14,687 cases last year to 19,179 in 2012. Officers attributed the increase to crackdowns and increased reportage of complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670394", "title": "Jeev Milkha Singh to go for Majors in 2013; Arjun Atwal's fingers crossed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jeev Milkha Singh and Arjun Atwal have had contrasting ends to their seasons but their immediate aim is the same - \"have a good chat, laugh and enjoy the week.\"They will be teeing off together at the Shubhkamna Champions on Friday and hoping to catch up on old times. \"It is wonderful to be playing in India again, it is home after all,\" Arjun told TOI.Enjoying his December break from the trials and tribulations of the PGA Tour, the Orlando-based golfer was not one for regretting missed opportunities. \"I will be playing 7 or 8 events on the PGA Tour.The past champion status will get me in some events. I will also be competing on the Web.com. The plan is to take advantage of my starts on the PGA Tour and getting my card back for 2014,\" the only Indian to win on the PGA Tour said.For Jeev, who will be hosting the event at Noida Golf Course, the target is the Majors. Breaking course records, notching up creditable finishes in the prestigious year-enders in Europe and Japan and being on the winning Asian team in the Royal Trophy were on the agenda but there was a goal he couldn't reach.\"I have missed the British Open Championship automatic qualification as I could not finish in the top 30 in Race to Dubai rankings, fell two short,\" he said. \"But most importantly, I am thinking better now. I'll be looking to play a lot abroad next year and will try to get into the Majors.\"Being honoured recently alongside 18-time Major champion Jack Nicklaus and eight-time European Tour Order of Merit winner Colin Montgomerie in Brunei was quite an accomplishment.But after the felicitation, he had work to do on the course on the final day of the Royal Trophy. \"I had to beat (Europe's) Miguel Angel Jimenez and was one down after the 14th hole.Pressure was high but that feeling of representing the team eased it a little bit. I think it's such a game that whosoever holds the most putt wins and I had most putts coming in and then the tables turned and I won.\"Despite all the accolades, Jeev's season has been hampered by a finger ligament injury he suffered in the playoff of the Scottish Open, the event he eventually won.Atwal has also had his share of injuries and there have been other factors contributing to a difficult year. \"The good news is that now I'm healthy. I have changed my coach, and then I made some changes to my swing.These changes take time, and I do believe they are all falling into place now. I did have some solid rounds in the past few months,\" said the 2010 Wyndham Championship winner.\"If plans don't work - It's really quite simple, I figure out what I'm not doing right and I sort it out,\" he added, voice ringing with optimism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672797", "title": "'Aggrieved bank customers should approach ombudsman'", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Reserve Bank of India wants to promote the ombudsman scheme to facilitate speedy redressal of grievances. The scheme offers a platform for bank customers who are not satisfied with the services to approach higher authorities for addressing their problems.\"The scheme was introduced in 1995 for quick and fair redressal of customer problems such as queries regarding credit cards, deficiencies in direct services promised by the both banks and their direct selling agents, levying service charges without prior notice to customers and non-adherence to fair practices code adopted by individual banks and internet banking,\" said R Sebastian, ombudsman of the Maharashtra and Goa region here on Tuesday.A banking ombudsman is a senior official appointed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to redress customer complaints that are caused due to deficiency in certain banking services. There are 15 banking ombudsman all over the country.She said the scheme is an expeditious and inexpensive forum to customers for resolution of complaints relating to certain services rendered by the bank. The scheme was introduced under the section 35-A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.Sebastian said that in spite of its inception 17 years ago, only a few have been able to take its benefit. \"The scheme has been amended four times to strengthen and protect customer rights and resolve internal grievances in the system,\" she added.She said that the ombudsman office received as much as 8,324 complaints in its office in 2011-12, of which 7,650 complaints were resolved. The number of pending complaints were 674 on June 30, 2012. \"No complaint was kept pending for more than three months at the rate of resolving cases was more than 91 %,\" Sebastian said.Out of the total complaints received 343 comprised from rural area, 490 comprised from semi urban area, while the urban area contributed to 1656 complaints and 5416 complaints were registered from metropolitan area.A banking ombudsman is a senior official appointed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to redress customer complaints that are caused due to deficiency in certain banking services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672498", "title": "New stands open for Indo-Pak ODI", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has allowed the cricket board to use the three newly built stands at M A Chidambaram stadium at Chepauk here to accommodate spectators during the December 30 one-day international between India and Pakistan.The three stands - I, J and K - are mired in a controversy as the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) had not obtained the mandatory planning permission from the Chennai Corporation and safety clearances from other statutory bodies before building them. However, after police and fire safety clearances were obtained earlier this year, a division bench headed by Justice Elipe Dharma Rao on May 24 this year permitted the cricket body to put the three stands to use for the last two matches of the IPL-V played here, including the final.Citing this order, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Monday said: \"Considering the earlier order passed by the division bench on May 24 and the fact that a special leave petition against the order was dismissed by the Supreme Court, and taking note of the importance of the event, we deem it appropriate that the TNCA should be permitted to open I, J and K stands for the public.\"As for additional advocate general P H Aravindh Pandian's submissions and the city police letter dated August 25 insisting that the three stands should not be used till completion of a multi-level car parking facility in the stadium premises, the judges pointed out that the Government Victoria Students Hostel at Triplicane and the Southern Railway had given letters offering their space to be used for parking vehicles.\"Undoubtedly, the construction of a multi-level car parking cannot be completed in a short span of time. However, since there is sufficient space provided for car parking both inside the stadium premises and at Government Victoria Students Hostel and the Chepauk railway station, we are of the view that the portion of the (police) order dated August 25 insisting upon the construction of a multi-level car parking shall remain stayed until further orders.\"Directing the city traffic police to impose conditions for regulating vehicle parking, the judges said the cricket association should indemnify the authorities from any damage or claims that may occur on account of the permission to use the three stands.The Chennai Corporation had issued a notice to lock, seal and demolish the stands, alleging that their construction was unauthorised and had been carried out without planning permission under Town and Planning Act, 1971.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672889", "title": "Ringing In Yuletide Spirit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Christmas bells are ringing around the city, as carol groups step into city residents' houses to spread the message of love and happiness. Christmas choirs are performing, while Xmas exhibitions and competitions are being organized by churches.Christ The King Cathedral in Sector19 A held a Christmas exhibition, on the theme, \"My Faith Journey\" and a photography competition that has participants from different parts of the world. The exhibition was inaugurated on Tuesday by the bishop. Many other churches too are organizing carols and exhibitions.\"Christmas is not just about Santa Claus -- it's the festival of love and togetherness. We must devote ourselves to God and take his blessings on this day,\" said the bishop of Christ The King Cathedral.Christmas being a much loved festival, is celebrated in different ways in the city. Churches are having Punjabi carols along with singing of hymns in English and Hindi. Many families are also inviting carol groups to their houses.Christmas rituals have been shaped by religious and popular traditions of each culture that celebrates the holy day. Traditionally, the sacred Christmas season starts with Advent, which begins on the fourth Sunday before Christmas and continues till Christmas day. The sacred season ends on Epiphany, January 6, every year. During Advent people make preparations to celebrate the birth of Jesus. This festival of Christians has now become a zealous attraction for people coming from every community.The history of the festival dates back over 4,000 years as various customs and traditions associated with Christmas were celebrated centuries before the birth of Christ. The exact day of the Christ child's birth has never been pinpointed. It is believed that it has been celebrated since the year 98 AD. In 137 AD the bishop of Rome ordered the birthday of the Christ child be celebrated as a solemn feast. In 350 AD another bishop of Rome, Julius I, chose December 25 for celebrating Christmas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17672070", "title": "Jewellers surrender Rs 32.80 cr post I-T survey", "text": "INDORE: Jewellers in the city have surrendered a sum of Rs 32.80 crore following an income tax (I-T) department survey that concluded here on Tuesday. The surveys were carried out on Monday at the eight premises of city-based jewellers.Nearly 30 officials of the department were involved in the survey on the jewellers' premises located in Bada Sarafa area of the city. TheTalking to ToI, SK Anand, commissioner, income tax (I) who led the operations, said, \"Except Madanlal Chhaganlal, which happens to be a comparatively big jeweller in the city and which had been filing the returns with us on a regular basis, we found a huge sum of unaccounted income in case of the remaining four jewellers. Also by conducting this survey on small jewellers, we want to give a message that whosoever are eligible taxpayers, must come forward to file returns without fail.\"In case of Gautamshree, it was found that no proper books of accounts were being maintained. One of the partners, the officials said, was not filing any I-T returns altogether. Unaccounted gold and silver jewelleries in huge quantity were also recovered by the department's sleuths during the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "khagaria", "code": "17673492", "title": "Attack on Nitish convoy: 22 face action", "text": "KHAGARIA: Property attachment order was issued by a local court on Tuesday against 22 absconders accused of attacking Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's carcade during a rally here in September.Chief judicial officer (CJM) Triloki Nath Tripathi issued the order on the request of the special investigation team(SIT) probing the incident.Among those against whom the property attachment order was issued were the Khagaria district president of youth RJD, Chandan Yadav and his LJP counterpart, Sushant Yadav.On September 27 a group of people had demonstrated during the CM's 'Adhikar rally' at Khagaria and had also pelted stones on the carcade.The SIT had subsequently registered FIR against 70 people in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672695", "title": "Lawyers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 request forwarded to High Court", "text": "KANPUR: The district judge (Kanpur Nagar) on Tuesday forwarded a representation of Kanpur Bar Association and the Lawyers Association to the registrar general of Allahabad High Court and urged to take necessary action on their demands regarding court jurisdiction.The two premier associations of Kanpur lawyers had recently passed a resolution and asked for placing the Ghatampur and Bilhour tehsils under the jurisdiction of Kanpur Nagar judgeship instead of Kanpur Dehat.The resolution said that the administrative side of both the tehsils was included in Kanpur Nagar and they were under the control of district magistrate and DIG (Kanpur Nagar). However, presently the judicial jurisdiction is vested with Kanpur Dehat judgeship.Two different jurisdictions were causing problems for the residents of the two tehsils, therefore, they should be merged with Kanpur Nagar, it was demanded.The two associations had earlier made a representation and presented a resolution in this regard on September 1. The district magistrate and DIG of Kanpur Nagar had also enclosed their reports with that resolution.District judge (Kanpur Nagar) O P Verma urged to the registrar general of the Allahabad High Court to place the proposal before the court for perusal and necessary action.The two associations become active on this issue after coming to know that courts of Kanpur Dehat were likely to be seated at its headquarter -- Mati -- from next year and litigants of both the tehsils would travel to Mati which has a weak transport system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671816", "title": "'Governor an example of humility'", "text": "NAGPUR: The students of Neeri Modern School were a happy lot as they got to meet and interact with the Governor K Sankarnarayanan. The students visited Raj Bhavan along with their teachers on Monday morning.\"It was a very good opportunity for the students. They were very happy to be able to interact with the governor,\" said English teacher Anjali Pathak who had accompanied the children along with another teacher Shweta Tiwari .About 75 students from standard VII to IX belonging to the Interact Club of the school visited the Governor's residence. They toured the biodiversity park in the premises of the Raj Bhavan. Later on they met the Governor, who spent some time with the children and answered their questions.\"It is for the first time that the students are visiting Raj Bhavan. The visit was a very enriching experience for the children,\" said Uday Thosar, principal. Pathak added that the Governor not only answered the students' queries but also delved deeper into various issues to elicit the opinion of the students on them.He was very impressed by one of the questions posed by a student who sought his opinion on the present trend in which a large number of students are opting for corporate sector jobs rather than joining the defence forces.\"He was a picture of humility. He made everybody comfortable and had an intimate interaction with the kids. He even spoke to them individually during the refreshment session. The students asked various questions ranging from the choice of career to the issue of separate Vidarbha,\" Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671663", "title": "Failed students lock up teachers in Santoshpur school for 22 hours", "text": "KOLKATA: In a disturbing sign for the education sector in Bengal, a school headmistress and 14 teachers were locked up for 22 hours by a band of students demanding that they all be passed despite flunking the pre-board test. Local Trinamool Congress workers added slogan-shouting muscle to the protest, turning a school-level incident into a political controversy.Although education minister Bratya Basu found fault with the school \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rishi Aurobindo Balika Vidyapith \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and declared the problem \"solved\" by afternoon, the gherao triggered copy-cat protests in two other schools on Tuesday. Trinamool men allegedly joined one such protest and are accused of beating up students. There are fears that it could spark such incidents across the state, just as college violence had spread like wildfire a few months ago.The education department announced all candidates who had failed the pre-board tests or been passed with \"grace marks\" at the school would be allowed a second chance, although the headmistress and faculty had stood their ground. Since the government has given in, what is to stop students in other schools from holding their teachers to ransom the same way?The gherao at the Santoshpur school started around 3pm on Monday. The result of the pre-board test had been put up on the notice board on Saturday, listing 27 of the 105 students as failed. These students came to school with their guardians on Monday to demand that they be passed. The school offered them access to their answerscripts to see for themselves how they had fared, but they would hear none of it. The students locked up the faculty in the headmistress' office.\"Some students argued they be given pass marks so that they could sit for the Class XII board exam. We had no idea they would get into this type of agitation,\" said headmistress Shrimati Ghosh, described by colleagues as a \"no-nonsense teacher\" who had \"never bowed to political pressure\".Sources in the school and some locals said that the agitators were politically instigated, allegedly by Trinamool supporters who wanted to seize the school managing committee.\"The committee's term ended in June this year. In July, the local Trinamool party office approached the headmistress to hold elections for the next committee. But she refused saying that members would be nominated. She is very adamant,\" said a partyman in the horde of Trinamool supporters who had descended on the school. \"We are not here to make a political issue. But since the school had given pass marks to a student who was caught cheating, why not give the rest a second chance?\" asked Rakim Das, a local.Meanwhile, a section of students showed solidarity with their teachers and said that the agitating students would bunk classes regularly and they had no regard for the faculty. \"I have not had a more bitter experience. The answerscripts were evaluated by teachers and students should accept it. This is going to set a very bad precedent,\" said science teacher Purnima Dey, a victim of the gherao. \"We were huddled in the headmistress's office through the night without any food. Thank god, some policemen got us tea and biscuits around 4 in the morning. It was an agonizing experience,\" said Minurani Pradhan, another teacher.The gherao was lifted around 1pm on Tuesday only after a team from the West Bengal Council for Higher Secondary Education arrived at the behest of Bratya Basu.Meanwhile, two other schools \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Behala's Jagatpur Rukhini Vidyapith for Boys and Rishi Arobindo Boy's High school at Shyamnagar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were grappling with similar protests. In Behala, 23 Class XII students and 14 Class X students had failed the pre-board tests. They all descended on the school demanding pass marks. A scuffle ensued, injuring a guardian, Arun Mukherjee. Police tried to negotiate a settlement but the school authorities refused to bow to the protesters. \"The results of the failed students are extremely poor. Most have failed in all the subjects. There is no question of compromising on the result. If they want, they can see the answerscripts for themselves,\" said headmaster Sujit Kumar Hazra.In Shyamnagar, the school had held back some Class X boys for lack of attendance. \"The school asked me to pay Rs 700 to be allowed to fill up the Madhyamik form. I said my father couldn't pay but they refused to listen,\" said student Biswajit Biswas. Classmate Indrajit Barman was reportedly fined Rs 500. Biswajit's family members alleged that school managing committee secretary Arun Brambha beat him up when he refused to pay the fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17673234", "title": "JVM, Ajsu Party MLAs in verbal duel over block tag", "text": "BOKARO: Chandankyari legislator Umkant Rajak and his Bokaro counterpart Samresh Singh are once again at loggerheads.While Rajak entered into a verbal duel calling Singh a \"useless politician\", Singh commented saying he didn't want to reply to \"a small and nalayak (unworthy) person like Rajak\".The battle, apparently for supremacy, which is going on between two MLAs for the past several years, took the nasty turn when both hurled abusive on each other over a issue related to giving \"block\" status to Pindrajora and Maraphari areas of the district.Although the leaders are serious in their fight, the residents enjoyed it too. Singh is a senior politician from the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM), Rajak is the leader of the All Jharkhand Students' Union (Ajsu) Party.The verbal duel begins after Singh announced on Monday that his party would not let chief minister Arjun Munda and his deputy Sudesh Mahto enter Bokaro as both the leaders are not in favour of making Pindrajora and Marafari a block.\"The residents of Bokaro are raising demands for carving out two new blocks from Chas which comprises 56 panchayats. The division is necessary for the development of the area. But the CM and the deputy CM are indifferent. If the demand is not fulfilled, the residents will hold 'janta curfew' and not let Munda and Mahto enter Bokaro,\" said Singh.Singh's open challenge towards two senior leaders of the BJP and the Ajsu Party drew huge reaction from their supporters.Reacting to it, Rajak on Tuesday organized a press conference. \"Whether it is Singh or anybody else, no one can stop Mahto from coming here. It is Mahto only who has initiated the process of creating several new blocks in the state. Singh is a useless politician. During his four terms, he has done nothing for the residents here\"BJP senior leader Viranchi Narayan also expressed his anger against Singh to throw a challenge to Munda. \"Singhji please, you tell me the day, date and place when you plan to stop Munda from coming to Bokaro. I promise you that Mundaji will be there on that day,\" he said.After hearing Rajak, Singh described the Ajsu Party as a \"small and nalayak (unworthy) politician\". \"It is the residents who will stop Munda and Mahto from entering Bokaro if they will not come up with the two new blocks. Narayan doesn't have much knowledge about politics he is giving his statement just to be in limelight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673491", "title": "22-yr-old 'raped' in state capital", "text": "RANCHI: A 22-year-old girl on Tuesday accused her brother-in-law of raping her at her house in Simaliya village under Ratu police station here. An FIR in this connection was lodged with Ratu police station late on Monday night. Ranchi SP (rural) A V Minz said. \"The girl has accsued a boy of rape. The boy is a relative of her,\" informed Minz.Sukhram Lohra, the accused, has also filed an FIR against the family members of the girl (victim) and claimed that he was beaten by them. Lohra has been admitted to RIMS where he is out of danger. Satendra Narayan Singh, officer in charge of Ratu police station, said, \"Nothing is clear in the case now. I would be able to say anything only after primary investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17672074", "title": "No attention to unkempt ghats of Ganga in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Isn't the recent bid of government machinery to renovate the ghats along Ganga an eyewash?The ghats along the Ganga are considered to be the face of this holy city. Majority of tourists, domestic or foreigners, visit this place to enjoy the scenic beauty of the ghats. More than 80 ghats are there in a stretch of about seven kilometers since the ancient period. Condition of most of the ghats, which are historical due to archeological importance, is pathetic. However, instead of paying attention to those ghats, renovation works are being planned for the ghats which have already been beautified and renovated under different projects in the recent years.The Dashaswamedh Ghat is an ideal example in this regard. In 2008, the tourism department launched a project under which renovation of seven ghats was ensured while beautification of many historical streets and sites was also done by the CPWD. A total of Rs 138.8 lakh was spent on the renovation of seven ghats including Raja ghat, Harishchandra ghat, Rana Mahal ghat, Scindia ghat, Lalita ghat, Panchganga ghat and Dashaswamedh ghat and beautification of eight bylanes and other constructions at Asi ghat, Malviya Bridge, Rajghat and Harishchandra ghat.A group of officials, travel and tour operators, hoteliers, NGOs and others led by secretary tourism, Parvez Dewan and additional director general, tourism, Usha Sharma recently inspected the entire stretch of the riverfronts and identified those ghats for development, under public private partnership model, which were already in a good condition.The selected sites including Dashaswamedh ghat, Rajendra Prasad, Kedar ghat, Rana Mahal ghat, Darbhanga ghat are already in a good condition and being well maintained by local and government authorities.However, a close look at the majestic riverfront of the city reveals the condition of several other ghats which are in a dilapidated state because of the negligence prevailing over the years.While Manikarnika ghat, thronged by hundreds of Hindus and tourists every day and which needs urgent renovation work, has not been included in the list. Conditions have also worsened at Jalasen ghat, a neighbouring ghat of Marnikarnika. The ghat is known for performing the last ritual of putting dead bodies in river Ganga before the cremation. The broken steps, ruptured embankments and scattered wastes with leftovers, dumped along the embankments, are enough to give a filthy and unhygienic look. The debris containing broken pieces of cemented structures, including remains of wooden boats, hardly gave any space to perform the ritual. One part of Lal ghat also touches Adi Shitala Ghat, which was renovated in 1772. Another Shitata ghat is located southwards touching the prominent Dashashwamedh Ghat in the city. The palaces and old buildings on the ghat need urgent restoration. Situations were not different at Trilochan ghat, Gaai ghat, Bundiparkota ghat. Most of these ghats are centuries old and showcase majestic architecture even in their dilapidated conditions.In fact, the 18th century Balaji ghat in the northern stretch of Ganga has already been listed under world's 60 most endangered sites by World Monuments Fund (WMF). While the northern ghats are thronged by Hindu devotees from Maharashtra and southern states, the southern ghats, including Mansarovar ghat, Chowki ghat, Asi ghat, Tulsi ghat, Narad ghat, are famous for large footfall of tourists and backpackers.According to deputy director, UP Tourism, Avinash Mishra, a detailed estimation of the ghats that need restoration and renovation is being prepared. It will also be put in front of the Central government and if the government does not agree to carry out the renovation work on dilapidated ghats, state government will be sought for the same. Besides, the focus of officials was on identifying the ghats for development under PPP model.As per the list prepared by the regional tourism department, Assi ghat, Anandmai ghat, Shivala ghat, Hanuman ghat, Harishchandra ghat, Sheetla ghat, Lalita ghat, Marnikarnika ghat, Scindia ghat, Panchganga ghat, Gaai ghat and Rajghat were identified for restoration work. However, this list was not consulted when the officials arrived here for inspection and identification of ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17671927", "title": "PIL urges reconstitution of Andhra Pradesh State Minorities Commission", "text": "HYDERABAD: A public interest petition (PIL) was filed in the high court seeking direction to the state government for reconstitution of the Andhra Pradesh State Minorities Commission (APSMC) in accordance with the AP State Minorities Commission Act, 1998.The government, vide GO 12 dated March 22, 2006, had appointed Yousuf Qureshi as chairman, Pratap Sinha as vice-chairman, Syed Taraq Quadri and L Feroz Begum as members. Their term was for a period of three years. Petitioner Mohammed Aqeel, an advocate from Hyderabad, said that the government is bound under the Act to reconstitute the commission in accordance with law.The term of the earlier commission expired in March 2009 and it has not been reconstituted since then, he said adding that no valid reasons were furnished by the government for not taking action on this front. The commission was intended to safeguard the interests of minorities and to undertake review of the implementation of policies pursued by the state and central governments regarding the minorities.He requested the court to direct the government to set into motion the process for reconstitution of the commission. Secretary to minority welfare and secretary to legislative affairs and law secretary were named as respondents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670626", "title": "80-year-old litigant dies in court", "text": "MUMBAI: An 80-year-old litigant\u00e2\u20ac\u201da retired Indian Army captain\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddied of a cardiac arrest in the Bombay high court on Tuesday while waiting for his case to be heard.Pune resident Inder Mohan Duggal was involved in a dispute with his neighbour, retired Brigadier Aseel Singh, over parking space in a residential complex in Kondwa. The matter related to a criminal revision application filed by Singh earlier this year in a defamation case, which was listed before Justice K U Chandiwal on Tuesday.Duggal, who was waiting for the case to come up for hearing, fell from his chair. Police officers rushed to his aid and took him to G T hospital, where he was declared dead before admission. This is the third such incident in recent times where a person has died in court. In 2008, senior advocate U T Walavalkar had died of a heart attack in the court room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17672763", "title": "HC questions cabinet role", "text": "A high court vacation division bench comprising Justice Anand Byrareddy and Justice B Manohar on Tuesday ordered notices to the chief minister (not named), the chief secretary, DG &amp; IG and Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishat (ABVP) with regard to a PIL.\"What is the source of power ? How can the cabinet interfere in criminal cases?'' the vacation bench asked the government advocate before posting the matter to December 20 for further hearing.Advocate NP Amrutesh, the petitioner , told the court that the state cabinet had taken a decision to withdraw criminal cases registered against ABVP activists and two sitting MLAs, Ramaswamy Gowda and Suresh Babu.\"ABVP is part and parcel of BJP. It is students' wing of the party. With an eye on the elections, the state cabinet had taken a decision on September 6 and November 11 to withdraw all the cases registered against them at Chitradurga and Tumkur. The decision to withdraw case against the MLAs was taken in a hurried manner as there is political polarization in Karnataka. It is against the views expressed by the apex court in Veerappan's case when several of his aides were released to secure the release of matinee idol Dr Rajkumar. It is bad in the eye of law,\" the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670323", "title": "SNDT Women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s University to go hi-tech to connect campuses", "text": "MUMBAI: According to the annual report presented at the 62nd convocation at Shreemati Nathibai Damodar Thackersey (SNDT) Women's University on Tuesday, all three campuses of the university, (Juhu and Churchgate in Mumbai, and one in Pune), will be connected via a fibre optic network and a single server to boost campus interaction. The university is moving towards using information and communication technology (ICT) for classroom learning.\"For the first time, not just winners but all PhD holders were felicitated on the dais at Tuesday's convocation programme,\" said vice chancellor Vasudha Kamat. Compared to 29 PhD scholars in the 2012-11 academic year, this year 68 students completed their doctoral degree. Research work completed by PhD scholars ranges from the fields of music to management, and Hindi to telecommunication. The university awarded degrees and diplomas to, 21375 students from its range of 155 programmes for the completion of their PhD, MPhil, Masters and PG diplomas in addition to Bachelor's and undergraduate degrees. Dr Rani Abhay Bang, social activist and co-director, of SEARCH, Gadchiroli was conferred the degree of Doctor of Letters (Honoris Causa) for her contribution in public health, clinical research and social change.Chief guest Dr Amrita Patel, chairperson, National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) delivered the convocation address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17673283", "title": "Thousands pay tribute to JMM co-founder", "text": "SINDRI: Thousands of people paid tributes to Binod Bihari Mahato, one of the founders of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and an important name in the state's social movement, on his 21st death anniversary on Tuesday.Mahto's son, Raj Kishore Mahato, who is chairman of the state judicial commission, was among other eminent guests present at a function organized at his samadhi in Baliapur. A sarva-dharma prayer was also organized on the occasion.Mahato formed Shivaji Samaj, a social reform organization, in 1971 that helped the state in its fight for social emancipation.Talking on the occasion, Raj Kishore expressed dissatisfaction over failure of successive state governments in ensuring overall development of the state. \"Binod Bihari Mahato fought for Jharkhand to ensure freedom of moolvasis from exploitation. But they are still being exploited by outsiders who have control over state resources.Local people have no say in governance of the state created in the name of their development and the government is yet to formulate state policies keeping the locals in mind,\" he said, adding that the state needed to take up more development projects to train local people. Dhanbad MLA Mannan Mallick, Baghmara MLA Dhullu Mahto and former Sindri MLA Anand Mahto were also present at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17671950", "title": "More than 1000 DMK cadres protest power crisis", "text": "COIMBATORE: The severe power shortage will adversely affect the AIADMK in the coming parliamentary elections, said DMK district president Pongalur N Palanisamy here on Tuesday.He was participating in a demonstration against the state government due to the power crisis the state is reeling under. \"The industrial sector in Coimbatore has been severely affected due to power shortage. Labourers have been losing their jobs and they are struggling to run their families. The power crisis will reflect on the forthcoming election results,\" said Pongalur Palanisamy.He also added that there were no possibilities to acquire vote banks. He was confident the AIADMK would be defeated. The people are preparing themselves for a silent revolution which would reflect in the coming parliament elections, he said.More than 200 DMK cadres gathered at Kalapatti on the outskirts of the city on Tuesday and raised slogans against the AIADMK government for the power crisis. The protesters said that after they came to power, the AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa promised that within three months the power crisis would be resolved. But now the state is facing 16 hours of power cuts everyday, they said.The city unit of DMK conducted a demonstration at Gandhipuram on Tuesday. Senior DMK leaders M Ramanathan and M Kannnappan had participated also. The city unit secretary M Veeragopal recalled that only four hours of outages were implemented during the DMK regime. The industries were still doing well. But now, lakhs of employees have lost their jobs in Tirupur and have gone back to their hometowns. Industries continue to shut down slowly due to severe power cuts. Over 1,000 cadres of DMK participated in the demonstration and raised slogans against the state government. The protests were held at 214 places in the district on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671331", "title": "Reply to Adarsh society plea to transfer petition to green tribunal: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The high court bench of acting Chief Justice D D Sinha and Justice K K Tated on Tuesday directed the Union Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) to file its reply to a plea by Adarsh housing society to transfer its petition challenging the demolition order to the National Green Tribunal (NGT).The HC asked the society to file a formal application seeking transfer within two weeks and asked the Centre to file a reply by January 29. The society had based its plea on a direction given by the SC while hearing the Bhopal gas tragedy case that matters questioning provisions of environmental laws should be heard by the green tribunal. \"We need to see if the matter falls under the ambit of the Green Tribunal Act,\" Justice Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670897", "title": "Candlelight vigil at India Gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday's gang rape in the city has angered people. In a show of solidarity to the victim, volunteers of Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's Art of Living hosted a candlelight vigil at India Gate on Tuesday.The need of the hour is \"to raise better human beings rather than just punish heinous crimes\", they said.\"Moral education should be a part of the school curriculum. Children must be taught to respect everyone including strangers,\" Tarun Om Kathuria, a volunteer, said.Deepti Mehra felt \"as Indians we have a chalta hai attitude even if we end up hurting someone\". \"There is no culture of forgiveness. Every crime is not always about law and order,\" Mehra added. The slogans sported by this lively group read: 'Do not teach a woman or a girl how to dress, rather teach your son how to behave', 'Nazar tumhari buri, parda hum kyun pehne'.\"I am a free citizen with the right to walk the streets safely. Why are these mishaps seen as a reflection of what women do?\" Mitali Kumar, a student, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17673266", "title": "Besra fears for life, asks for security", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand Peoples' Party (JPP) president Surya Singh Besra, who has \"exposed\" many alleged corrupt practices of two deputy chief ministers of the state recently, on Tuesday expressed threat to his life. The former MLA was also prevented from entering the irrigation department guest house here to address the scheduled press conference.He said the graft exposes of the two incumbent deputy chief ministers, Sudesh Mahato and Hemant Sorenhad infuriated the government. \"Not only I was prevented from entering Nirmal Bhavan (the guest house), government officials are also not sharing crucial information sought under the Right to Information Act as well,\" Besra said.The irrigation department is headed by deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato and the guest house is where Besra has been addressing press conference for the past several years.Besra, who has recently formed an outfit Jharkhand Against Corruption (JAC) on the lines of India Against Corruption, has announced continuing his crusade against the corrupt politicians in the state.\"Despite roadblock from the government, my campaign against the corrupt politicians of the state will continue undeterred,\" said the JPP president. claiming that he had filed an PIL against Mahato in the Jharkhand high court on Monday.The JPP president also said he would demand adequate police security from the district administration. \"Now, when things are adverse and I see threat to my life, adequate security is what I deserve,\" said Besra adding he would soon expose a senior cabinet minister of the Munda government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671847", "title": "Govt to woo minorities before panchayat elections", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is going all out to woo the minorities before next year's panchayat elections. The government is considering a proposal to recover all encroached Waqf land and use them for the benefit of minorities. It is also mulling the idea to introduce English from Class VIII in all madrassas in the state, according to sources.Just ahead of the Minority Rights Day, newly appointed minister of state for minority affairs Giyasuddin Mollah held a meeting with state urban development minister Firhad Hakim at Writers' Buildings on Monday to discuss the plans. \"We are trying to bring in an overall development for the minorities. We are working on several plans,\" Mollah said.It was discussed in the meeting that all encroached Waqf board properties has to be recovered and utilize them properly. Earlier, the government came up with a proposal in the state cabinet to move an amendment to the Waqf Act, 1995, as the government wants to increase the honorarium of the Waqf board chairman. The proposal will be sent to the President for approval.According to sources, a proposal has also been mooted to introduce English from Class VIII in all madrassas from the next academic year. At present, English is being taught in madrassas but not much stress is being given. Also, till now students who get above 50% marks in madrassa get scholarships. A proposal has been placed to allow students who marginally miss the 50%-mark to get scholarships for higher education. More hostels have also been planned in the districts.Setting up of the Aliah University campus and the Haj tower in Rajarhat New Town was also zeroed in on, Mollah said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee earlier said at several public meetings that the government was trying to recognize as many as 10,000 madrasas. The state financially supports 612 registered madrasas or Islamic seminaries. The government was earlier conducting a survey to prepare a complete list of all madrasas in the state that can be forwarded to the Centre. A survey was already initiated to select the eligible madrassas from the applications that have come in the state secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "narayanpatna", "code": "17672313", "title": "Maoist arms dump found", "text": "NARAYANPATNA: Security forces engaged in anti-naxal operations unearthed a huge Maoist arms dump late on Monday night in Musilimunda forest in Naryanpatna block of Koraput district in Odisha, just about 30 kms from the border of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh. The security forces, a combination of BSF and Narayanpatna police, were on combing operation when they stumbled upon the dump in the dense forest.They recovered five landmines, each weighing about four kilograms, five remote control devices that are used to trigger landmines, one country made gun, huge quantity of Maoist literature, bulk quantity of uniforms and bundles of red cloth that are used to cut out naxal flags and banners.According to a senior officer engaged in anti-naxal operations, the Maoists are seriously falling short of arms and ammunition ever since the security forces have been focusing on choking them on this front. The AOB (Andhra Odisha Border) is considered to be Maoist-infested area and the recovery of this dump can be termed as a success for the security forces.Apart from an arms crisis, the banned outfit has been falling short of leaders both on the intellectual front and in the military wing. The leaders have been either surrendering because of bad health or have been nabbed or killed in encounters with security forces.A senior police officer from the intelligence wing pointed out that most of the grassroots military operations are now being left to the tribal youth, who are ill-trained and also not strong ideologically, unlike earlier times. They lack leadership skills, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17672206", "title": "Naval guards, relatives can celebrate Xmas in state: Kerala govt", "text": "KOCHI: Relatives of the two Italian naval guards accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen are welcome to visit and celebrate Christmas in Kerala, state government submitted to the Kerala high court on Tuesday.The submission by director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali was during the hearing of a petition by the marines, Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, seeking permission to visit Italy during Christmas.While the government may not be able to allow the demand for sending the marines home to visit family and friends and celebrate Christmas in Italy, there is no bar for the relatives to visit them in Kerala, the DGP told the court.\"People from all over the world are coming to Kerala to celebrate Christmas and Onam. We can allow the relatives also to visit the marines,\" the DGP submitted.State government is even willing to allow the marines to travel in Kerala, despite the bail condition that they should reside in Kochi, within 10 kilometres of Kochi city police commissioner's office, government has informed.If the relatives are ready to visit them in Kerala, state government would make necessary arrangements for providing them with visas to visit the marines, the court was told.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672303", "title": "Conference on networks from December 19", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The eighth International Conference on Communication and Sensor Networks ( WCSN-2012) organized by Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad, will be held at Naresuan University Phitsanulok, Thailand, from December 19-23.IIIT-A director MD Tiwari said wireless communication and sensor networks (WCSN) is of great interest to the research community due to its significant promised impact on the society in past few decades. \"The power aware designs of network components, availability of adequate wireless channel bandwidths and availability of reliable sensor network components and sensor networks technologies enable us to build large and sustainable application system that would benefit the society. Application areas such as health, agriculture environment monitoring and many other similar areas are looking for solutions from pervasive computing and wireless sensor networks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17672963", "title": "Nightmarish visit: Quack rapes woman", "text": "JAIPUR: A woman has alleged rape by a quack when she approached him for treatment of scary dreams in her sleep. The woman thought that she was having dreams due to some supernatural reasons. An FIR has been registered with Ramganj police station.According to the police, the 30-year old woman, resident of Mansarovar, had come across an advertisement in a newspaper in which it was claimed that one Shabir Khan, who the advertisment claimed, was capable of decoding nightmares and curing the same. The advertisement also said that Khan's clinics were situated at Luharon Ka Khurra in Ramganj.\"The woman was depressed for the past two years due to scary dreams. She wanted to get treatment and was trapped into contacting the quack,\" said SHO, Ramganj Narendra Sharma.\"The woman contacted Jafar and a woman Jahida. They led her her to Shabir Khan. Shabir told the woman that she would have to stay with him for treatment,\" said the officer.The woman said she stayed at his house, however, he drugged her and raped her about a week ago. \"She said she was kept hostage in the house and the jewellery that she was wearing was taken away by Shabir, Jafar and Jahida. She somehow managed to escape from their clutches. The woman approached a court which directed the police to lodge an FIR on Monday,\" said the officer.The officer added that the statements of the woman are yet to be taken. \"We had sent a team to her house on Tuesday, but she could not be found. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17673076", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Shaken slum says hang them if guilty", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hardship is writ large in Ravidas Camp \u00e2\u20ac\u201d home to the accused in Sunday's gang rape case \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and honour is clearly the most prized of its residents' few possessions. When TOI visited this slum in RK Puram's Sector 3 on Tuesday, the general reaction was: hang the accused, if they are guilty.\"Never from this area has anyone been accused of such a ghastly crime. Our society is well reputed. But this act has brought shame upon us,\" said Srinivas Sharma, a resident. The stress on justice is also rooted in this neighbourhood's shared fears: \"If these men are guilty, our sisters and daughters can't live in peace\".Set up in the 1990s, Ravidas Camp is a typical slum with tin roofs covering painted brick walls. Most men here work as auto drivers, rickshaw pullers or street vendors. The women supplement incomes by working as domestic helps. There's no privacy behind the curtained doors that line the narrow lanes and open drains. Cans at every door tell a story of water shortage.The prime accused, Ram Singh, Mukesh, and Kalu, had lived in the Camp a long time. Another resident, Vinay, has been held in connection with the case.The locals say Ram Singh has three brothers, of whom Mukesh stayed with him, while Raju, an electrician, and Madhu, a municipal worker, stayed apart. Kalu lived in a nearby market with his parents, who are fruit vendors, and a 13-year-old sister.Hari Ram, Vinay's father who works with the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security at the airport, said, \"He was taken away by police last evening, before I returned home. Policemen later returned and asked for his Class X marks sheet. If my son is found guilty, he should definitely be given severe punishment, but if not, they must release him soon. We want proper investigation\". Vinay, a gym instructor, was doing his first year of B.Com from DU's Open School of Learning. He studied up to Class 12 at a village school in Basti, UP. Champadevi, his mother, said, \"As a woman and mother of a girl, I understand the brutality of the crime. But had my son been involved, he would have run away. He was relaxing at home and did not appear tense. He knew the other accused because they live nearby, but was not close to them. Yesterday, he was at home all day.\"The magnitude of the crime has shaken up the slum. People on the outskirts initially denied knowledge of the arrests. While some refused to talk, others denied knowing the accused.Another resident, Kishor Kumar Bhatt, 48, said Ram Singh, Mukesh and Kalu had a bad reputation. They used to get drunk and cause a ruckus.\"Some years ago, Ram Singh ran away with a girl of his neighbourhood,\" he said.\"We would have thrown them out if we had an inkling of what they would do. They should be hanged, if found guilty. If released, they'll again commit such crimes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17675615", "title": "Airtel, Idea, Vodafone lose over 9 million users in November: COAI", "text": "NEW DELHI: GSM mobile operators, including Bharti Airtel , Vodafone and Idea, lost over 9 million subscribers in November, bringing down the user base to 663.78 million, industry body COAI said today.The total subscriber base at the end of October was 672.80 million users.The top three operators -- Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular -- which account for over 67 per cent of the GSM market lost over 6.74 million users in November, data released by Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) said.Not even a single operator added any new subscriber during November, 2012.Bharti Airtel, which is the industry leader with a 27.66 per cent market share, lost 2.80 million users to take its subscriber base to 183.61 million, it said.Vodafone and Idea Cellular lost 2.38 million users and 1.56 million users respectively. With this, Vodafone's subscriber base stood at 150.76 million, while that of Idea Cellular was at 114.14 million at the end of November 2012, COAI said.Aircel lost 1.46 million users in November which squeezed its user base to 65.32 million at the end of November.Uninor lost 4,37,915 users, while Videocon lost 3,79,787 subscribers in the said month.The COAI figures showed that state-run operator BSNL did not add a single subscriber in November and had a 14.64 per cent share in the GSM market with 97.17 million subscribers.Another state-run firm MTNL lost 741 users, taking its user base to 5.12 million at the end of November 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17673485", "title": "Railway users put forth wish-list to Mysore division of southwestern railway", "text": "MYSORE: Members of Divisional Railway Users' Consultative Committee (DRUCC) discussed issues pertaining to passenger amenities and other related issues at the 20th DRUCC meeting here on Tuesday.The members took up issues related to infrastructure for the benefit of passengers like first-aid box, free electrical adapters in all compartments to charge cellphones, toilet and drinking water facilities at platforms and more ticket counters.The main demand was to reduce the running hours of train coming under South Western Railways like Yeshwantpur-Karwar train and Mysore-Shimoga-Mysore fast passenger.They also demanded additional stoppages for some trains at various stations throughout the Mysore division and rescheduling of some trains. They also insisted the authorities to include improvements to passenger amenities on platforms and better comfort levels at waiting rooms.DRUCC member B S Shankara said the railways does not guarantee safety and punctuality, and many of the actions promised in previous meetings were not followed.Replying to this, divisional railway manager (DRM) Vinod Kumar said that they take care of 3 lakh passengers everyday. Helplines have been pasted on each bogie to check harassment on women.Sudharshan from Puttur complained that none of the grievances mailed to the DRM have got reply.The members asked the officials to visit all railway stations and listen to the public grievances there. \"Meetings are of no use if they do not understand the ground reality,\" they alleged. Responding to the demands, the officials said that they will forward them to the authorities concerned. They will be implemented depending on their feasibility and requirement. A feasibility study will be conducted as per the rules governing such works.Senior divisional commissioner manager Anup Dayanand Sadhu, railway officials and members representing different areas covered by SWR attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672814", "title": "Couple held for cheating contractor of Rs 9 lakh", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Mukundwadi police arrested Amol Suresh Yadav, a resident of Lekhanagar, Cidco in Nasik on Tuesday evening for duping a city based government contractor to the tune of Rs 8.7 lakhs. His wife Anupama has been detained as well.The police said, Yadav and his wife Anupama Mutha came down to city almost three years ago and started living at Shiv Shankar colony. Yadav, who got introduced to Sunil Madhukar Nagargoje (35) a government contractor by profession and a resident of Garkheda area while working on a contract, made claims of having huge contacts and enough capacity to invest a sum of Rs 2 crores into Nagargoje's construction business.The accused couple duped the contractor by claiming that that Anupama's cousin brother, an NRI based in USA, would soon be visiting India to invest huge amounts of money. They said that he will require a four wheeler to roam around in the country and took Nagargoje's car. They also took two cheques worth Rs 2.20 lakhs and Rs 6.5 lakhs from him citing various reasons, making the total amount to Rs 8.7 lakhs, added the police.The police also said that the accused also flaunted their contacts with the senior police officers and allegedly threatened the government contractor of asking the cops to kill him in an encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673281", "title": "Mercury to dip as Himalayan breeze arrives", "text": "RANCHI: The temperature is likely to fall by two to three degrees Celsius in a couple of days as the northeasterly wind coming from the northern part of the country, which has been receiving heavy snowfall over the week, reaches Jharkhand. As of now, the minimum temperature in the state capital is around 11 degree Celsius while the maximum is 25 degree Celsius. The maximum humidity is 91% while the minimum humidity is 39%.Officials in the local meteorological department said the minimum temperature is likely to touch 8-9 degree Celsius after December 22. Ranchi Met office director GK Mohanty said: \"After December 22, the state capital will get colder than what it has been this winter and the northeasterly wind will bring more chill to the air.\" The Met department does not issue any formal weather forecast.A senior official in the department said: \"The chill will be a result of heavy snowfall in the western Himalayas. The snowfall has resulted into a dip in the mercury in the northern parts of the country. The winds, which are coming to Jharkhand or passing through the state, are brining the chill here. It will grow in the days to come.\"The met department said that the chill will also bring some fog to the state capital. \"The mornings are likely to be foggy in Ranchi from December 22 onwards. As the state capital is situated on a hilly area, the fog is not expected to remain for long. Ranchi gets sun rays before the plains and the fog does not stay here for too long,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "17671812", "title": "Quacks give dentists a run for their money", "text": "TUTICORIN: Dental quacks are playing havoc with oral hygiene of rural people in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu with over 80 of them based in various parts of Tuticorin district and about 200 more in other parts.According to Dr C Sivakumar, state secretary of the Indian Dental Association (IDA), fake dentists are ruling the roost in the rural pockets, where awareness on oral hygiene is very poor among the people. He said that a meeting to discuss the problems caused by these quacks was held in Tuticorin, on Sunday. There about 160 registered dentists in Tuticorin and they had identified about 80 quacks, who are having full-fledged clinics in the rural pockets.\"We plan to submit petitions to the state government and also the district administration with all details including the names and addresses of these quacks and if possible even photographs of the so-called dentists with their clinics,\" he said.These 'dentists' can be identified by the boards outside their shady clinics, which have the name of the person written in white paint on a black background, whereas a registered dentist of the IDA will have a blue and white board, Sivakumar said.The members of the IDA have gone about doing their homework to identified the fake dentists in this region and they had come across one person, who was extracting a tooth for as low as Rs 20, whereas in reality, a tooth extraction costs about Rs 1,000. No sterilization, autoclaving or disposable injections are used in these clinics, according to Sivakumar.Their boards display the words RIMP, which stands for Registered Indian Medical Practitioners when in reality there is no such degree. These fake dentists are also well versed in the technique of fixing low-cost dentures, where they can give a person a set of about four teeth for as low as Rs 250, when the minimum cost for replacing a single tooth will cost as much as Rs 1,000.These quacks use acrylic plates for fixing permanent dentures, but acrylic is known to be carcinogenic and highly risky. He said that they also used to wire on which the acrylic plate with the fixed teeth are suspended to support the dentures. The quacks set up their clinics in some of the most remote places and befriend the people and use their personal relationship, to develop their business as dentists.Villagers, who lack awareness still think that tooth aches are caused by worms and the quacks use this ignorance to their gain. Sivakumar said that they pour a few drops of diluted sulphuric acid on the gums of the patients and when the gums start peeling as a result of the acid treatment, they draw out strings of tissue and claim that they are worms pulled out from the infected tooth. As the acid kills the microorganisms in the infected tooth and gives immediate relief from the tooth ache, the patient also goes home happy.The Indian Dental Association wants the government to act immediately against these quacks, failing which they plan to stage protests as the health of the people is at risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17671815", "title": "Teesta poisoning kills 35 species of fish", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Panic spread across Jalpaiguri town after thousands of fish were found floating on the surface of Teesta river early on Tuesday. The incident comes a year after 52 fish species had died due to poisoning of the Karala river.The Teesta river was poisoned near Spur 1 and the poison reportedly spread over a kilometre and dead fishes were netted out even near Spur 2. Fishes like rohu, boal, boroli, mrigel ,bata, kalbaus, puti and tangra were seen heaped on the banks and locals suspect about 35 species died in the poisoning that was done in the wee hours on Tuesday while everybody was asleep.Soon as the news spread, officials from the fisheries, PHE, PWD and Jalpaiguri Municipality rushed to the spot. But by then the traders had already dispatched majority of the catch to the various markets in the area. Later, the administration raided Din Bazaar, Boyelkhana Bazaar, Station Bazaar, Bou Bazaar and several other markets to seize the poisoned fishes. While the retailers have been warned not to sell the poisoned catch, the municipality made announcements and asked people to be careful when buying fish.\"We have collected samples of the river water and will send it to Kolkata for tests. Primarily it seems a case of poisoning,\" said Subhasish Chakraborty, extension officer of fisheries. However, local resident Krishna Chhetri - who first spotted fishes floating on the surface - said that the quantity of poison poured in Teesta was much less as compared to the Karala river.Jalpaiguri SDO Sagar Chakraborty said, \"Unless the water is examined properly, we cannot tell precisely what led to death of the fishes. We have asked the municipality and the fisheries to make people of the town aware so that they do not consume fishes from Teesta. We are worried as two similar incidents have occurred in Jalpaiguri in the past one year.\" It may be recalled that an insecticide named endosulfan had poisoned the Karala river last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672673", "title": "2 women stabbed, shot by suicidal lovers", "text": "KANPUR: Two incidents were reported on Tuesday in which women were killed by their lovers who later committed suicide.A youth allegedly killed his ex-girlfriend and later committed suicide by jumping in front of a running train here late Monday night. Shrikant Yadav alias Jamuna (25), a resident of Rajapurwa locality under the Kakadeo police station, hacked to death his 24-year-old ex-girlfriend Seema Yadav of the same area late Monday night.A neighbour alerted police control room on hearing the commotion and cops from nearby police out-post rushed to the spot. The youth, who fled from the spot leaving behind his mobile phone and murder weapon, allegedly jumped in front of an approaching train at a railway crossing in the Nazirabad police area soon after a police team launched a hunt in the area to arrest him.Sources said, before the ghastly act, the youth had called up the girl and asked her to come to terrace where he hacked her into pieces following a confrontation.Later, in the wee-hours of Tuesday, Shrikant's severed body was found lying near the railway crossing on Kanpur-Farrukhabad railway line, said police, adding that both bodies had been sent for post mortem.\"Shrikant was attacked Seema repeatedly with a sharp-edged weapon till she collapsed on the floor. House inmates including her father Chhotey Lal, mother Shanti and brother Ramu heard her cries and rushed her to the hospital, where she succumbed to wounds due to heavy blood loss,\" said SP (West) Bharat Singh.\"I saw Shrikant running out of the house and tried to stop him but he escaped. When I reached the terrace, I saw my daughter lying in a pool of blood,\" said Chhotey Lal. The girl was a B.Ed and was preparing for Teacher Eligibility Test (TET), said the police.The investigating officer added that preliminary findings indicated that the motive behind the murder was vengeance as an outcome of Seema's parents rejecting Shrikant's marriage proposal and arranging her marriage with another youth.Police suspect the murder and suicide were premeditated since Shrikant went to Seema's house with a sharp-edged weapon. Seema and her siblings used to sleep on the first floor of the house and her parents used to stay on the ground floor.Yadav, who was pursuing graduation from a prominent degree college in the city, had been in a relationship with Seema for the past few years. Police have registered a case and are investigating.In another shocking incident, a 24-year-old girl was shot dead by her spurned lover on Tuesday morning in Tundla of Firozabad district. Later, he committed suicide by turning the gun at himself.Prashant, a resident of Mahalakshmi Talkies in Agra, allegedly shot dead Puja Sharma daughter of Ramesh Chandra Babu, a railway employee, in her house at railway colony in Tundla, said police. Puja, who had been teaching at a local public school, was to get married shortly.In the morning hours, while she was preparing to leave for school, Prashant barged into her house and shot Puja from close range, leaving her wounded critically.Prashant then shot himself in the head. On hearing the gunshots, house-inmates rushed to the spot and took a profusely bleeding Puja to a nearby hospital where she was pronounced dead on arrival, a police official said. The accused, who was admitted to a hospital too succumbed to wounds later.\"From initial findings, it seems Prashant was opposed to Puja's wedding,\" said a police official.\"It is yet to be ascertained whether Prashant had an affair with Puja or if the love was one-sided. We are questioning the girl's parents and other family members to know more,\" he said.Sources said Prashant was in love with Puja, but the girl's parents didn't find the man suitable as he was not educated. A case has been registered at the local police station and further investigations are underway, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17673365", "title": "AGP urges EC to update voters' list", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) urged the state election commission to update the voters' list and include the fresh electorates of Assam in the list so that they can enjoy their democratic right in the ensuing panchayat polls next year.On Monday, the state election commission announced that the three-phased panchayat election will begin on January 30 and end on February 12.In a letter to the commission, AGP general secretary Ramendra Narayan Kalita said, \"The voters' list for the ensuing panchayat polls is made on the basis of electoral lists of 2012. However, since the panchayat polls are in 2013, we fear that many fresh electorates are going to miss the election. So, we urge the state election commission to look seriously into the matter and update the voters' list.\"The AGP also urged the election commission to ensure fair and safe panchayat polls in the state.\"In the last panchayat election, there were several instances of unfair means being used by the ruling government to dictate the polls. We want the state election commission to take strong measures this time to ensure fair polls,\" said AGP publicity secretary Manoj Saikia.The regional party also demanded strong security arrangements for the panchayat polls in the state.While the first phase of the election will cover upper Assam districts, the second phase will cover central and lower Assam districts. The final phase will be held mostly in Barak Valley districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17671845", "title": "Good news for bank customers", "text": "The passage of this Bill in the Lok Sabha should signal good news for customers of banks. If the Rajya Sabha passes the bill, as is likely given the bipartisan support for it, it would open up the possibility of new bank licences being issued by RBI. More banking licences should translate into more choices for the customer, which is always welcome. This is particularly true in India's banking sector, where there has been a tendency for banks to act in concert more often than not in fixing interest rates. Hopefully eager new entrants will break that trend.Related Story:  Corporates set to open bank a/cs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672936", "title": "Wi-Fi-enabled Sampark Centre for Sector 21", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first free Wi-Fi enabled Sampark Centre was inaugurated in Sector 21 by UT's IT department on Tuesday.The Sampark Centre in Sector 21 is the 26th Sampark Centre in the flagship Sampark project of the Chandigarh administration, including 13 Gram Sampark Centres.Besides providing 22 government to citizens (G2C) and four business to citizens(B2C) services from 8am to 8pm (Monday to Saturday) to residents, an Aadhaar ( UID) enrolment centre has also been set up at this Sampark centre.UT adviser K K Sharma said the free wi-fi hotspot would enable residents visiting the Sampark Centre in Sector 21 to stay connected to the internet through their smart phones, tablets and laptops.At the time of using the Wi-Fi service, the users will have to register their mobile number as proof of identity. This free Wi-Fi access at the Sampark Centre is a secured system and has been set up with support from a private company and will be available during the Sampark Centre's working hours.Also on the cards is ePayment facility to add another channel for the convenient delivery of public services to residents right at their homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671821", "title": "Expedite plan on Shivaji memorial in sea, says MLC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Legislative council members, in a voice-vote cutting across the party lines, have demanded an early completion of the proposed Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj memorial of Maratha warrior Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in on the Arabian sea. The concept was mooted way back in 1980 but had gained momentum during the tenure of former CM chief minister Ashok Chavan. Slated to be located at 1.5kms of Marine Drive, the estimated cost of the project is Rs350 crore. The members in a voice-vote had stressed on early completion of the international memorial that will be built on the lines of Statue of liberty in the New York.MLC Dr Dipak Sawant has demanded that just as like the state government had made efforts to acquire Indu Mill land for for getting Indu Mill land for the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar memorial, it should also complete the Shivaji memorial on an urgent basis. He said informed that though there were environmental some issues pertaining to related to the environment that had led to the proposal being stalled stalling of the proposal, efforts must nevertheless be put in made to clear the hurdles.Another member, while calling the memorial as pride of the country stated that it should be completed at the earliest.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar assured the house that he would will convene a joint meeting with thecouncil chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh, chief minister CM Prithviraj Chavan and leader of the opposition Vinod Tawde on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17673318", "title": "Cops intensify patrolling in nine Garhwa villages", "text": "GARHWA: Police have intensified patrolling in nine villages following reports of movement of armed rebels of the suspected Tritiya Prastuti committee (TPC).The villages are Banpurva, Bongasi, Khonhar, Belhara, Cheripokhar, Kitasoti, Karkey, Baligarh and Gijna under the Sadar police station area of the district.Sources said a TPC squad comprising some 50 armed rebels was seen moving from one village to another for the past couple of days. \"However, they have not carried out any big incident so far, except for some stray incidents of random firing and abduction of a kiln worker who was later set free by them,\" a source said.The same squad had abducted a kiln worker from Bongasi village, 14 km from the district headquarters, on Sunday night. They also fired in air at the Tahley bridge, 12 km away from here, the same day.Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said: \"We have the information of rebels' movement in these areas. But villagers need not frightened as police have intensified patrolling in these areas.\" The villagers should informed police about the rebels movement on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "trichy/madurai", "code": "17671832", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t mislead people by filing false cases, KN Nehru tells government", "text": "TRICHY/MADURAI: DMK leader KN Nehru on Tuesday turned his party's planned agitation against the power shutdown in the state, to settle scores with the ruling regime saying, \"Foist a few more cases against me and then I will be visiting from one court to the other throughout the month.\"Speaking during the agitation in Trichy, Nehru said, \"Don't think I am a bad guy just because the present regime foists false cases after false cases against me. My only contention is that if I am wrong, let them hang me, but do not try to mislead the people by forcing the police file fabricated cases against me at the drop of a hat.\"Nehru, who served as electricity minister between 1989 and 1991 explained that the electricity needs of the state that stood at 3300 MW in 1979 increased to 14,000 MW at present, but until 1987 when MGR's rule ended, no new schemes were proposed. Furthermore, there was none in the 10-year regime of Jayalalithaa. He claimed that all sources of power generation at present were to due to the DMK's efforts and the AIADMK was painting a picture that the present power crisis was due to the previous DMK regime's thoughtless policies. \"False propaganda is the order of the day of the pre404sent government,\" Nehru said.Reply to Trichy East MLA Manoharan's ridicule that the DMK was daydreaming of repeating the saga of getting all the 40 MP seats, Nehru said, \"Either you daydream or dream in the deep night, but you cannot win a single parliamentary seat with the kind of power situation that prevails in the state. But, instead of challenging us politically, the ruling party unleashed the police against us,\" he lamented. \"Make no mistake, our own downfall was brought about by excessive reliance on the police and the ruling party was heading in the same direction,\" Nehru revealed.Meanwhile, thousands of DMK party functionaries from Madurai took part in the protest called by the party headquarters against the state government.The protest was staged at four places in the city limits near Madurai collectorate, Kalavasal, Munichalai Junction and Scott Road, whereas the protest was conducted in 19 places in the district including Melur and Othakadai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17673002", "title": "Youth shot at near Haryana CM's house", "text": "ROHTAK: A BA-II year student of a college was shot at by another youth in the Model Town, in front of a police post on Tuesday. They were involved in a minor dispute some time ago, police said.Sumit Kumar, 19, a resident of Bohar village and a student of Pt Neki Ram Sharma Government College, was going towards the college with his friends when he was shot at by the assailant, who according to police, is a student of Jat Senior Secondary School.The police said Neeraj Kumar of Jind district along with two others came on a bike and fired twice at Sumit. Sources said one of the gunshots hit Sumit in the thigh while second in stomach. As he fell on the ground, bleeding profusely, people gathered on the spot called the police and he was rushed to PGIMS.The crime took place within 100 metre radius of the Model Town police station and the residence of Haryana chief minister.Rohtak SSP Vivek Sharma said inquiries revealed that victim had a minor dispute with Neeraj, a student of Class XII in Jat school, recently which seemed to be the cause behind the incident. \"We are trying to track the accused, who is on the run,\" the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17672328", "title": "India lost $123bn in black money in 10 yrs: US think tank report", "text": "BEIJING: China is listed as the leading source of global outflows of tainted money with India ranking eighth in the list compiled by a Washington-based think tank, Global Financial Integrity. China lost $2.74 trillion and India $123 billion to international outflows of illicit cash between 2001 and 2010, it said.Some 150 developing countries lost $5.9 trillion by way of illegal outflows in those 10 years, the Global Financial Integrity said in a report, which showed that the financial crisis has not adversely affected the production and flow of corrupt money.The report, co-authored by an economist of Indian origin, Dev Kar, said the global outflows rose from $776 billion in 2009 amid the financial crisis to $859 billion in 2010. The all-time high of $871 billion was in 2008.Malaysia with $64 billion in illegal outflows took the second position followed by Mexico. The bulk of illegal money flows accounting for 61% came from Asia. It is followed by just over 15% from the Western hemisphere and just over 10% from West Asia-Gulf and North Africa.Illegal money out of China was $420 billion in 2010 and exceeded $2.7 trillion for the decade ending in 2010, which was nearly half that period's total for all developing countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17672610", "title": "Now, pipe composts turn Pettippalam protest green", "text": "KANNUR: Nearly 14 months after it began, the agitation against the garbage dumping at Pettippalam in New Mahe panchayat is taking a green turn, with groups involved taking initiatives to install pipe compost units and collecting plastic waste for recycling.\"We launched this as a mode of agitation only, because we want to tell the world that we don't dump any waste here and this place is not a waste bin,\" said Pettippalam Malinya Viruddha Visala Samara Munnani chairman N V Ajayakumar.Though the pipe compost units have been set up in nearly 20 houses, the munnani is planning to install them in all houses in the panchayat. \"This is one of the most economical methods of waste disposal and the Punnol-Pettippalam locality will be a zero-waste zone if every household is willing to install them,\" he said. They are also collecting plastic waste from households, which they plan to send to a plastic recycling unit in Muzhappilangad once in two months.Munnani women's wing convenor C T Jubairia said the New Mahe panchayat had not offered any support to the project. \"The panchayat has funds for such projects. Authorities claim that they are not ready and hence the individual households are bearing the expense.\"Panchayat vice-president A V Kader Master said they were finalizing a project. \"It will be ready in a few months,\" he said.The agitators said the green initiatives were also an effort to make the Thalassery municipal authorities realize that there are simple methods of handling the garbage disposal issue. However, the Pothujanarogya Samrakshana Samithi, also agitating over the Pettippalam issue, is not happy with the move. \"We should approach this issue holistically, that is why our women's wing -- Mothers against Waste Dumping -- has launched a Clean and Green Punnol campaign,\" samithi general convenor P M Abdul Nazer said. \"We never used to dump our waste anywhere and we used to treat it in our own household but this move gives a feeling that the waste in Pettippalam was dumped by those in the panchayat, and that would actually help the municipality in their campaign against the agitation,\" he said.However, both the groups are united in that they would not allow anyone to bring waste to Pettippalam and they don't want the proposed waste treatment plant there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672495", "title": "Customs seize gold coins worth Rs40 lakh from flier", "text": "CHENNAI: Gold coins worth Rs 40 lakh were seized from a passenger who arrived at the city airport from Dubai via Doha on Tuesday. Customs officials said he was also carrying 3,000 euros.Customs authorities in Chennai have been busy in the last one month, catching fliers, mostly Sri Lankans, trying to smuggle in gold into the country. In Tuesday's case, the coins were hidden in parts of the clothing of Mohamed Ali Saleem Jahir, a resident of Nagoor. He was stopped on suspicion that he might be carrying gold.Officers said the 175 gold coins with foreign markings weighed 8g each, totalling 1.4kg. The market value of the gold coins was estimated at 40,75,400. The euros seized worth 2,16,000.Officials said that in the last few days they had stepped up vigil at the airport following intelligence that a number of carriers have been assigned the task of smuggling gold into the city. Last month, a Sri Lankan national was arrested with Rs 8 lakh worth of gold chain hidden in his collar. Earlier, a Sri Lankan woman was arrested by customs officials when she was carrying 700g of gold biscuits hidden in her wig. In the last year, more than 20 Sri Lankan nationals were arrested and more than 40kg of gold was seized from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670944", "title": "Two leopard cubs trapped in Thane fort tank, rescued", "text": "MUMBAI: The dilapidated Ghodbunder fort in Kashimira was the hub of activity on Tuesday morning as villagers rescued two leopard cubs trapped inside an unused and dry water tank on the fort premises.The cubs, around five months old, may have been separated from their mother in the wee hours of Tuesday and fallen into the tank covered with muck. The two were noticed by a group of villagers who had gone to the fort premises to answer nature's call. One of them said they heard some wails coming from the water tank at around 9am. On checking, they saw the cubs covered in muck inside the 8-ft water tank. There are two water tanks on the fort premises. The tanks are mostly empty, except during rains.The group of men then alerted residents of the nearby Ghodbunder village. The rescue took place around 11am after the villagers got a wooden ladder and placed it inside the tank. The cubs then walked up the ladder and sprinted away to the jungle, adjoining the Sanjay Gandhi National Park.Earlier in the day, the news of the trapped leopards spread in the area and people made a beeline for the fort. As the frightened cubs looked on inside the tank, the villagers kept clicking their photos. By the time, forest officials and veterinary doctors arrived, the cubs had moved into the forest. The forest officials then alerted the public to leave the fort premises as they feared that the mother leopard would be around in search of her little ones.The Portuguese fort, built in the 1730s, is in ruins. Some preservation work on the fort has now begun. Villagers say that spotting leopards and panthers is a regular feature due to the fort's proximity to the national park. But this is the first time that leopard cubs were trapped on the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17672147", "title": "Entrepreneurs demand more land for industrial development", "text": "NASHIK: Government officials were at the receiving end at a meeting of the Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM) on Tuesday when entrepreneurs created a ruckus over shortage of land for industrial development in Nashik.The entrepreneurs raised the issue of land shortage and sought the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) to allot land for the industry immediately, at the meeting of ZUM held with additional district collector R V Game.President of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) Dhananjay Bele, said, \"The industry in both Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of MIDC is fully occupied and there is no additional land available for the industry in Nashik. The growth of Nashik has come to standstill due to non-availability of land here. There is no land available expansion of the existing industries. Many industries are willing to set up their base here in Nashik, but availability of land is a major hurdle here. MIDC has notified farmers' land in Wadivarhe, Gonde, Dindori and Sinnar, and has made entry into to 7/12 extracts. As a result, farmers can't sell out their land as MIDC is not acquiring it. Hence, MIDC must make time-bound programme and chalk out a certain policy for land acquisition.\"Bele further said, \"MIDC has notified thousands of hectares for the industry for the last few years, but could not acquire a single hectare. The growth of Nashik has been badly affected due to non-availability of land in Nashik region. Hence, land should be made available for the industry at the earliest.\"Ramdas Khedkar, Regional Officer (Nashik division), MIDC, said, \"Around 5,000 hectares of land has been notified in Nashik and is in different stages of acquisition. The notified land is not allotted to the industry until it is acquired by the MIDC. After the land acquisitions, MIDC make lay-out of the acquired land and distributes plots to the industrialists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17670333", "title": "Nalanda cops seize 2,600 litres of spurious liquor, 61 held", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: In the aftermath of recent hooch tragedies which killed several persons in different districts of the state, the Nalanda police have stepped up their onslaught against dealers of spurious liquor in the district and within a week they have not only recovered 2,600 litres of spurious liquor but also arrested 61 persons connected with the illegal trade. Over a dozen illegal distilleries also were destroyed.Nalanda SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari on Tuesday said, the process for confiscation of properties of liquor Mafiosi has also been initiated under the Criminal Law Amendment Act. He said as per the provisions under the law, offenders will be fined to the tune of revenue loss to the state exchequer, and if they fail to pay, their properties will be confiscated.The recent action against the criminals has sent panic among the manufacturers and distributors of spurious liquor in the district and if sources are to be believed, the major offenders have already gone underground. The criminals reportedly use women and children to distil and supply the illicit liquor who are least suspected but in the past, several women had also been arrested while engaged in packing, keeping and supplying the pouches of liquor bearing fake excise stamps.Some blocks of the district including Biharsharif, Harnaut, Katrisarai (notorious for fake aphrodisiac drugs ) Hilsa, Ekangarsarai, Islampur, Rahuiu, Asthawan etc. are said to be the main areas where the criminals manufacture spurious country liquor and then mix it with lethal chemicals to make it more toxic.Such liquor had, a few months ago killed five persons in the district and a supplier of chemical and a homeopathic drug seller were arrested from Ramchandrapur locality in Biharsharif. The traders of spurious liquor in the district have links with the illicit liquor vendors in Ara. It was revealed in November when Nalanda police seized a truck loaded with illicit liquor packed in thousands of pouches. The arrested driver and cleaner revealed that they had loaded the consignment at Ara and were going to deliver it to someone at Bakhtiyarpur in Patna district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17671897", "title": "Trial run for Pillur II scheme to begin early January 2013", "text": "COIMBATORE: After missing the deadline for commencing the trial run of the Pillur II dedicated water scheme, Coimbatore corporation officials claimed that the trial run will now commence in the first week of January 2013. The officials claimed that they had already completed the civil works and were awaiting the completion of electrical maintenance and connection works which is expected to be completed in the last week of December.\"We will start the trial run to full capacity in the first week of January. All civil works have been completed. There are some unfinished electrical works in the first package which will be completed by this month end. The trial will commence soon after,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore corporation.The civic body had entrusted the execution of the first package of the project to TANGEDCO, which included the construction of a 29.5 metre deep Raw Water Collection Well at the foot hills at the project site. Officials sited that a reason for the delay was that a crane brought to the work site was not technically equipped to move the six vertical turbine pump sets. The corporation commissioner said the turbines have been installed and four of them will be in operation while the remaining two will be kept on standby mode, to be operated in case of technical malfunction or any other emergency.\"The crane could not pick up the turbines and had to be replaced with a new one. There were also other issues including inability to work after dusk hours that contributed to the delay. When it rained for two or three days in October the well digging works had to come to a standstill as water had entered it. We had to pump out the water and then resume the works which took a few days,\" Ponnusamy added.The corporation is expected to pay RS 8 lakh to TANGEDCO before the power connection is provided for the project which will be completed by the end of December. The vertical turbine pump sets are each 375 HP capacity.The civic body is under tremendous pressure to operate the Pillur II scheme to its full capacity as the city will definitely suffer a water crisis due to the lack of adequate rainfall and dipping water levels in the Siruvani reservoir. At the moment the corporation is supplying 30 mld of water from Pillur II scheme to city, especially in the eastern parts of Singanallur, Ondipudur and neighbouring areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17672173", "title": "Former militants occupy top posts in J&K; government", "text": "SRINAGAR: Over the years, several former militants have made it to top posts in Jammu &amp; Kashmir government after qualifying for either Kashmir Administrative Service or police service exams, besides judicial exams held by state public service commission.This came to light after the appointment of this year's topper in the higher judiciary exam was stopped until February, pending CID verification. The candidate is now demanding treatment at par with other officers who were appointed despite past affiliations to militant outfits.When TOI asked a senior bureaucrat whether there were indeed such officers in service, he confirmed it on condition that he must not be named. He said a civil service officer of the 1996 batch, currently posted in north Kashmir, was a Hizbul Mujahideen militant trained in making improvised explosive devices. His left hand was damaged in a blast.Likewise, this source added, a senior police officer of the 1999 batch, also in central Kashmir, was a Hizbul man. There are a number of former militants holding posts in subordinate judiciary in Kashmir, he said, and gave instances of engineers in Srinagar Municipal Corporation who were even jailed earlier for abducting their current officers for extortion, etc.Astonishingly, one officer in the municipal corporation with links to militants was accused of abducting former chief minister and Union minister Ghulam Nabi Azad's brother-in-law. He is now working in the department with impunity and freedom, a corporation source said.\"All such individuals joined the services before their CID verifications reached the concerned departments,\" a senior police officer told TOI. In fact, a former Hizbul militant was arrested at the border trying to cross over to POK for arms training before he appeared in Kashmir Public Service exams in 1999, the source said.The candidate whose appointment opened this veritable pandora's box is said to be the former deputy chief of Al-Jehad, responsible for several acts of terror. He topped the exams for the district and sessions judge this year. That is when other candidates challenged his selection owing to his militant past.A Supreme Court division bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Desai vacated the stay, but only in favour of seven respondent candidates. According to sources, one candidate was dropped because his marks were counted twice \"inadvertently\" to his advantage.The fate of another candidate, among the top of the list, too, is likely to be determined in February next. It now turns out that another petitioner has submitted an additional application challenging the topper's selection on account of doubts expressed by the police after his character verification. The candidate is now likely to challenge the verification certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17673348", "title": "Make Mumbai's streets safer", "text": "Mumbai can't be called a safe zone if a person, however obsessed he may be with the idea of revenge, thinks he can get away with murder on a crowded street in the Dadar-Matunga belt. This happens only when there is a general perception that the law-and-order machinery is extremely lax. Repeated incidents like this, and the one that happened in Kalyan a few days back, reinforce this perception. The police commissioner's diktat - that cops should commute between home and work in uniform - was a sound idea that would have automatically increased police visibility on the street without any extra effort. But reports from the ground indicate that it's not being followed by too many in the force. The police force has to instil the fear of law in people planning crime. That's the only way to make Mumbai's streets safer.Related story:  Public spaces turning off-limits for women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673019", "title": "Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation scam: Cops arrest PNB bank manager", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Special Investigation Bureau of UP Police's Co-operative Cell arrested the manager of Punjab National Bank's Lalbagh branch in connection with the Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation (LACCFED) scam on Tuesday evening. Deepak Dave, the branch manager was summoned by the SIB for questioning after which he was arrested. LACCFED had an account with the same bank.The SIB is probing the Rs 50 crore scam involving government fund meant for construction of buildings including ITI bhawans, polytechnic hostels, employment exchanges, homoeopathy hospitals, court rooms, veterinary hospitals, mortuaries and signboards in Navodaya schools in 2010-2011 by LACCFED. A case alleging financial irregularities was lodged at Hussainganj police station of Lucknow in February 2012, on the complaint of the former LACCFED general manager, administration and finance, PN Singh Yadav. After the Samajwadi Party came to power in March 2012, the case was handed over to the SIB. Till now, the SIB had zeroed in on anomalies involving seven former ministers in the state cabinet apart from the then top officials of LACCFED and officials of the bank where the agency had its account.Allegations are that the branch manager Deepak Dave had thrown all banking norms to wind and ordered heavy payments on bearer cheques, which grossly violated the banking rules. Investigators had discovered that cuts were awarded to former ministers through bearer cheques and the same system was adopted for making payments to contractors. What came as a shock for the investigators was the revelation that LACCFED paid bribe and cuts to politicians through cheque. Not only this, the bank accepted bearer cheques and made a number of payments worth crores of rupees. In normal banking practice, banks allow payments on bearer cheques to a maximum of Rs 10,000.Investigators are believed to have questioned the cashier of the bank who made the payments who in turn divulged the name of the then branch manager of the bank, stating that every payment on bearer cheques was made on his directions. Earlier, the Punjab National Bank was asked to provide details of transactions of the amount related to some contracts and payments made to certain parties, who were a part of the scam. One such instance relates to the payment of Rs 4 crore to officials in the higher education department through a bearer cheque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17672193", "title": "Security beefed up for Pranab Mukherjee, Hamid Ansari visits", "text": "VARANASI: Even as the government machinery has intensified efforts for the facelift of the city in view of the proposed visit of President Pranab Mukherjee on December 25, the police are giving the final shape to the security plans.In the past few days, IG Zone GL Meena had held a number of meetings with the officials of the ministry of home affairs at New Delhi while other officials, including district magistrate Saurabh Babu and SSP B D Paulson have visited Lucknow to seek guidelines in this connection.After returning, the IG told TOI on Tuesday, \"Additional forces to deploy in Varanasi and Ghazipur districts on December 25 are being arranged not only from Varanasi zone but from other zones of the state too.\"Apart from Pranab Mukherji, the president of Nepal and governors of three states, including UP, would be in the city to take part in a convocation and valedictory function to be organized to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of the founder of Banaras Hindu University , Pt Madan Mohan Malviya, on December 25.Besides, Vice President Hamid Ansari will also land at Babatpur airport to reach his paternal village in Ghazipur district on the same day. The IG said that the police and paramilitary force would be deployed in Varanasi by arranging it from other districts of the zone. The SPs of three districts -- Jaunpur, Mau and Azamgarh -- would also be deployed in Varanasi to assist the Varanasi police in maintaining security arrangements.Meanwhile, divisional commissioner C K Tiwari and DIG Varanasi (Range) A Satish Ganesh also visited Ghazipur on Tuesday to review the preparations for the proposed visit of the Vice President. They took stock of the helipad at MA Ansari Memorial College and also the paternal house of Ansari.The DIG said that to maintain foolproof security arrangements, three SPs from other zones of state, three additional SPs, 14 deputy SPs, 25 station officers, 150 sub-inspectors, 500 constables and four companies of PAC would be provided to Ghazipur as additional force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671677", "title": "60% police force has no quarters: Patil", "text": "NAGPUR: In what could be termed as total apathy of the Maharashtra government towards cops, nearly 60% of the police force in the state does not have residential quarters. The rest are staying in old quarters which are in a dilapidated condition.This sorry state of affairs was revealed by home minister R R Patil on Tuesday while replying to a query by MLCs Sandip Bajoriya and others during the question-answer session in the council. The minister admitted that there was severe shortage of homes to accommodate cops in the state. Out of over 2.09 lakh personnel, only 86,000 were provided with the official residence. \"We need Rs12,667 crore for building new homes for the remaining force. Last year, the then finance minister Ajit Pawar had allocated Rs422 crore for building new police stations and Rs131 crore for houses,\" he said.He said he had demanded Rs100 crore from the government in the current fiscal for repairs and maintenance of the existing homes which were in equally dilapidated condition. The minister also admitted that about 8,945 police quarters in Konkan and Vidarbha regions were not fit for staying due to poor condition.Earlier, the members raised the issue of police homes near Yavatmal police headquarters which were in highly precarious condition and were dangerous to stay. However, 45 families still reside there. Accepting their claims, Patil said these were built in the British era and their condition deteriorated over the years due to lack of maintenance. He however added that instead of spending money on repairs, it would be advisable to build new houses by grounding them. The minister further stated that he had already directed the DGP office in Mumbai and police superintendent in Yavatmal to send a proposal to the government.Patil said the government had tried to build new homes for police on their land on built-operate-transfer (BoT) basis. However, the concept was not found to be feasible in the long term as land was not available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17672351", "title": "Forty acres for Kochi Metro rail project by January 31", "text": "KOCHI: In a move to quickly complete the land acquisition process for the Kochi Metro rail project, the revenue department has promised to hand over 40 acres of land for the Muttam yard to Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) by January 31. A meeting of revenue officials held in Kochi on Tuesday has decided to hold the meeting of district level purchase committee (DLPC) by January 15.The land for railway stations from Aluva to Edappally and for the widening of the national highway stretch will also be handed over to KMRL. \"At the review meeting held on Tuesday, we have given instructions to revenue officials to ensure that the land is handed over to KMRL by January 31. The acquisition for preparatory works will also be completed soon,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth. \"The land value will be fixed after negotiating with land owners at the DLPC meeting. We have already taken measures to see that the government disburses the amount given as compensation for land owners,\" he said. The DMRC is learnt to have completed the alignment of all the 23 stations from Aluva to Petta.The land acquisition process for the remaining stations as well as the Metro village at Muttam will also begin soon. For setting up the Metro village, around 195 acres land will have to be acquired.The state government has given Rs 25 crore for acquiring land for the preparatory works on MG Road and Banerjee Road. \"We will hand over Rs 25 crore received from the state government soon,\" said Mohandas Pillai, deputy collector. \"For completing the land acquisition for preparatory works, we will need around Rs 30 crore more,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17672961", "title": "Man sets self ablaze in market", "text": "JAIPUR: A 37-year-old man immolated himself in a busy market area of Hanumangar's Sangaria town on Tuesday morning. Police said the man was an alcoholic. He had mentioned about his suicidal mentality but did not mention the reasons behind his taking the extreme step.According to the police, Deepak Kumar Dhanka, resident of Ward Number 2 in Sangaria, worked as a building painter. He is susrvived by his wife and two sons.\"The place where he committed suicide is a deserted area near the court premises behind Bansal Cinema, about 2 km from his house,\" said a police officer.The incident occurred around 10 am. \"He was carrying thinner used for painting. He poured it on him and then set himself blaze. However, once the flames leapt up, a scared Deepak ran helter skelter for help. Some passers-by informed the police following which a team was rushed to the spot and he was taken to a hospital. However, he had sustained over 90% burns. He succumbed to burn injuries,\" said the officer.The officer added that a police team went to his house and found the suicide note. \"He stated in the note that he had planned to kill himself and bade farewell to the world. However, he did not written the reason(s) for taking this extreme step. The man's wife was in a state of shock, so we did not record her statement,\" said the officer. Deepak's brother Sandeep told the police that Deepak was an alcoholic. \"He said that Deepak would be in an inebriated condition throughout the day. He also said that his brother was not mentally fit. We are trying to ascertain his medical history,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672590", "title": "HC reserves verdict on ULB polls", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Tuesday reserved its verdict on separate applications filed by the state government as well as the State Election Commission (SEC) on holding elections to the 209 urban local bodies (ULBs).A vacation division bench headed by Justice Anand Byrareddy reserved its verdict after hearing Advocate General S Vijay Shankar and the counsel for SEC.While the government sought two more weeks saying it has to consider 2,500 odd objections before finalizing the final ward-wise reservation list, the SEC said if the list is not given in two days, the schedule drawn by it may go haywire.\"We have filed application seeking extension of time. We had only five days to scrutinize 2,500 odd objections to the ward wise list. As it is a time consuming exercise, further two weeks is required. Six more weeks is sought for publishing the list of chairpersons, Mayor/Deputy Mayor as against our earlier undertaking of January 31, 2013,\" the advocate general submitted.He said that the final ward-wise census figures will be in by March end and that would also a create a situation of holding another election based on new census figures within six months.Opposing this, K N Phanindra, counsel for SEC, said that the state had given all these facts before a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen and had even filed an affidavit giving the time schedule for submitting the final reservation list.\"If the new population figures based on 2011 is available by March, there has to be an exercise of delimitation of wards, which will take at least seven months. There will be upgradation of local bodies also. So, in effect there will be no election for at least a year. Meanwhile, from February 10 the term of these bodies will be ending. Then there will be administrators.So, we will be pulled up for not holding elections and violating apex court directive, as in Kishan Singh Tomar case\" Phanindra submitted.In its application, the state said the cabinet took a decision to seek further time as there is a likelihood of new population figures in the 1,044 wards in 68 town panchayats, 2,222 wards in 94 town municipal councils, 1,393 wards in 44 city municipal councils and 381 wards in 7 city corporations apart from upgradation of several ULBs on account of increase in population.Notice to CS and urban secyIn a related development, the bench ordered notice to Chief Secretary S V Ranganath and Urban Development Secretary P N Srinivasachari .The SEC claimed the state had \"deliberately and consciously\" violated the November 29, 2012 order of the court where it had undertaken to give the final ward-wise reservation list for ULB polls by December 17.'Waste of public money'In a related development, the same bench ordered notice to the state government and the SEC on two PILs where the petitioners want polls based on the final ward-wise census figures. \"There has been a 31.27 increase in urban population in the state since 2001. In Bangalore, it is 51.39 %. If the new figures are considered, many existing bodies will have to be upgraded. If elections are held as per 2001 census, then there will have to be another election in a short period based on 2011 census figures, which will be waste of public money,\" former advocate general Ashok Haranahalli submitted on behalf of the petitioners.State's earlier standOn the last occasion, on November 29, the state government hadsubmitted that the final ward wise reservation list for theforthcoming will be made available to the state election commission(SEC) by December 17.The state further stated that the reservation list with regards tochairpersons, Mayor/Deputy Mayor will be publicized on or beforeJanuary 31, 2013. Recording this , a division bench headed by ChiefJustice Vikramajit Sen had disposed off a petition filed by SEC.How can cabinet interfere in criminal cases, HC asksA vacation division bench comprising Justice Anand Byrareddy and Justice B Manohar on Tuesday ordered notices to the chief minister (not named), the chief secretary, DG &amp; IG and Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishat (ABVP) with regard to a PIL.\"What is the source of power? How can the cabinet interfere in criminal cases?\" the bench asked the government advocate before posting the matter to December 20 for further hearing.Advocate N P Amrutesh, the petitioner, told the court that the state cabinet had taken a decision to withdraw criminal cases registered ABVP activists and two sitting MLAs, Ramaswamy Gowda and Suresh Babu.\"ABVP is part and parcel of BJP. It is students' wing of the party. With an eye on the elections, the state cabinet had taken a decision on September 6 and November 11 to withdraw all the cases registered against them at Chitradurga and Tumkur. The decision to withdraw case against the MLAs was taken in a hurried manner as there is political polarization in Karnataka. It is against the views expressed by the apex court in Veerappan's case when several of his aides were released to secure the release of matinee idol Dr Rajkumar. It is bad in the eye of law,\" the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17673369", "title": "NGO pays tribute to Sepoy Mutiny martyrs at Malegarh", "text": "SILCHAR: Patkai Trekkers, a Guwahati-based NGO paid tribute to 32 rebel sepoys on Tuesday at Malegarh Fort in Latu, a small village in Karimganj district. The sepoys had fought valiantly against a contingent of the Sylhet light infantry of the British under the command of Major Byng on December 18, 1857 during the Sepoy Mutiny, which is labeled as India's first war of Independence.Patkai Trekkers organized the programme in a bid to promote and upgrade the site where the Indian soldiers fought bravely against the British before going down in the Mutiny. They lost the fight but killed the major.\"The administration is trying to make sure that this site of great historical importance is conserved properly. The government is making arrangements for tourists to visit the site easily, which is situated near the India-Bangladesh border. Steps are also being taken to conserve the arms found in the site,\" said deputy commissioner (Karimganj) Debeswar Malakar.The DC said that the government had made sure that this historical site was not barricaded out during the barbed wire fencing along the international border. He thanked the Bangladesh authorities for their cooperation in the process.A floral tribute was paid to the rebel sepoys by renowned poet and teacher of Karimganj College Janmajit Roy, superintendent of police (Karimganj) Pradeep Pujari, commandant of BSF 115 bn Rajiv Dua, chief convenor of Patkai Trekkers Mriganka Gogoi, MLA (North Karimganj) Kamalaksha Dey Purkayasthya, former MLA Mission Ranjan Das and locals.MLA Purkayasthya said he will raise the issue of granting Malegarh historical status in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671582", "title": "SIT will not be an eyewash, says Ajit Pawar", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after the state government announced the setting up of a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the irrigation scam, the man under the spotlight Ajit Pawar remained nonplussed over the brouhaha. The deputy CM of Maharashtra, who it is believed have pushed for a SIT instead of a judicial probe which could have caused him some problems, said, \"Just because it has not been given any powers, the SIT is not an eyewash.\"The three-member SIT will be headed by former bureaucrat and irrigation expert Madhav Chitale. \"He is a man of impeccable reputation and an expert in this field,\" said Pawar on Tuesday at his official residence. \"If he feels Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare, Ramraje Nimbalkar or any other minister has done any wrong, he will most likely point it out. Let the truth come out,'' he added.The state government is expected to name the other members of the SIT and its terms of reference by December 31. A six-month time frame has been given to the team to submit its report. Opposition MLAs are hopeful that the findings will attract the attention of the judiciary which could then cause problems for Pawar and water resources minister Tatkare.Giving details of the framework within which the SIT will work, the NCP leader revealed it will look into cost escalations, tender violations and whether any decisions were overruled at any given point in time. Hinting that SIT may go well beyond and examine project permissions under the Shiv Sena-BJP rule as well, Pawar said the probe will begin from the year irrigation corporations were formed (1995).Rubbishing the renewed demands for his resignation, Pawar said that he cannot submit to these every time the opposition says so. \"'Why should I resign every time someone calls for my head. In that case, even the prime minister will have to resign again and again,'' he said while justifying that his image hasn't taken a beating because of the controversy.\"I submitted my resignation letter the last time without anyone asking for it. I clarified I had nothing to do with giving direct permissions for the irrigation projects, as was being alleged. What more can I do,\" asked Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671583", "title": "Haji Mollah for Muslim quota in promotions", "text": "KOLKATA: \"May the merciful shower his blessings on you\" - the message doesn't come from a cleric. This is haji Abdur Rezzak Mollah speaking at a seminar organized on the Minorities Rights Day. His Muslim identity prevailed over his self, as CPM state committee member, which is why the former land and land reforms minister chose to stay away from the two-day party state committee meeting that ended on Tuesday.Dressed in a white kurta and pyjama instead of his usual dhoti, Mollah strained himself to build a bridge between Islam and primitive communism. Paying tribute to Quran Sharif and the Nabis (religious gurus), Mollah explained how they introduced the practice of Zakat and Fitr to provide economic support to the downtrodden. In a bid to prevent his detractors from calling him a partisan Muslim, Mollah made a reference to Swami Vivekananda to aim at the ideal - a Hindu brain with Muslim brawns.While upholding the rights of the minorities, particularly Muslims, the former minister - who is still with the CPM - decimated the party's observation on the Muslim Personal Law. \"The Muslim Personal Law is a recognition of the rights of minorities. If someone says that it gives the right to a Muslim to have more than one wife, I will tell them to try having more wives and face the music in family,\" Mollah said, listless of the CPM's calling it a draconian act.Feeling let down for not being able to make it to the CPM state secretariat, Mollah has started championing the cause of identity politics, dragging himself to a position where he might fall prey to his religious identity. \"Every party has a Muslim leader, but there is no leader of the Muslims,\" the former minister said, possibly eyeing on the 30% odd Muslim population in West Bengal that doesn't have its own leader.Keeping the goal in mind, Mollah held that class struggle couldn't bring about an overall uplift of the Muslim community. \"Yes, landless Muslims got land through class struggle, but Muslims didn't get government jobs. It has been revealed in the Justice Sachar Committee Report,\" the former minister said.Rezzak Mollah thus wants Muslim reservation in higher education , government jobs, and reservation in promotion, taking a stand similar to Mulayam Singh Yadav , if not his own party general secretary Prakash Karat who has restricted his demand to the reservation of scheduled castes and tribes during promotion in government jobs. Mollah informed the gathering how he told chief minister Mamata Banerjee to reserve seats for Muslims in higher education. \"I told this in the assembly. The CM accepted my proposal and asked education minister Bratya Basu to look into it. Later, I wrote to the education minister, but the response is awaited,\" Mollah said.Mollah didn't spare the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government even. \"The Left Front government did a blunder by not recognizing the Sachar Committee Report. Later, when chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee told me that he wanted to absorb 30% Muslims as constables, I told him that it won't happen. Look at the administration. It is run by bureaucrats who have a brahmanical mindset. They won't allow Muslims to get their due. Politics in Bengal is run mostly by the bangals, who migrated from East Pakistan and usually have a grouse against Muslims who drove them out of their home and hearth,\" the haji said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17672516", "title": "Is it time to split the captaincy spoils?", "text": "MUMBAI: To blame Mahendra Singh Dhoni alone for India's collective failure against England is a convenient option.However, as captain, leading his team to 11 defeats in 12 Tests against England and Australia is a failure he'll have to answer for. Before India get busy with the shorter format of the game, in which they're likely to fare better at home, and before Australia arrive next year for four Tests, the BCCI needs to take a call on Dhoni.Two of India's most prominent batsmen and captains - Sunil Gavaskar and Sourav Ganguly - have different views on the issue. Gavaskar says it is time for Virat Kohli to replace Dhoni as skipper. Ganguly says split captaincy is the way forward.Gavaskar's opinion is reminiscent of days when captains would receive the boot for losing even a single Test series. The 0-3 defeat in England in 1974 cost Ajit Wadekar his job.Bishan Singh Bedi paid with his job for the away series losses to Australia and Pakistan in 1978. Gavaskar replaced Bedi but also had to leave after a poor record as captain that hit rock bottom on the tour of Pakistan in 1982-83.Gavaskar's successor, Kapil Dev , won India the World Cup but he too couldn't survive the fury of the Board and selectors post the losses to Windies at home.Ganguly thinks \"there is too much on Dhoni's plate\". \"He is leading in Tests, ODIs, Twenty20s and the IPL. He is also keeping wickets in every game. There are expectations from him as a batsman. There is pressure associated with each of these tasks,\" says Ganguly.On that note, he suggests that split captaincy could help lessen the burden on Dhoni. Some might say that as batsman alone, Dhoni doesn't deserve his place in the Test side.Barring the unbeaten 74 in Edgbaston last year and the Nagpur knock, the skipper has done little to justify his presence in the middle-order, especially when India have played away. Lack of technique is being cited as another reason. But there may no interim choice available to replace him.In contrast, Dhoni bulldozes his way into teams that play the shorter format. The World Cup winning captain boasts of an average of 51.17 in one-day cricket, and for someone batting at No. 5 or lower, it is no mean feat.At home and away, regardless of the opposition, he has single handedly won India matches and been rated as one of the most valuable players in ODIs and T20.But perhaps the time is right for India to take a leaf out of what Cricket South Africa did in 2003, when they handed the 22-year-old Graeme Smith the Test captaincy and helped him build his team.Maybe Virat Kohli could turn out to be the right choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17672184", "title": "Former President APJ Abdul Kalam Kalam to open children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s science meet on December 17", "text": "VARANASI: The 20th National Children's Science Congress will be inaugurated by former President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam at Swatantrata Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), on December 27. The five-day congress will witness participation of several students in the age group of 10 to 17 years from across the country. Students from the Association of South East Asian Nations will also take part. Vice-chancellor BHU, Dr Lalji Singh and noted scientist Prof Yashpal would also be present on the occasion. The congress will end on December 31.Flower exhibition: Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya Memorial Flower Exhibition- 2012 will be organised on the premises of Malviya Bhawan on December 26 and December 27. According to Dr SP Singh, BHU horticulturist, the flower exhibition-cum-competition will be held under as many as 164 categories and 15 classes. In view of the 150th anniversary of the Pandit Malviya, a special flower petal rangoli competiton will also be held for the students residing on the premises of the unviersity.Conference: The 54th annual conference of the Indian Socieity of Labour Economics will be inaugurated at KN Udupa auditorium, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on Thursday.Exhibition: Indian Council for Cultural Relations ( ICCR), in association with Bhartiya Lalit Kala Akademi, has organised an exhibition of iron sculptures at exhibition hall, faculty of Visual Arts, BHU from December 19 to December 31.Training: A four-day training programme in Multimedia Production is being organised for the faculty and students of Institute of Agricultural Sciences, BHU.Tehsil Diwas: A total of 218 complaints were received during Tehsil Diwas on Tuesday. Out of these, four complaints were disposed off on the spot while remaining complaints were forwarded to the respective department for the disposal within a week.Kisan Mahotsava: The three-day Kisan Mahotsava organised by the agricultural department at RSM Inter College, Robertsganj in Sonbhadra district concluded on Tuesday.Body found: Body Abhishek Tiwari (28) of Barku village under Sujanganj police station was recovered from Khajuran turning under Badlapur police station on Tuesday.Police recovered a country made revolver, four live cartridges, cash worth Rs 2800, a journey ticket of a roadways bus and a suicide note from his possession. It is suspected that he had shot himself to commit suicide. In his suicide note he had confessed his affair with some Kamini and money dispute with his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17672254", "title": "'Set up VIIth Pay Commission'", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The central government should set up the seventh pay commission and pump in Rs 50,000 crore over the next five years to revive the ailing railways. This was among the 38 demands put forth by the All India Railwaymen's Federation (AIRF). AIRF also demanded that over 2.5 lakh posts under various categories in Indian Railways be filled up.Addressing a conference here on Tuesday, ahead of the 88th annual general conference of AIRF, general secretary Shiva Gopal Mishra said the basic pay should be increased by at least 50% in the next pay commission. He slammed the Union finance ministry for delaying the funds being granted to the railways and said several demands were accepted by the railway board, but have been kept pending by the finance ministry. Mishra warned that if the government fails to adhere to the demands of the railway men, then they would resort to a strike.East Coast Railway Shramik Union general secretary Ch Gandhi said AIRF wanted sanction of additional posts commensurate with increase in number of trains and workload, removal of anomalies of sixth central pay commission, a stop to outsourcing of perennial nature jobs, limiting of duty hours to a maximum of seven hours a day and increase in rate of special duty allowance by 25 %.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17671653", "title": "Systemizing sales", "text": "Chandran Sankaran Founder, Zyme SolutionsFor the likes of Dell and SanDisk to sell their products, there are over 6,000 distributors and a million retailers around the world. It's a very fragmented distribution system and it means that technology companies have a hard time figuring out how much they sell, which products sell more, which less, and in which regions the sales happen. The data is also voluminous, and becoming increasingly so, making it difficult for internal IT systems to cope with it.In 2003, Chandran Sankaran had sold a company he had previously founded and was looking around for something else to do. He spoke to some of the customers he previously had and soon saw the distribution problem that companies were struggling with. \"Some of them told me that it was even difficult to retain people who worked on collecting and organizing the retail data because it was so chaotic,\" he says.Sankaran visualized a solution where he would establish a data centre to which retailers could upload their sales data, and manufacturers could then access the same. In IT parlance, it's called a cloud solution, where the same infrastructure and solutions are offered to a number of customers, thus bringing down IT costs substantially for each customer.With that idea in mind, he approached a global tech company (Sankaran declines to name it) and said he would take their entire distribution tracking exercise off their hands.The company agreed - may be they were impressed by Sankaran's successful track record till then. That go-ahead was the trigger Sankaran was looking for, and in 2004, he formed Zyme. Zyme's cloud solution, which we described earlier, is not as simple as it sounds. A small Vietnamese retailer may send the data in a form that the regular English-focused computer systems may not recognize. A Japanese retailer may do it in a still different form.Different regions may describe the same product details differently. Sankaran's IT team in Bangalore created automated solutions that would clean up all such differences, and offer a uniform view to manufacturers. On occasions when the automated system does not work, a manual system comes in.Today, many of the world's biggest IT brands are Zyme customers. That includes Logitech , Symantec, Seagate, Dell, Xerox , SanDisk, LG and Cisco. \"With Zyme, we now have the information to plan our business based on customer demand,\" says Logitech's director for global market analytics in a note on Zyme's website. Zyme handles data from 180 countries and the system receives 20,000 reports on sales transactions a week. Sankaran declines to talk about revenue, but says Zyme today has an over 75% market share of sales reports handled by third party operators. \"Our competitors are mostly small regional companies,\" he says.Sankaran grew up in Bangalore, studied in IIT-Madras, where he graduated from in 1983, and then went to Yale in the US for a Master's in computer science. His first job was with Hewlett-Packard . In 1998, he returned to India with the idea of starting something here in IT services, but before long he got the feeling that the thought was ahead of its time. So, in 1990 he returned to the US to consult for HP, and a year later joined McKinsey where he spent six years. For a couple of years after that, he ran the high-tech vertical of i2 Technologies, the supply chain management software and services company founded by Sanjiv Sidhu and Ken Sharma in Dallas, Texas.Towards the end of that decade, he left that to found a company of his own called ClosedLoop Solutions, which was a cloud-based enterprise budgetary and planning solution. It became a successful startup, with customers like Caterpillar, Symantec and Parametric Technologies. So successful that in 2003, it was acquired by Lawson Software for $4 million.It was in the months following that acquisition that Sankaran saw the Zyme opportunity. And that opportunity remains huge today, because 94% of the market still uses in-house solutions. Zyme is also helping companies to move from weekly reports to daily and hourly reports - in other words, almost real-time sales data from a fragmented retail system spread across the globe.\"It's important to believe totally in your idea,\" Sankaran says. \"It's also important to not get distracted. When we were doing Zyme, we received an IT service request that would have earned us three times our then revenue. But it didn't fit into what we were building, so we rejected it,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670357", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTipsy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 teens blame it on peer pressure", "text": "PATNA: Anti-tobacco campaigns notwithstanding, tobacco consumption among students is on the rise and peer pressure is the prime, albeit not the only, reason.Random talks with Patna-born collegians enrolled on various courses in different colleges of the country revealed most of the smokers were tempted to go for a smoke or two during their college days. \"At least 80% of boys in my college are teetotallers who haven't ever taken a puff - on Day 1 in the college. After a year or so, most of them end up either smoking or boozing while a few among others get into drugs,\" said Krish, a Kankarbagh resident who is doing law at a university in Gujarat.Krish will not like to let the name of his university go in print for it will bring disrepute to his campus. But, the fact is the \"adventurous generation\" isn't only into cigarettes. At times curiosity gets the better of them and they even turn to cigars, beedi, hookah and gutka.Govind Girish, of Patliputra Colony, smokes tobacco or cannabis once or twice every month. \"I attribute my first smoke to boredom. Then, I started finding nicotine relaxing and cannabis made me go through phases of alternate levels of consciousness. I still smoke for the same reason,\" said the mathematics student of one of the statistical institutes in the south.According to Shaguna Mor's Abhijay Sen, an engineering student of Manipal Institute of Technology, smoking or boozing is a means to escape from the real into a different world. \"Students know it is not a solution to any problem, but under its influence they don't really care about the problem,\" he said.Are the parents in the know of their fondness for what was banned for them at home? The answer is usually in the negative. \"I started smoking when I was in Class VII. But my parents don't know about it even now when I am in college,\" said an engineering student, preferring anonymity.However, a few of them claim they do everything in open. \"Dad and I take alcohol together. We entered into a pact when I was 16. I guess that's his way of monitoring my bad habits,\" said Rohit Ranvijay.Not that it's only a boys' thing. \"Two-three friends of mine do take gin,\" Boring Road's Akshara, a student of Nirma University-Ahmedabad, said and added mostly break-up with boyfriends prompted girls to gulp a couple of pegs.While Akshara admitted that alcoholism among girls was now increasing, Abhijay pooh-poohed the concern. \"Why single out girls? Aren't they equal to boys?\" he asked.Most of the smokers and boozers among students are aware that it's a \"bad habit\" not only because it adversely affects health but also because the manufacturing of cigarettes and liquor spawns rise in child labour. Making it a habit or saying a firm 'no' to it, however, depends on the individual concerned. \"My friends kept telling me I should do alcohol and tobacco and that I will eventually do them. But no one will force me to do anything. And, I have resisted the temptation so far,\" said DPS-Patna alumnus Mukul, who studies in National Academy of Legal Studies and Research, Hyderabad.Experts' take on temptationsAnisha AnandMost of the teens give in to the temptations of alcohol or drug because of peer pressure, says Dr Mukesh Kishore of Assistance in Modification of Behavioural Aspects. According to him, habits and preferences of friends become of utmost importance at one point of time for every child, and s/he becomes the odd one out by not conforming to them. Hence, s/he follows what the friends do. Also, the anxiety related with joblessness makes the youth look for an escape route. \"Besides, children who suffer from parental indifference become psychologically weak and vulnerable to drug or alcohol abuse,\" Kishore added.Dr Vivek Vishal, MD of 'Hitaishi Happiness Home' at Buddha Colony advised that the parents should prepare their children to face adverse situation in future at an early stage itself. According to him, cordial environment at home can protect the child from all adversities in future during the physical absence of the parents as their all-pervasive guidance remains forever with the child. \"When the child is about to leave the home for the first time and study being away from the parents, h/she should be taken to a clinical psychologist so that the parents should come to know what is going on in the mind of their child,\" said Dr Vishal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17672452", "title": "Workshop for heritage listing", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) in association with the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), Gujarat chapter, and Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) will hold a workshop on listing of heritage structures in the city on Wednesday.The event will effectively kick off the process of listing heritage structures with the ultimate aim of notifying them as per the new General Development and Control Regulations (GDCR).VMC is in the process of formation of a heritage conservation committee as per the amended GDCR guidelines. As a part of this, it will also take up listing of heritage sites in the city. Students of five prominent education institutes in and around the city will be roped in for the process.The architecture institutes that have joined hands with VMC include the department of architecture of M S University, School of Environmental Design and Architecture of Navrachana University, Vadodara Design Academy School of Architecture, College of Architecture of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology in Vasad and Arvindbhai Patel Institute of Environmental Design in Vallabh Vidyanagar.The experts who will participate in the workshop besides VMC officials include ASI superintending archaeologist Dr K Nauriyal, director of Ahmedabad University's centre for heritage management Dr Debashish Nayak, INTACH Gujarat convener Manvita Baradi, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's heritage advisor Vasudevan Nayar and US-based historian Carrie Udeshi.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "khagaria", "code": "17670696", "title": "Attack on CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s convoy: 22 face action", "text": "KHAGARIA: Property attachment order was issued by a local court on Tuesday against 22 absconders accused of attacking Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's carcade during a rally here in September.Chief judicial officer (CJM) Triloki Nath Tripathi issued the order on the request of the special investigation team(SIT) probing the incident.Among those against whom the property attachment order was issued were the Khagaria district president of youth RJD, Chandan Yadav and his LJP counterpart, Sushant Yadav.On September 27 a group of people had demonstrated during the CM's 'Adhikar rally' at Khagaria and had also pelted stones on the carcade.The SIT had subsequently registered FIR against 70 people in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670348", "title": "Authorities not bothered about vacant university posts", "text": "PATNA: The authorities concerned seem to be least bothered about the depleting faculty strength in different universities with almost 50% of the sanctioned posts of teachers lying vacant for the last one decade and a large number of teachers going to superannuate next year.The process of rationalization of posts based on the strength of students has already been completed and the government notification to this effect has been sent to the universities. But the state government is yet to give its green signal to the universities to go in for fresh appointments. Maybe, the government does not want these new appointments to be made through the existing university selection committees. And, the setting up of a new state-level selection panel will take its own time.Expressing serious concern over the acute dearth of faculties in different institutions, the former general secretary of Patna University Teachers' Association ( PUTA), Randhir Kumar Singh, feels the university teachers be allowed to remain in service till the age of 70, as recommended by the UGC, so that teaching may be somehow managed in the universities. And, in the mean time, steps should be initiated for filling up all vacant pots, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17673244", "title": "Dholes kill sambar at Sattari", "text": "KERI: The dholes (Asian-reddish brown forest dogs), on Wednesday killed a sambar after chasing it in the jungle of Ghotgache Pani, on the border of Sattari between Shiroli in Goa and Talekhol-Virdi of Maharashtra.Locally known as Kolsune, dholes are expert hunters. Raghoba Pednekar from Haddir, said, \"The sambar was alive till 4pm after being attacked and chased inside the forests. But since it was badly injured it died afterwards.\"When Paresh Parob, the range forest officer of Keri, received information about the injured sambar, he immediately sent forest guards Sajjan Naik and Ishwar Naik to the site.Sajjan Naik said, \"There is a possibility that the dholes will come back to eat their prey late at night. This adult sambar with antlers was attacked brutally by the dholes and as injuries were deep and serious, it died.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672201", "title": "Brace for scorching power bills", "text": "HYDERABAD: Consumers will have to pay hefty power bills from February 2013 with power distribution companies getting ready to pass on fuel surcharge adjustment (FSA) for the second quarter of 2012-13 (July to September).Power discoms have already submitted proposals for levying FSA of about Rs 982 crore for which public hearing was conducted by the AP Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) in the first week of December. \"The APERC is likely to give the nod for collection of Rs 0.82 paise per unit for the second quarter of 2012-13 in a week. The charges would be implemented immediately as court cases were filed due to delay in collection of FSA,\" a senior APTransco official said.The burden would be more on consumers under Central Power Distribution Company (CPDCL) as nearly Rs 435 crore of Rs 982 crore would be collected in the utility's jurisdiction alone. It is estimated that FSA would be collected for 5,303 million units in the discom. Fuel surcharge is being collected from consumers due to increase in demand and non-availability of energy from hydel and gas-based power stations. The discoms have been claiming that surcharge is being imposed on consumers since power utilities were procuring power at prevailing market rate, which was more than the ceiling price. On the other hand, consumers, institutions and companies claim it is \"unfair, irrational and untenable\" that power companies were imposing charges on non-agriculture consumers to cover sops given to agricultural sector.As of now, discoms have been collecting FSA charges at the rate of Rs 1.32 paise per unit for the first quarter of 2012-13 (April to June) which will end in January 2013. Since collection of the first quarter FSA charges would be ending next month, a fuel surcharge of Rs 0.82 paise per unit for the second quarter (July to September) of 2012-13 might begin from February 2013. Along with the 2012-13 surcharges, the discoms are gearing up to collect FSA charges of Rs 0.14 paise per unit for second quarter of 2010-11 (July to September) beginning next month.\"The HC has stayed collection of FSA for the first quarter of 2010-11 (April to June 2010) that ended this month. Since there is no stay on the second quarter of the 2010-11, the discoms have decided to collect fuel surcharge from next month's bill,\" a senior CPDCL official said. Though court stayed collection of fuel surcharge for 2008-09 (commercial and industrial) and 2009-10, APERC has cleared FSA for 2010-11, 2011-12 and 2012-13 (first quarter) in the past one year and would be collected in the next 22 months i.e. till September 2014, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17673345", "title": "Bokaro displaced people cry for justice", "text": "BOKARO: Several hundred displaced people under the banner of Jan Sangharsh Morcha (JSM) staged demonstration and blocked road near the administrative building leading to Bokaro Steel Plant (BSP) for several hours here on Tuesday.Unlike other demonstrations, the displaced people in the \"poll-khol, halla-bol\" agitation raised slogans against the leaders who extracted personal benefits from the BSL authorities by threatening the company to hold demonstrations over the displaced issue. They were alleging that the leaders had made good fortunes while the displaced persons were still suffering.The agitators also asked the BSL to provide facilities through which they could earn bread and butter for their survival either by providing self-employment opportunities or job. They also asked the company to make public the names of the displaced persons to whom company would provide jobs without involving middlemen.The displaced persons reached the building marching in four groups. Holding banners and posters, they raised anti-BSL slogans and the leaders who had cheated them. The demonstration created huge difficulties to the commuters as the road was jammed at several points. A large number of police, CISF and homeguards were deployed at the spot to control the situation.The agitators withdrew their agitation after BSL general manager B K Thakur assured them to hold tripartite talks between the BSL, administrative officials and JSM leaders in January.JSM president Rajender Mahto said they unmasked the leaders of Bokaro who had cheated the displaced people to run their political business. \"Leaders like Bokaro MLA Samresh Singh and others have filled their own pockets taking personal benefits from the BSL in the name of displaced persons. They get jobs, contract work and other benefits for their kin from the BSL and other institutions,\" he said.Handing a letter to the BSL officials, Mahto asked them to provide job opportunities to the displaced persons and allot plots at the market. Besides, they also demanded for educational facilities, technical trainings and medical benefits and return their unused lands from the BSL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672913", "title": "Opposition stalls Punjab assembly over law and order", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The already brief winter session of the Punjab assembly was stalled on Tuesday, with the opposition Congress and the ruling SAD-BJP alliance locking horns over \"a chance to speak first\". While Congress legislators took offense and stormed into the well of the House for not being allowed a debate on deteriorating law and order in the state, the government took a stand that it would be done only after the chief minister is allowed to defend himself first.Stormy scenes were witnessed immediately after the question hour, when Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal called on the chief minister to speak. The opposition MLAs, led by their leader in House, Sunil Jakhar were immediately on their feet, waving copies of the corrigendum to the list of business for the House to be held on Tuesday, which said \"statement by the chief minister to be omitted\".Asking the Speaker to go by the proceedings of the business advisory committee meeting, Jakhar said, \"It is the right of the opposition to speak and bring up issues of state's interest. We were assured by the Speaker during the business advisory committee meeting that we will get a chance to speak first. But now the ruling alliance is not letting us initiate a debate on the law and order situation in the state.\"Atwal replied, \"The rules say that the leader of the House, the chief minister, has the right to speak at any point of time or give any explanation he might want.\" Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal said, \"There have been allegations leveled against me, that I have diverted funds for my own constituency and I want to give a clarification.\"But the opposition was in no mood to give in and the legislators rushed to the well of the House, raising slogans. A member even rose on the chair and started speaking while some others tore some papers paying no heed to the Speaker for restoration of order so that the listed business could be taken up.As Congress MLAs made a mock show of breaking the barricade of marshals leading to the Speaker's chair, Jakhar made repeated attempts to break the impasse by demanding an assurance that the chief minister be granted just a few minutes to speak.With the opposition not allowing the chief minister to give his \"explanation\" to the allegations on misuse of Rs 40 crore in Lambi assembly constituency, the Speaker took up the next item listed on the agenda -- adoption of the report of the first meeting of the business advisory committee. The report was passed by the House by voice vote even as the Congress pandemonium continued.The chair repeatedly called upon Congress member Sekhri to read his calling attention notice (\"towards mixing of sewerage water with the portable water in Gandhi area of Batala city\"), the opposition members did not pay any heed to the Speaker.Thereafter, Atwal called for laying or relaying of various papers on the table of the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674135", "title": "Shah Rukh greenlights Vashu Bhagnani\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next", "text": "The actor took everyone by surprise by quietly giving away the title Rangrez to the filmmakerThose who know him well have always maintained he makes for a great friend. And now, Shah Rukh Khan has proved to be a friend in need to producer Vashu Bhagnani.Bhagnani's next project Rangrez , to be directed by Priyadarshan and starring Jacky Bhagnani and Priya Anand, seemed to have hit a roadblock when he was told the title belonged to Shah Rukh's company Red Chillies Entertainment. He found himself in a fix, especially since the film's pre-production was near complete. He though they would have to change the title at the last minute. However, thanks to ShahRukh's timely intervention,matters didn't come to that point.A source told TOI, \"The film's title goes very well with the lead character and losing it would have meant a huge set back. Besides, the pre-production of the film was almost done and Vashu's team had already started making the creatives.\"It was then that Vashu sent a text message inquiring about the title and whether he could use it, the source revealed. \"Shah Rukh replied he is not aware about his company holding the title but he would look into it. The very next day, Vashu received a 'No Objection' letter from Red Chillies stating they have no problem with Rangrez being used by Vashu.\" Vashu confirmed the news and said, \"Yes, all this was done in a day's time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17673392", "title": "Assam guv assistance for HIV positives", "text": "GUWAHATI: Governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik on Tuesday declared a grant of Rs five lakh from his discretionary fund to a non-profit community-based NGO, Assam Network of Positive People (ANP+), for their work for HIV positive people since 2004.The governor and his wife, first lady Jayanti Patnaik, were deeply moved on hearing the stories and plight of HIV affected people. The Patnaiks asked them several questions so as to understand their problems better and ameliorate their condition. The governor was impressed by the work undertaken by Jahnabi Goswami, a young HIV positive woman who's behind the NGO, and thanked her for her immense contribution towards the welfare of HIV positive people.The governor said he would extend all possible help to look into the enactment of an anti-discriminatory act in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17672018", "title": "Minority scholarship: IRC seeks to join proceedings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A leading Muslim organization, Islamic Relief Committee (IRC) on Tuesday requested the Gujarat high court to join in the proceeding on the issue of the central government extending financial support to a particular community on the ground of religion.However, the original petitioner, a Congressman Adam Chaki vehemently opposed IRC's request. Urging the court not to hear IRC on this issue, Chaki's counsel Hashim Qureshi argued, \"The so-called community leaders could not see the issue although it was pending since 2008. The organization wants to gain publicity.\"IRC argued before the high court that it came to know about the proceeding through news reports and expressed desire to be part of it since it was an important issue regarding rights of minority. Advocate Qureshi said that the court dismissed IRC's plea but permitted it to become an intervener saying that anybody can address the court as intervener.On Tuesday, the central government sought adjournment on the ground that it was yet to file a reply to another intervener, Rajesh Solanki. The full bench kept January 22 for the next hearing.The high court has set up a five-judge bench to finalize whether extending financial support to a particular religious group or minority should be considered violation of constitution, which prohibits discrimination against anybody on ground of religion. The full bench has been constituted after a division bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala ruled in October that a pre-metric scholarship offered by the Centre for children of five minority communities in Gujarat is in violation of constitutional provision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672915", "title": "Victim battles for life, Sonia Gandhi turns up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty-four hours after they performed a lifesaving surgery on the 23-year-old woman, who was gang-raped in a moving bus, doctors at Safdarjung Hospital were happy to record an improvement in her vital parameters on Tuesday morning. However, by the evening, her vitals had dropped sharply as she developed an infection.At 10.45pm, Congress president Sonia Gandhi visited the victim's family in the hospital and enquired about her health from the doctors.One of the doctors treating her said, \"As compared to last night, her condition was a little better in the morning . We didn't have to give medicines to regulate her blood pressure. Also, she was less dependent on the ventilator. She can't speak as the ventilator tube is inserted in her mouth, but she wrote on a piece of paper that she had pain in the back.\"By the evening, doctors say, her condition deteriorated as the platelet levels dropped sharply indicating an infection. \"Her pulse rate is very high\u00e2\u20ac\u201d130\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand the fall in platelet is a cause of concern. At present, her platelet count is 48,000,\" said Dr B D Athani, medical superintendent, Safdarjung Hospital.Next 48 hours are going to be crucial for her as chances of infection spreading to other body parts are very high. \"We are giving her medicines to treat the infection. There were serious injuries in her intestine ... If the infection is not controlled, then we might have to operate. But at present, she is not in a condition to undergo a second surgery,\" said Dr Athani.To alleviate the excruciating pain, doctors are giving her morphine. But they say she is still conscious and complaining of pain. \"She is in a lot of pain. What she has gone through is horrifying. It was not just rape. It was much more than that. There is per manent damage to her vital organs,\" said a senior doctor. Doctors say that if she survives this, then multiple surgeries have to be performed to repair the damaged organs.Due to high risk of infection , doctors have not allowed anyone to meet her. \"Only her father has met her once. We are allowing her mother to meet her, but she is not sitting in the room,\" said Athani. Earlier, LS Speaker Meira Kumar , BJP's Smriti Irani and NCW chairman Mamta Sharma met the victim's family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17670387", "title": "Student falls off bike, run over by dumper", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An 18-year-old automobile engineering diploma student of Pillai Polytechnic College, New Panvel, was killed in a road accident while he was on the way to attend his practical examination at the college on Tuesday morning.Shubham Gurakhe was riding pillion on a motorcycle with a college mate. Reportedly, Gurakhe's friend lost the balance of the bike at Sector 15A, near Andhra Bank, resulting in the victim's falling off the motorcycle on the road.A dumper, which was speeding behind them, ran over Gurakhe, smashing his head and killing him on the spot. The victim's friend suffered minor injuries.\"Shubham resided near DAV Public School in Panvel. He had to attend his practical exams on Tuesday. Locals nabbed the dumper driver and handed him over to the Panvel police,\" said an official of Pillai Polytechnic College.The mishap has occurred just two days after a young Parsi priest, Kaiwan Dastoor, was killed in a motorcycle accident on Palm Beach Road in Belapur. Dastoor's 20-year-old friend, Cherag Soli Desai, who was on the bike with him, suffered serious injuries. The duo's motorcycle was hit by an unknown vehicle in the wee hours on Sunday.The Navi Mumbai traffic police has urged motorists, especially youngsters, to follow traffic rules diligently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673155", "title": "Structural audit was clean: Trustee", "text": "PUNE: The central portion of the dome that caved in killing 13 labourers in Wagholi on Tuesday was part of a proposed 60-bed ayurvedic hospital that was scheduled to be launched in April next year.Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust was launching the hospital with a major thrust on providing 'panchkarma' treatment for various ailments, including cancer. A year ago, the trust launched a dedicated cancer hospital, also at Wagholi, which was inaugurated by the then president Pratibha Patil.\"The construction work of the three-storey hospital, spread over 40,000 sq feet area, started almost a year ago. We planned to inaugurate it in April next year. The work was at the tail end when the unfortunate incident took place,\" Sukumar Sardeshmukh, ayurveda expert and trustee of the Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust, told TOI.Sardeshmukh said, \"A structural audit of the building was carried out two months ago and it found the work satisfactory on all fronts. We have been meticulous about the construction quality of all our establishments; we never compromise when it comes to quality of work. The incident was totally unexpected.\"He further stated, \"We allotted the work to a building contractor after following a regular tender process.\" The trust was cooperating with the police and had handed them over the copy of the work order, which specifies the details of the contract between the trust and the contractor, he added.The Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust has undertaken many ventures, including an ayurveda hospital and research centre, research projects on cancer, AIDS, arthritis and delayed bone healing, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671879", "title": "MLAs, CM deplore Gondia CEO action", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday deplored the arrests of Gondia zilla parishad elected members by the police under SC/ST Atrocities (Prevention) Act following ZP chief executive officer (CEO) Yeshwant Gedam's complaint.Raising the issue during zero hour, leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse pointed out that Gedam had lodged a complaint against the office-bearers of the local-self government because they exposed the corrupt practices of the official and passed a resolution seeking his removal from the post. \"It's a gross misuse of the Act and Gedam should be terminated from service,\" Khadse demanded. He also informed the house that the district observed a bandh to protest the arrests.\"Now all ZP office-bearers, including president Netram Katre, vice-president Vinod Agarwal and others are in jail. If the district administration acts in this manner, no one will come forward against corruption in government offices,\" he said seeking a statement from the government on the matter. The elected members had questioned serious irregularities in local-self government, including illegal recruitment of engineers.Following the resolution seeking his removal from the post, chief minister had instructed the GAD to relieve Gedam of his charge recently. In retaliation, Gedam lodged a complaint against the office-bearers, alleging that they had manhandled him, used abusive language and made casteist remarks. Khadse said Gedam had lodged complaints against 70 persons. \"The government must verify the facts and act,\" he said.BJP member Sudhir Munganttiwar alleged that allegations against the office-bearers of the ZP were totally fabricated and the government should act against Gedam. He also demanded that Gondia superintendent of police should also be suspended for hastily arresting the office-bearers without proper enquiry.\"The act of the official is condemnable,\" Chavan said and assured the house to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "marripalem", "code": "17672315", "title": "N Kiran Kumar Reddy woos tribals, promises them roads", "text": "MARRIPALEM: Reaching out to tribals in the Maoist area of Marripalem in Koyyuru mandal, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday evening said that a total of Rs 1,322 crore had been sanctioned under the IAP (Integrated Action Plan) for laying of an extensive BT road network across the 11 Agency mandals in Visakhapatnam district.Announcing a number of development-linked initiatives, the chief minister sanctioned Rs one crore for the setting up of a degree college for girls and another Rs 90 lakh for a girls' hostel under the IAP funds. He also that that 10 lakh acres will be covered under the Indira Jala Prabha (IJP) scheme that would benefit 6 lakh tribal farmers.Talking about the MGNREGS scheme, he said that 45,000 people have completed 100 days of work under the scheme and another 45,000 were inching closer to the 100-day mark this year. He also remarked that tribals were hardworking and talented and only need some guidance to channelize their energy and talent.Earlier, at Vemulapudi village he announced the sanctioning of Rs 12 lakh for the development of 11.34 acres of land under the Indira Jala Prabha scheme that will benefit about nine tribal families from Bonkulapalem village. He also interacted with the Indira Kranthi Padham (IKP) beneficiaries at the village, which happens to be the native village of TDP's Narsipatnam MLA Bollem Muthyala Papa.The small remote tribal village of Marripalem in Koyyuru Mandal turned into a fortress overnight, with police throwing a blanket of security in view of chief minister's visit on Tuesday evening. The chief minister travelled to Kotauratla in the plains near Narsipatnam for a night halt on Tuesday and is likely to play cricket with hostel inmates on Wednesday morning before leaving for Paderu in a chopper as part of the last leg of his three-day visit to the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17672057", "title": "Agitating Samajwadi Party workers halt train", "text": "VARANASI: Samajwadi Party workers stopped the movement of a passenger train at the Varanasi Cantonment railway station for some on Tuesday in protest against the SC/ST quota bill.Meanwhile, government employees and officers continued their strike on Tuesday. The PWD employees, under the banner of Sarvjan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, staged a dharna at the district headquarters, while the employees of 28 departments associated with Vikas Bhawan Rajya Karmachari Sangh also held meeting after boycotting their works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671765", "title": "Over 4,500 posts of agricultural scientists vacant: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The green revolution was born out of a heavy dose of public funded research in agriculture. However, the government's interest in agricultural research has dimmed ever since with more than 4,500 seats for scientists across various central and state government research institutes lying vacant.In reply to a question by Mahabali Singh in Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, the government said 40% of faculty positions in state agriculture universities have been vacant for years and a fifth of the positions for scientists in the countrywide network of central government agricultural research centres too have not been filled.\"Presently, 19% posts of agricultural scientists in different Indian Council of Agricultural Research Institutes are vacant. The R&D; programmes in these institutions are being managed through judicious re-deployment of available scientific manpower,\" minister for state for agriculture Tariq Anwar said.A study carried out by the National Academy of Agricultural Research and Management also showed that 40% of faculty positions in state agricultural universities have been vacant for years.More than 1,100 vacancies remain in the central agricultural research institutes across the country with the Delhi office of Indian Agricultural Research Institute having the highest number of seats for scientists vacant at 149.In state universities, 3,627 seats for scientists in agriculture and allied areas remained vacant at the end of 2010, the government said in its reply. This included vacancies in the agricultural research areas, forestry, fisheries, veterinary and dairy sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17673462", "title": "Arunachal SSA teachers suspend stir temporarily", "text": "ITANAGAR: The federal bodies of the Arunachal Teachers' Association (ATA) have unanimously decided to temporarily suspend the pen-down strike launched by the All Arunachal Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Teachers Association (Aassata) for three weeks due to the FA-3 (formative assessment) examination scheduled by the CBSE in secondary schools.While the announcement was made on Tuesday, the decision was taken at a federal body meeting of district ATA units with the central executive committee held at Naharlagun on Monday.A press release issued by ATA informed that the federal bodies served an ultimatum to the state government to redress the grievances of Aassata with regard to regularization of the remaining 2003 batch SSA teachers within three weeks.The federal body of ATA further endorsed the executive committee of ATA to immediately discuss and address the pay anomalies with the government within the stipulated time of three weeks. The meeting further resolved to resume the statewide indefinite pen- and tool-down strike from January 8 next year, in case the state government fails to address the grievances of Aassata and ATA's demand for rectification of pay anomalies for assistant teachers and other categories of teachers.\"However, the Aassata may continue its movement during the course of ATA's three-week ultimatum. Further, members of ATA also resolved not to tolerate any action against the agitating teachers,\" the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672721", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive at LML crossing", "text": "KANPUR: The enforcement wing of Municipal Corporation, Kanpur on Tuesday bulldozed as many as 30 permanent and temporary establishments in between LML crossing to LML factory under their anti-encroachment drive in city.The squad led by SK Singh, executive engineer Zone -5, Vinod Agnihotri and sub-inspector Anurag Pandey reached LML crossing in afternoon and demolished a county liquor shop being operated from two pukka rooms by Manoj Sonkar and Deepu Singh.The enforcement squad thereafter demolished 3 eating joints (roadside hotels), 21 sheds and 4 shanty shops to clear the encroachment. The squad thereafter moved to Vidyartthi market, Govind nagar and demolished goldy meat shop being run from a steel counter, and confiscated the goods of Keemat Mungodewala shop. The squad thereafter moved to Arya Kanya market and seized 38 plastic chairs kept on footpath for display. All the confiscated goods had been deposited at Zone five office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670817", "title": "High court orders jobless man to pay ex-wife", "text": "MUMBAI: A man's claim that he was HIV positive and unemployed failed to move the Bombay high court, which directed him to continue paying interim maintenance to his estranged wife. \"(The husband) has completely thrown his hands up without any positive evidence,\" said Justice Roshan Dalvi, adding, \"Pending the petition, the interim maintenance would have to be paid. No case for any alteration or modification of the impugned order is made out.\"The judge dismissed the petition filed by Anil Sharma who had challenged a family court's order asking him to pay interim maintenance of Rs 5,000 to his estranged wife Beena. The court held that the facts of his illness would have to be proved at the time of trial. \"This aspect would have to be seen at the trial when Sharma submits himself to cross examination and seeks to prove various illness certificates. The medical bills would have to be separately proved. The prescriptions for these medicines would also have to be proved,\" said Justice Dalvi.Sharma, who has not paid any maintenance so far and is in arrears, said he was HIV positive, had arthritis and TB susceptibility. He claimed that though he was an engineer by profession and used to earn around Rs 19,000 per month, he had lost his job due to his illness. He said his employment was terminated because he was so ill that he could not stand.Sharma also submitted various certificates, pathology reports and medical bills to show that he had spent Rs 3,900 on his HIV treatment. The court pointed that he had not paid the maintenance and could not shirk his responsibility.(Names of the couple have been changed to protect their identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672093", "title": "Grievance cell fails to address wakf property issues", "text": "HYDERABAD: The stream of complaints received by the Minority Grievance Cell at the Haj House is proving difficult to be addressed as most are tied in litigations.The cell was set up on October 29 on the ground floor of Haj House and has been functioning every Monday from 10.30 am to 1 pm. In its first two months, the cell received around 200 complaints.Most of the complaints received are related to issues concerning the AP State Wakf Board and the scholarship disbursal schemes under the AP State Minority Welfare Corporation. The cell has so far received 88 scholarship and economic bank assistance complaints. Around 90% of these were addressed by the MFC.Grievances pertaining to MFC have been decreasing on Mondays as the corporation receives a steady stream of complaints everyday during early hours. Issues pertaining to the Wakf Board have largely remained unsolved.Around 120 complaints were received regarding encroachment of wakf properties, delay in constitutions of management committees of properties and complaints pertaining to rent.Most of the complaints involve court cases or litigation in the Wakf Tribunal and have not been addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17672449", "title": "Fates sealed: EVMs under tight vigil in 13 strong rooms", "text": "VADODARA: District election authorities worked through the night to finally seal the strong rooms of two counting centres in Vadodara by 5 am on Tuesday morning, after the last bus carrying EVMs from Chhota Udepur arrived at the district centre in the wee hours.The fate of 107 candidates is now sealed in 13 strong rooms located in the heavily guarded campus of faculty of commerce and polytechnic college here. Election duty staff deputed for counting of votes has been asked to report to the two centres at 5 am on December 20, and would be subjected to randomization process to allot constituencies for counting. The actual counting of votes would begin at 8 am, and nearly 1,000 employees would be involved in the exercise, a government spokesperson said.On Tuesday morning all the 13 election observers arrived at the counting centres for scrutiny of form 17-C, which holds ballot papers account. The exercise, being undertaken for the first time, was to be conducted in the presence of candidates or their agents.Round-the-clock closed circuit television observation apart, the innermost security ring of the strong rooms has been entrusted to Central Reserve Police Force, while the outer rings consist of State Reserve Police and local police. Poll agents of the candidates are allowed periodical visits after logging in their presence. \"The visits are allowed so that they can check that the seals are intact and the EVMS are secure,\" additional district collector Ashok Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670874", "title": "Man abducted, murdered over love affair", "text": "MUMBAI: A 40-year-old man, who had been kidnapped from Dahisar (E) on Sunday, is suspected to have been murdered.Mahesh Shukla, the deceased, was a widower and worked as an agent. He had grown close to a widow, Shivani Singh (35), who resided in his locality. Police suspect two of Shivani's brothers-in-law to have kidnapped Shukla and killed him.Shivani's brothers-in-law, Ajay Singh and Jayesh Singh, objected to Shivani's friendship with Shukla. The matter escalated on Sunday when they saw Shukla at Shivani's home. \"Ajay and Jayesh hit Shivani and Shukla. Along with two other aides, they forced him into a car and sped away,\" an officer said.Shivani lodged a police complaint. But she did not tell cops about Shukla's disappearance as she feared that she would be quizzed about their relationship. Ajay and Jayesh were arrested and released on bail. On Sunday, Shukla's parents approached the police with a missing complaint as their son hadn't returned home. When Shivani was quizzed, she revealed Ajay and Jayesh's involvement. The two are at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17672047", "title": "Malda gambles with a tradition", "text": "MALDA: Gambling may be frowned upon by those conscious of the law, but for the people of Old Malda, it's sacrilege if they don't indulge in it at the Juar Mela or gambling fair held every year on the occasion of Mulasasthi. Even the enforcers of law are left with little to do when such festivals are backed by a religious sanction.Such was the picture at Mokatipur, about 7km from Old Malda, where groups of heads were seen huddled over gambling boards on Tuesday as a few policemen loitered about in the vicinity.When asked, locals said that the fair was organized every year to worship Goddess Sashthi - an incarnation of Goddess Durga. While the womenfolk were busy with puja rituals in the adjacent mango orchard, there were hardly any signs of piety on the open field where the men and others of the family were busy making a fast buck.Though nobody seemed to know for sure, but the elderly said that the tradition dates back to more than 300 years. Sixty-year-old Subhash Agarwala said, \"We have seen our ancestors organizing such fairs on the occasion of Mulasasthi. To attend the fair without taking part in the gamble is seen as an offence here.\"However, myth has it that during the Turkish rule, Mokatipur was a dense jungle with fierce animals and the women used to gather here to worship Goddess Sasthi for the welfare of their children. When they performed the rituals, it was the duty of their male counterparts to protect the kids from animals. With nothing to do, the men reportedly indulged in gambling as a pastime and the tradition has continued till the present day.However, times have changed and the women, too, participate in the betting nowadays. \"While in early days, gamble was played only with cards, now bets are played with rings and birds,\" said Parimal Burman, adding that this year's transaction would approximately amount to Rs 40 lakh.Homemaker Malati Saha and her father- in-law, who won Rs 600 in the gamble, also found nothing wrong with the fair. \"It is a ritual and has been followed over the years. Had we not followed it, it would have been a sacrilege!\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17670317", "title": "Hooch tragedy: Will Gaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Mantu Yadav spill the beans?", "text": "GAYA: A week after the hooch tragedy in which over dozen persons including two women, all of them Mahadalits, died after consuming spurious liquor in Rampur police station area of Gaya town, the police now pin hope on Mantu Yadav's custodial interrogation for a breakthrough in the case.Raj Kumar alias Mantu Yadav, the main accused in the case, earlier on Monday surrendered in the court of chief judicial magistrate, Gaya. The police have sought Mantu's remand for his custodial interrogation. The case is being investigated by a special investigation team led by City SP Akhtar Hussain.The investigators, besides unearthing the supply chain, have to establish the original source of the killer liquor. Interestingly, empty pouches recovered from the place of occurrence apparently bear the mark of the official packers of the liquor. Similar pouches were recovered from the godown allegedly owned by Mantu Yadav, thereby hinting at the possibility of a well-organized gang indulging in such activities.Meanwhile, moral pressure on senior police officials to take action against field officers whose complicity/negligence made the tragedy possible has gone up as the excise and prohibition department has taken the lead by suspending a couple of junior officers and punishment transfer of a senior functionary of the department. Initially, senior police officials took the plea that for them, more important than responsibility fixation was the proper investigation of the case. Now that the excise department has gone into punishment mode, it has become untenable to protect the police officers, who looked the other way if not connived with the criminals.Investigators are aware of the fact that they have to come out with more facts - facts that can withstand judicial scrutiny to bring the culprits to justice.Though property documents recovered from the house of Yadav during the search operation conducted on court orders throw enough light on the ill-gotten wealth of the liquor mafia, the exact supply chain without any breakages has to be established.The victims would have been the best source of information for the investigators to unearth the supply chain from the user end, but that option is now gone.The survivors may also throw some light but the manner in which, several survivors escaped from the hospital leaves some unanswered questions in that respect as well.All said, it is a uphill task for the investigators to establish a fool-proof case in the matter. There is a general feeling that lethargy may creep in once the issue fades to make room from another big news story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671842", "title": "Patkar sets up own panel to probe irrigation scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Human rights activist Medha Patkar has now joined the crusade against corruption in state's irrigation works. Clubbing her agenda against big dams with this issue, on Tuesday she announced forming an independent investigation team to look into irrigation scam. Apart from financial affairs, the team would probe whether large and medium projects were needed at all and if alternatives were considered. She termed large dams as often a waste of resources. The team would submit report in six months.Patkar, who has expressed doubts over Madhavrao Chitale's credentials to head the special investigation team ( SIT) announced by the state government, has roped in retired irrigation officials in her team. The key members are Satish Bhingare, a former chief engineer from Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation ( VIDC), and Pradip Purandare, an academician from state's Water and Land Management Institute ( WALMI) in Aurangabad.Patkar said the team would also cover the conditions of project affected persons (PAPs) as well as the beneficiaries of the project and look into diversion of irrigation water to urban and industrial uses. The team, apart from going to the interiors, would rely on earlier reports regarding irregularities in irrigation sector. \"So far, there has been no post-facto analysis of dams made in the state except that of Majalgaon dam in Beed district. Our probe, however, would not be a thorough environmental impact assessment as that cannot be done in short span of six months,\" said Patkar.She termed the white paper a mere eyewash saying that an independent probe involving public has to be conducted. The white paper could not be considered as a composite document as it mentions the projects and the costs involved. It has not touched upon the reasons of steep hike in cost, except attributing it to increase in cost of land acquisition, rehabilitation and delays in transfer of forest land. There has been no mention of norms being flouted blatantly and many other irregularities, she added.The only count on which Patkar agreed with the white paper was that it mentioned that no more large and medium projects were needed. About Chitale, she reiterated that though he was a knowledgeable person, he was not right person to head a probe as he is known for a pro-establishment stance in earlier investigation committees headed by him. He had headed investigations into Mumbai floods but despite the devastation, he did not come up with any radical findings, she said.Having shared dais with whistleblower in state's water resources department Vijay Pandhare two months ago, Patkar said he could have been an ideal choice for her investigation team. Pandhare continues to remain in government service. He had submitted his resignation but was persuaded to stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672885", "title": "Time-bound parking planned", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the convenience of visitors, UT has decided to introduce separate zones for long-term and short-term parking in market areas here, as is done at international airports.The system, which will be introduced initially at the Sector 34 commercial complex, will also provide proper space for a sizeable number of cars of showroom owners parked for almost the entire day right in front of their premises. \"As of now, there is no clear cut distinction between long-term and short-term parking, which is required for the convenience of visitors,\" says the plan prepared by the urban planning department.\"It is a good idea, provided it works out properly to ensure that people who come with drivers or differently-abled are not put to any inconvenience. Cars that are parked for the entire day do eat up a lot of parking space,\" said M P S Chawla, former chairman of municipal corporation's committee on parking.Rail India Technical and Economic Services (RITES) has warned that there is practically no scope for further widening of V3 roads, except some geometric improvements at junctions. Further, if traffic grows at the existing pace, major road networks will get choked in the following decade. Therefore, to overcome the problem, a citywide mass transport system is needed urgently.The share of slow-moving vehicles varies from 13% to 28% and the average is about 19%. The share of bus traffic has an average of about 1.9%. The fast-moving passenger vehicles predominantly comprise two-wheelers, cars and autorickshaws, while slow vehicles comprise cycles and cycle-rickshaws.It is seen that the share of two-wheelers and autos in total traffic is maximum at most locations. Share of goods traffic varies from 0.5% to 10% and the average goods traffic in the study area is about 3%, reveals a survey done by the traffic policeTo highlight the magnitude of overdependence on private vehicles, RITES took a count of vehicles crossing from different locations in the city and found that nearly 84% were private vehicles. Major development has been proposed in suburban towns of Chandigarh urban complex and this is likely to further increase traffic density. There will be need to provide adequate and quality commuter service to these towns from UT, reads the survey report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17672260", "title": "LPG subsidy: High court asks govt to make stand clear", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala high court has directed the state government to inform the court about its plan to provide subsidy for three household LPG cylinders, in addition to central government's subsidy. The direction by a division bench comprising chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique was while considering a public interest litigation challenging the limitation brought in by central government, limiting the supply of subsidized cylinders to six per year per family.In a cabinet meeting on October 19, state government had decided to meet the subsidy expense for three cylinders, in addition to the six cylinders provided by the central government. The government had also extended the eligibility to all families, compared to the subsidy being limited to below poverty line (BPL) families earlier.Considering the petition filed by advocate Basil Attipetty, the court observed that ministers declare on TV channels that they would wipe the tears of the poor but when they did not implement such promises, number of litigations pending before the court increased.Directing that the PIL would be heard by the court after six weeks, the court ordered for sending notices to central and state governments to know their stand on the issue.The petitioner had alleged that central government's decision was without any notice to the general public and had made life miserable for people as their genuine expectation was that they would continue to receive a cylinder each month.During the hearing on Tuesday, the petitioner contended that families in Kerala were restrained to use LPG as firewood was not widely available, in view of the density of population and laws restricting felling of trees in forests.The petitioner's contention is that curtailing supply of LPG cylinders without notice amounts to violation of right to life, which is guaranteed by the Constitution.##Kochi: State government should inform the Kerala High Court about its plan to provide subsidy for three household LPG cylinders, in addition to central government's subsidy, the Kerala High Court directed on Tuesday.The direction by a division bench comprising of chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice AM Shaffique was while considering a public interest litigation challenging the limitation brought in by central government, curbing supply of cylinder to six per year per family.In a cabinet meeting on October 19, state government had decided to meet the subsidy expense for three cylinders, in addition to the six cylinders provided by the central government.The government had also extended the eligibility to all families, compared to the subsidy being limited to below poverty line (BPL) families earlier.Considering the petition filed by advocate Basil Attipetty, the court observed that ministers declare on channels that they will wipe the tears of the poor but when they don't implement such promises, number of litigations pending before the high court rises.Directing that the PIL would be heard by the court after six weeks, the court ordered for sending notices to central and state governments to know their stance on the issue.The petitioner had alleged that central government's decision was without any notice to the general public and has made life miserable for people as their genuine expectation was that they would continue to receive a cylinder each month.During the hearing on Tuesday, the petitioner contended that families of Kerala are restrained to use LPG as firewood is not widely available, in view of the density of population and laws restricting felling of trees in forests.The petitioner's contention is that curtailing supply of LPG cylinders without notice amounts to violation of right to life, which is guaranteed by the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671221", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority fines mishap-prone contractor Rs one crore", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has slapped a fine of Rs 1 crore on its contractor, Simplex Infrastructure Ltd, for three mishaps on the Lalbaug flyover and one on the Eastern Freeway between November 2010 and July 2012.The notice\u00e2\u20ac\u201dissued on Monday by MMRDA chief engineer S M Sabnis\u00e2\u20ac\u201daccuses the company of failing to fulfill its contractual obligations with regard to safety which, according to him, was the reason for the incidents.The action has come five-and-a-half months after 13 concrete segments (weighing over 1,000 tonnes) of the under-construction elevated road at Wadala collapsed with a huge launching machine killing two and injuring six others. The notice warns the contractor of debarment from bidding for MMRDA projects for more than a year if any such incident happens again and puts a question mark on its operational efficiency, too.In a letter to Amitabh Mundhra of Simplex Infrastructure, Sabnis said the incidents indicated lack of safety arrangements, operational efficiency and monitoring mechanism.The penalty notice also refers to recovery of penalties levied on the firm so far. When contacted, Simplex officials did not comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674925", "title": "National emblem in 'Dabangg 2' needs to be blurred, says CBFC", "text": "Though the Censor Board Of Film Certification(CBFC) was largely happy with the content of Dabangg 2 apparently some members of the examining committee noticed an aberration in some sequences which if not corrected could have caused a national furore.Apparently the national emblem framed on the wall of Chulbul Pandey's police station depicted the national emblem incorrectly.Sensitive to the slightest abnormality pertaining to national sentiments the CBFC has asked producer-director Arbaaz Khan to simply blur the corner of the film's frames where the national emblem appears.Says a source, \"Arbaaz took three cuts in Dabangg 3 voluntarily including a reference to the word dhobi which he changed to dhodi and prasad for holy offering which has also been changed. But he was in a quandary regarding the national emblem. To re-shoot at that late stage would have been impossible. To delete all the shots where the emblem appears would have been impratical. To re-shoot at that late stage was out of the question.\"So it was decided that blurring the screen wherever the national emblem appears would be the most practical thing to do.Explaining the censorial intervention the CBFC's official spokesperson Anjum Rajabali says, \"The national emblem has to always be shown exactly as it is. This rule is governed by the National Emblem Act. It is likely that a minor visual inaccuracy occurs inadvertently sometimes. Hence the need to blur.\"The last time a blur was recommened by the CBFC for for a politically-volatile emblem was when a flag reading 'Save Tibet' showed up in Imtiaz Ali's Rockstar .One doubts if Chulbul Pandey would have an opinion on Tibet .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671737", "title": "5-day rice and orange fair begins today", "text": "NAGPUR: The state agriculture department, through its Agriculture Technology Management Agency (Atma), is organizing a five-day rice and orange fair from Wednesday in the open space outside the agronomy department of College of Agriculture, opposite Nagpur University library building.The idea of orange fair in the winter session was earlier dropped as bad crop spelt shortage of oranges. Now, the department has decided to combine orange with rice fair so farmers can at least sell their major crop of season to consumers directly, removing middlemen. This year, department will also rope in five mobile vans that will carry rice, oranges and vegetables to some important residential areas of the city and be stationed there the entire day. Maharashtra State agriculture minister Radhakrishan Vikhe Patil will be flagging off these mobile vans at 10am from the old Vanamati premises near Bole petrol pump at 10am.The fair will be open to visitors from 10 am to 9.30pm on all five days. Atma project director from Nagpur Nalini Bhoyar told TOI that the vehicles will be used all five days. \"We have engaged the vans only for this purpose. They will help reach the produce to more people and people prefer such services,\" she said.Bhandara Atma project director Pradnya Godghate said rice farmers mainly from Bhandara district would be here to sell rice varieties including HMT, Jaishriram, Chinnor, in both organic and inorganic. The vans will be stationed at Priyadarshini colony near RTO, Lendhra park, Ramdaspeth, Vanamati premises in Dharampeth, government employee's colony in Ravi Nagar, PDKV guesthouse in Bajaj Nagar, Chaukani Maidan, Hanuman Nagar and Mahatma Phule Colony in Suyog Nagar.\"The fair is a good opportunity to create a link between farmers and consumers. Once they know each other they could maintain the links and pass on the contacts,\" said acting superintending agriculture officer R B Chalwade. However, if there is not very good response in these areas, the vehicles will move to other areas as well.More details can be had from Pramod Parvate on 7588191560, Devanand Chaudhari on 9422934711, Vinayak Mundle on 9423112351 and P M Kodape on 9423192151.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "zirakpur", "code": "17672942", "title": "Work on Zirakpur 3.5km ring road begins", "text": "ZIRAKPUR: Zirakpur and Derabassi are being developed by Punjab government as \"modern, urban satellite towns\" with international real estate players evincing an interest in projects. This was highlighted as the foundation stone for 3.5km six-lane Ring Road in Zirakpur was laid to divert Delhi-Mohali traffic away from Zirakpur.Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal, who laid the foundation stone, said, \"There are plans to give the status of sub-tehsil to Zirakpur keeping in view its fast development in the state. The deputy commissioner has been asked to submit a proposal in this regard for the next cabinet meeting. Chief administrator GMADA Ajoy Kumar Sinha was also asked to submit a proposal for linking Zirakpur with Kajoli Water Works to solve the chronic drinking water problem of this area.\"Announcing Rs 80 crore international sports stadium at Nada Sahib, Badal said, \"A facelift for the region was required for which a ring road is being built. Another foundation stone of Rs 2,500 crore Chandigarh-Bathinda four-laning project was on the anvil which would connect Zirakpur with Malwa through expressway.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671687", "title": "Pension plan for forces by January: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Tuesday said the order for implementation of the recently-announced Rs 2,300 crore pension package for ex-servicemen and their families will be issued next month.Addressing the parliamentary consultative committee on defence, Antony said this was the third time in the last four years that the government had \"systematically improved the post-retirement benefits for ex-servicemen\".Ex-servicemen, however, are angry with the government for trying to project the Rs 2,300-crore pension package as the fulfillment of their long-pending demand for one-rank, one-pension (OROP), which basically means payment of uniform pension to personnel retiring in the same rank with the same length of service irrespective of their date of retirement.The minister described the \"twin tasks\" of improving pension and medical benefits for ex-servicemen as \"subjects of prime concern\" and \"an ongoing process\".Outlining the measures taken to improve healthcare benefits for retired soldiers, he said, \"The government has been trying to expand the delivery mechanism and simplify procedures so that the ex-servicemen get the required medical benefits without hassles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671363", "title": "Man rejects marriage proposal, killed", "text": "MUMBAI: Hours after Joginder Chauhan (36) was murdered at Dahisar, cops arrested his relative Brijesh Chauhan for the murder on Tuesday.Police said Joginder had objected to Brijesh's marriage proposal for his daughter, which led to the killing. Around 1am on Tuesday, the two men had a heated argument, following which Brijesh (22) slit Joginder's throat with a knife. Police traced Brijesh from Dahisar later in the day.\"When Joginder learnt that Brijesh wanted to marry his daughter, he confronted Brijesh, who asked for permission for the wedding. Joginder rejected the proposal which upset Brijesh,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672549", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAshok Nagar to get world class roads in a year\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: Walking along Ashok Nagar roads is going to be a all-new experience as the civic body on Tuesday announced that road works will be completed in one year.Speaking at a public hearing on the proposed world class road project, mayor Saidai S Duraisamy said that the first phase of the project in Ashok Nagar will be completed in a year. Officials said that 3,150 metres in 1st, 4th and 11th avenues in Ashok Nagar and Ambedkar Salai in Kodambakkam have been selected in the first phase of the project. Project consultant STUP Consultants suggested an exclusive cycle track of 1.3 km in 1st and 11th avenue.\"The civic body should also involve residents in the project. The proposed world class roads will also ease the traffic congestion,\" said Ramasamy, a resident of Ashok Nagar.A corporation official said that land won't be acquired for the project \"but we will remove hawkers from the stretches.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17672475", "title": "Election Commission slips: Easy for some, difficult for others", "text": "VADODARA: During the Gujarat assembly elections in 2007 one came across a common sight of voters queuing up at the tables of both BJP and Congress on the day of voting. The voters used to flock tables of political parties to find out their booth and room number to cast their votes. But party workers at these tables were seen whiling away their time on Monday when 70 per cent voters came out to exercise their voting rights.The tables at some distance from the polling booths in all the five assembly constituencies in the city wore a deserted look, thanks to Election Commission's efforts (EC). EC had managed to issue voter slips bearing photographs to a large number of voters in the state ahead of this elections. The slips carried all the necessary information, including the ward number and the room in which the voters were to cast their ballot.\"It made voting easier for people, especially a large portion of young voters who voted for the first time. They didn't have to take pains to search for their name in the voters' list and then find out the room number. All they had to do was walk directly into the booth and cast their vote,\" Congress general secretary Shailesh Amin said. \"So most of the voters didn't visit tables kept by our party to help people find out their names. The in-flow was considerably down this time at the political parties' tables equipped with voters' list, but we are happy that the voting percentage went up,\" he added.In fact, ahead of the polls, the city Congress was promoting its website that carried voters' list with complete details. The new trend has also made it difficult for politicians to gauge voters' mood. \"Earlier, people used to come to the tables with slips distributed by political parties. We used to gauge voters' preference from the slips that carried party's symbols. But this time we have not been able to make any guesswork,\" a BJP worker, who managed several booths in the city, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671662", "title": "Privilege motion against Solapur superintendent of police", "text": "NAGPUR: Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil on Tuesday admitted a privilege notice by Pandharpur MLA Bharat Bhalke against Solapur superintendent of police Rajesh Pradhan. Bhalke alleged that the SP had insulted him and breached his privilege as a member of the state assembly by denying him an opportunity to welcome home minister R R Patil at a helipad in Pandharpur last month.Bhalke said he was on his way to the helipad on November 30 to welcome the home minister when he was prevented by the SP. \"I was stopped and he insulted me in full public view. When I tried to convince him that being a peoples' representative, I have every right to meet the minister and welcome him when he comes to my constituency, the police superintendent refused to listen. Instead of allowing me to the helipad, he used abusive language and stopped me from reaching the helipad,\" claimed Bhalke.\"When I tried to stop him from his rude behaviour and told him that I would take up the issue with the home minister, Pradhan replied that I could do whatever I wanted,\" Bhalke told the house, recounting the incident. The independent member demanded strict action against the officer. Walse-Patil admitted the motion and referred it to the privilege committee for consideration and action.Another independent member Vivek Pandit moved a breach of privilege notice against additional chief secretary (revenue) for not providing details in last five months in a matter relating to his constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17672837", "title": "No objection certificates may be must for water, power supply in new homes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Home buyers in urban areas of the state will soon have to obtain no objection certificates (NOCs) from city development agencies for getting water and electricity connections to their individual houses.The government is planning to restore Section 93 of the Odisha Development Authorities (ODA) Act 1982 abolished in 1985 through an amendment. The Act makes the NOC mandatory. The government had deleted the particular section, terming it as too \"restrictive\".At present, only a developer has to obtain permission from agencies concerned (such as Bhubaneswar Development Authority in the state capital) for power and water for the entire apartment. Individual houses of a group housing scheme or an apartment don't need separate permission for the same. \"As a result, some developers are raising housing units without approval and selling them. Restoration of Section 93 will be an effective check on such unscrupulous developers,\" housing and urban development secretary Injeti Srinivas told TOI.Srinivas said even without Section 93, BDA can demolish the unauthorized portions. But demolition is not a feasible option as house owners can move court and there may be a prolonged legal battle. However, if such constructions do not get power and water supply, nobody will buy such houses. It will force builders not to construct such deviated structures. Many other states have similar provisions, the officer said.Srinivas said the housing and urban development department will soon place a proposal for amendment of the Act. Meanwhile, the government will execute the NOC decision through an executive order in the ODA areas.Realtors have welcomed the move with caution. \"It is a good idea to check dubious builders by not allowing water or power. However, the same law should not be misused by the development agencies to harass home buyers. This would affect the realty market ,\" said president of Real Estate Developers Association of Odisha Pradipta Kumar Biswasray.The government is also planning to extend BDA jurisdiction. \"We will examine provisions for expansion development authorities' areas in other states to formulate legally tenable rules to extend BDA planning areas,\" said BDA planning member PK Patnaik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17673490", "title": "All rape cases aren\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t reported, police admit", "text": "CHENNAI: The city may record only a fraction of the cases of rape that Delhi does, but experts say, and police admit, that official numbers for rapes and sex crimes in Chennai are much lower than the actual instances of such offences.According to official data, an equal number (76) of rape cases were recorded in 2010 and 2011. Sixty-five cases have been reported so far this year. Official figures show that there have been fewer instances of sexual harassment and molestation over the past three years.Police say they are putting in place measures to check such crimes. Apart from implementing a new policy of enhanced 'visible policing' , officers are training constables to be sensitive to victims so that women are not dissuaded from reporting sexual abuse.\"We are aware that the figures belie the actual situation because many cases of rape are not reported,\" a senior police officer said. \"We have deployed additional policemen on the streets to prevent sex crimes and recruited more policewomen to make it is easier for a victim to come forward and report a crime.\"Fear of social stigma and retaliation by the perpetrator, and long legal procedures stop victims from filing police complaints.Police say victims can seek help by calling the women's helpline or the police control room, which will dispatch personnel in minutes . \"We deploy personnel in civvies in public places to deal with harassment,\" said assistant commissioner Shyamala Devi.However, old attitudes die hard. Instead of ensuring that women are protected, several police officers suggest that women avoid travelling alone at night, especially in lonely areas.Policemen are routinely charged with harassing people at night, but senior officers say personnel on night patrol are just doing their duty. \"They are posted at night for the safety of women out late. When a policeman on patrol questions a woman who is alone, it is to help them if needed,\" an officer said.Police have posted personnel on 12 bus routes that are used by a large number of school and college students to prevent incidents of harassment and stalking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670568", "title": "3.3 lakh new vehicles on Patna roads in 6 years", "text": "PATNA: The massive development in the state capital in recent years has also resulted in a sharp jump in population and vehicular traffic but as far as cure to its traffic bottleneck is concerned, no one seems to have a definite answer. The manifold increase in congestion on the city roads can be gauged from the fact that as many as 3.30 lakh new vehicles were registered in the city since 2006 and 2.59 lakh new driving licences were issued in the last six years.In metros, flyovers and railway overbridges (ROBs) have played a major role in the management of traffic. Taking cue from them, currently there are four ROBs (at Mithapur, Gulzarbagh/Patna Saheb, Kumhrar and Danapur) and one flyover (Sheikhpura-Jagdeo Path) under construction in the city with a view to clearing traffic congestion in the near future.While the construction of ROBs has been undertaken by the Indian Railway Construction Company Limited (IRCON), the flyovers in the city are built by the Bihar State Bridge Construction Corporation (BSBCC). \"Railway overbridges are constructed after calculating the TVU (number of trains multiplied by vehicle units passing a gate) at level crossings (LC). If TVU is greater than one lakh, a double-lane ROB is built and if it exceeds three lakhs then a four-lane ROB is built,\" said VP Singh, project director, IRCON, adding that considering the traffic flow in Patna, all ROBs should be of four lanes.The under-construction projects of IRCON include the partially functional, four-lane Mithapur ROB (LC-79), to which two more legs are to be added. Its construction started in June 2007 and traffic movement has already started on certain faces of this ROB. After its completion, it would have a total of five legs. But at present, the addition work is on hold due to non-availability of land. Land acquisition for the double-lane, three-leg Gulzarbagh/Patna Saheb ROB is also underway, with the project having started in August 2008.In September 2010, IRCON also started building Kumhrar's two-lane and three-leg railway overbridge (LC-74) but officials fail to give any final date for its completion. Meanwhile, Danapur's four-lane ROB (LC-35B), whose construction started in October 2012, is expected to get completed by March 2014.In the past seven years, four ROBs have come up in the city - cable-stayed bridge of Chiraiyatand (December 2007), Bahadurpur (August 2005-December 2008), Agamkuan (June 2007-June 2010) and Sachivalaya (February 2006-June 2010). Before that, there were only 2 ROBs here, a small one at Chiraiyatand and Chitkohra (near the airport).Chiraiyatand pul was jointly built by IRCON and BSBCC. While its cable-stayed part was constructed on the pattern of second Hooghly Bridge at Kolkata by IRCON in December 2007 at a cost of Rs 14 crore, the remaining part was constructed by BSBCC earlier in 2006.The flyovers of the city are built by BSBCC, which has currently started work on the 2.76-km-long Sheikhpura-Jagdeo Path flyover since October 2012. To be built at a cost of Rs 160 crore, the four-lane flyover is expected to provide some respite to Patnaites from traffic snarls by December 2014. At present, load testing and shifting of the electric poles is going on here.\"Looking at the pace of development in the state, the number of flyovers/ROBs can increase in near future, depending on the requirement,\" said Ashok Kumar, senior planning engineer, BSBCC.A four-lane flyover at Boring Road - from A N College to Harihar Chamber - is under consideration by BSBCC. With a budget of Rs 170 crore, its construction is expected to start in March 2013. Plan for an ROB from the high court to Vishveshwaraiya Bhawan is in its initial phase.The state urban development and housing department (UD&HD;) is also mulling a traffic interchange (on the lines of the one near AIIMS, Delhi) near Patna Junction and another at Dak Bungalow crossing to clear the perennial traffic gridlock in these areas. \"We are looking into the feasibility of the project and it is on the design level right now. Something concrete will come up by the end of this financial year,\" S Siddharth, secretary, UD&HD;, told TOI.Ashok Rajpath the busiest of all", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671638", "title": "Banks not keen on funding rural housing", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithiviraj Chavan on Tuesday admitted in the state assembly that nationalized banks were not cooperating in implementation of the Rajiv Gandhi Rural Housing Scheme as they were not keen on providing housing loans to beneficiaries.Replying to Goverdhan Sharma ( BJP ) and others during question hour, Chavan said the government was reviewing the scheme and was trying to redesign it. The government will hold a special meeting with the members concerned and leader of the opposition to discuss modalities.Minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir informed the house that about 478 of the 552 proposals received were forwarded to banks for the loan facility in Akola district in 2007-08. But banks cleared only 26 cases. He also told the house that 63 branches of 14 nationalized banks were selected for implementing the scheme.Opposition members Devendra Phadanvis (BJP) and others wanted to know why the government was reluctant to take action against banks not willing to help poor applicants. Chavan said the government was reviewing the policy as such and exploring possibilities of action to be taken against the defaulting banks. Since it is not within its purview to act against nationalized banks, the government would consider making necessary provisions for such action, he said.Deputy speaker Vasant Purke sought to know why banks were reluctant. Was it because there were no guarantors for the principal amount and banks apprehended its NPA would rise, he asked. Khadse urged the chief minister to rein in nationalized banks for defying the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17671952", "title": "ICAR scientists used patented gene to develop BT cotton, says panel report", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Sopory panel report which blamed scientists of the Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) for developing Bt cotton with Monsanto patented gene and passing it off as desi cotton will be looked into, said S Ayyappan the Director General of ICAR while speaking to reporters on the side lines of the valedictory function of the Centenary Celebrations of Sugarcane Breeding Institute (SBI) in the city on Tuesday.S K Sopory, the vice chancellor of the Jawaharlal Nehru University who headed a committee which looked into the Bt cotton developed by ICAR scientists released their report recently saying that the cotton variety was made using a patented Monsanto gene. Ayyappan said the incident was as an isolated one. \"We are still in the learning phase and mistakes are part of the process,\" he said.Ayyappan said that SBI would aim to increase the sugarcane productivity of the country. Around 70 tonnes of sugarcane is produced from a hectare. This should increase to 1,00 tonnes per hectare in the coming years. Apart from this several studies are been undertaken by the scientists to study the emerging challenges in the agricultural sector. Climatic changes have brought many new diseases as well as shortage in water levels for irrigation.He added that the institute will be developed in the coming years. Infrastructure and resources will be pooled in. New courses and programmes would be initiated. At the same time there are several countries which are showing an interest to cooperate with the institute. \"Countries like Trinidad, Brazil and some from East Africa are interested in gaining expertise, technology and seeds from the institute. Some of them already have tie ups,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17673058", "title": "Angry students take to street, call for action", "text": "NEW DELHI: Munirka traffic junction was no less than Tahrir Square on Tuesday. Angry students swarmed the roads, blocked traffic for several hours and made their stand clear. They will not tolerate rapes in the capital anymore. Hundreds of students from Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), Delhi University , Jamia Milia Islamia University, women's rights activists and residents gathered at the junction blocking both the sides of the road with human chains. Students called it the 'chakka jam' .Delhi's silence on gender insensitivity was finally broken. Protestors expressed outrage over the 'incompetence' of Delhi Police in curbing sexual violence. They also blamed the patriarchal, dominating attitude of city men for such crimes.In fact, more men were seen at the protest than women , who said they were equally concerned. \"The fact that hundreds of students have gathered from different universities is a proof of how serious the situation is. Every one is angry and demanding an explanation,\" said Shakeel Anjum, general secretary of Jawaharlal Nehru University Students Union (JNUSU).Some protestors were so enraged that they couldn't hold back their tears. Kulsoom Rashid, who is part of a women's movement, said that no justice can be done to the girl. \" Can you imagine the degree of cruelty she has gone through? Even the most severe punishment will not suffice for what these men have done to her.\"Some senior citizens suggested that the five men be shot dead in public. \"It is our complacency that has led to this situation. Delhi is the rape capital because such crimes are normalized after a few days. Criminals get away and Delhiites go back to being complacent,\" said Kirti, a political science student from JNU.But the discontent was not just dominant among the educated 'elite' . Migrants and locals from the ghettos of Munirka village also came out to protest. Neetu, a cook from Nepal who joined the protest with her baby and some relatives said, \"Delhi is not safe for girls, forget migrants like us. Only punishing the men can teach them a lesson,\" she said. Rajbala, Ranjana Devi and Saroj from nearby areas came out of their homes after seeing the protest on TV. \"As women we know what the young girl is going through. Such violence is impossible without the connivance of police,\" they added.Many angry women said that the appropriate punishment for these men should be 'bobbitizing' or 'castrating' them. \"They should be hanged or bobbitized in public so that they don't dare to touch a woman again,\" said Ranjana Bharij, a resident of Munirka Enclave. Protestors who were protesting at the traffic junction moved to Vasant Vihar police station and blocked the gate around noon. They protested there till 3pm after some police officials agreed to meet them.Kamal Mitra Chenoy from the JNU Teacher's Association said there was a lack of respect for female lives in the capital. \"The UP, Haryana and Punjab triangle that surrounds the city also has the highest incidence of female feticide. Harassment, molestation not amounting to rape is not taken seriously at all here,\" he said.Activists and Students Federation of India (SFI) members said that only 12%of crimes against women get translated to FIRs. \"If 80% of cases are not filed, then how can the criminals be punished,\" said Ruchira from SFI. \"A study conducted in Tihar Jail shows that only those criminals were convicted who have committed at least four rapes,\" added Albina Shakeel, an activist.According to protestors, they will protest again on Tuesday till the home ministry comes out with a plan on improving the safety of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672092", "title": "Man killed by first wife's kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 25-year-old man was attacked and killed in Darabjung colony of Madannapet area by the relatives of his first wife on Tuesday afternoon.The deceased identified as Syed Younus had come to the colony to meet his second wife's sister. In the meantime Firdous, brother of his first wife arrived on the scene along with his associate Najeeb and attacked Younus with boulders. Younus suffered grievous injuries and was shifted to Osmania General Hospital where he died.The police suspect that the deceased had some issues with the relatives of his first wife who had died earlier. The Madannapet police have registered a case of murder against Firdous and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672905", "title": "Anupama case: PGI seeks extension for filing reply", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The external probe committee constituted by the PGI to find the cause of death of Anupama Sarkar has been dilly-dallying. It has been four months since it started the investigations, but on Tuesday it appealed the consumer court to grant extension for filing the replies.Dealing with the alleged negligence in the consumer court, advocate Pankaj Chandgothia directed his questions to Dr Sameer Aggarwal, in charge of advanced trauma centre at PGI. However, the PGI sought an extension till January 11 as Dr Sameer is on leave. \"He should not have left the country when the probe is on. However, there is no legal binding as such,\" said Pankaj.According to sources in PGI, the external probe committee has completed its injury and prepared the annexure. The external committee was formed on July 28. The members of the panel include AIIMS department of general surgery head Prof M C Mishra, Government Multi-specialty Hospital-16 medical superintendent Dr Rajiv Wadhera, Prof Y K Batra from department of anesthesia in PGI and Dr Vipin Koushal from hospital administration in PGI. The panel's chairman is Prof S S Gill, who is also the vice-chancellor of Baba Farid University of Health Sciences in Faridkot.Anupama Sarkar, a school-going teenager, was admitted to the PGI on July 17 after her leg was crushed under a Chandigarh Transport Undertaking bus. She died on July 24 following infection in the leg and subsequent cardiac arrest in the hospital.Following Anupama's death, an internal probe committee was constituted which gave a clean chit to the doctors and paramedical staff involved in the case. Following this, an external probe committee was constituted on August 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17670154", "title": "Purnia artists win accolades at Yuva Utsav", "text": "PURNIA: The three-day Yuva Ustav-2012, which attracted a large number of participants and art aficionados from across the state, with Purnia artists hogging the limelight and winning the highest number of awards, eight to be very precise, in its kitty, concluded on Tuesday.Muzaffarpur artists came second with six awards followed by Bhagalpur and Patna with four and three awards, respectively.Purnia divisional commissioner Brajesh Mehrotra and DIG BS Meena, while praising the amateur artists, also gave away prizes to them. Among those present were DM N Sarvanan Kumar, art and culture secretary Bibha Sinha, Zila Parishad chief Seema Devi, who lent colour and lustre to the final day's function with their august presence.Akhilesh Akhil's drama 'Mridangia' did not only draw huge applaud but also brought the coveted first prize to the artistes of Kala Bhawan for their vibrant performance on the Ustav's final day.Artists from Gopalganj and Saran districts also left an indelible impression on the select audience with their virtuoso performance on classical 'sitar' , violin and guitar. Gulabbagh-based Sargam Sanskrit Manch artistes won huge accolades for their sterling performance at rural folksong and group dance.Purnia DM N. Sarvanan Kumar, also thanked the performers for displaying their talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17673456", "title": "NSCN rebel nabbed in Tirap district", "text": "ITANAGAR: In a major breakthrough, a joint team of Arunachal Pradesh and Assam Police arrested a self-styled brigadier of NSCN (IM) from the insurgency-hit Tirap district.The team nabbed Absalom Raman alias Absalom Tangkhul on Monday from a village along the Arunachal-Assam boundary, officials said here on Tuesday. Acting on a specific tip off, the team meticulously executed the planned operation.The rebel leader was active in Tirap and Changlang districts for over 10 years and is the man behind the ingress and establishment of NSCN (IM) in a previously NSCN (K)-dominated area. He was also responsible for setting up a camp deep in the jungles near Longbo village, which was discovered and destroyed in a two-day-long operation in December last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17671985", "title": "Maid wanted in Anandnagar murder caught", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police officials investigating the case of a 50-year old woman's murder near Shyamal crossroads at her residence managed to catch the 'prime suspect' after almost 20 days. Manila alias Susanna, 19, was brought to the city by a team of Anandnagar police on Tuesday. She has been booked as one of the conspirators in the murder case.On November 26, Madhu Agarwal was found dead from her residence in Dhananjay Bungalows by her son. Her body bore 42 stabs. Manila, a domestic help in the house, was missing after the incident. Police arrested Rakesh Saha alias Rohit, 21, Mohit Saha alias Pappu, 24, and Sunil Mahato alias Bhagelu, 25 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all natives of Motihari district in Bihar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from near the Indo-Nepal border and brought them to the city on December 9.VD Gohil, assistant commissioner of police, N Division, told media on Tuesday that Manila Vatarsa alias Susanna, 19, a native of Gullu village in Kuti district of Jharkhand, was working in the Agarwal household for more than a year. She was hired by the family through a recruitment agency in Ranchi.\"Rohit and Mohit left Manila behind fearing police action and pointed us towards Bariarpur, Bihar where Mohit's in-laws are living. When we reached there, we got to know that they had shifted her to Sonbarsa village. We arrested her on Sunday and brought her to the city on Tuesday,\" said Gohil.Apparently, Manila fell in love with Rohit and helped him rob the Agarwals. Murder was not planned as they wanted to flee post robbery but when Agarwal resisted, they had to kill her. \"She not only got them inside the house but also increased the volume of the television when Agarwal started screaming. She tried to wipe out the floor with a bed sheet before she was pulled out of the house by Rohit. She says she was mistreated by the employers that caused her to side with Rohit,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670792", "title": "Discom to cut defaulters\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSES Yamuna Power Ltd will disconnect power supply of 14,500 defaulters if they do not pay their power theft dues and settle their cases in Lok Adalat within a week.\"Collectively, these people owe BYPL around Rs 250 crore... They can either do so at BYPL enforcement offices in Patparganj in east Delhi or Gandhi Market in central Delhi,\" said a press release issued by the discom on Tuesday.Of these, 14, 500 cases, the maximum number of cases - 3,825 are from Yamuna Vihar. This is followed by Daryaganj (2,514), Paharganj (2,202) and Karawal Nagar (1,944).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673179", "title": "Woman injured while resisting robbery attempt", "text": "PUNE: A 23-year old woman was seriously injured while resisting a robbery attempt at her brother's grocery shop near Ravet in Pimpri-Chinchwad on Monday early morning.Umradevi, who received severe injuries on her chest and right arm when a robber attacked her with a knife, has been admitted to the Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital.The incident happened around 2 am at the shop near Sameer lawns along Dehu Road-Katraj bypass. Umradevi's brother Jagdishkumar Khorwar, who has lodged a complaint at the Dehu Road police station, said his sister and he were asleep when the robbers came.\"I woke up after hearing some noise at the back door of the shop. When I asked who it was, a person identified himself as Babloo. When I refused to open the door, the robbers broke open the door and two men, who had their faces covered, barged in and threatened me.''One of the robbers attacked Urmradevi with a knife. Meanwhile, the neighbors woke up and shouted for help and the robbers ran away.\"A complaint of attempt of robbery has been lodged against unidentified people,\" said Amol Chaudhary, assistant inspector, who is investigating the case.Anand Jagdale, medical officer of health, PCMC, said: \"Umradevi has sustained serious injuries on her chest and has been admitted at the step-down intensive care unit of the hospital. Medical tests have been conducted on her.\"A health employee said Umradevi was bleeding when admitted to the hospital. Her condition is stable, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673061", "title": "Cop held again for auto-lifting", "text": "LUCKNOW: A suspended police constable, out on bail, was caught again in the city on Monday night for allegedly stealing another bike. The accused cop Dharmendra Verma was caught by the Alambagh police near Blunt Square in Mawaiyya on Monday.Dharmendra tried to flee when cops asked him to stop during checking but was nabbed. He failed to produce the registration papers of the bike. The police sent out an alert about the bike in Dharmendra's possession and soon got information from Naka police about a stolen bike matching the one caught from the suspended cop.Dharmendra was taken to the police station where he reportedly confessed having stolen the bike from Naka area on November 30. He was arrested by Aashiana police on October 7 with two stolen bikes. \"Dharmendra was sent to jail in October but came out on bail. We will press stringent charges against him this time,\" said Alambagh CO Sanjeev Tyagi.A native of Sitapur, the habitual offender was recruited as police constable in 2011. He was posted at Gonda but was suspended on some charges, said Tyagi. Dharmendra's father is also a police constable and posted at Lakhimpur Khiri. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17670219", "title": "Can't be in peak form always: Saina Nehwal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ace shuttler Saina Nehwal is eyeing good performances at the World championship and the All England Championship next year while adding that since the international badminton calendar was very busy, it was very difficult for any player to be at peak form for long.Meanwhile, Sahara India Pariwar on Tuesday announced its association with Saina. As a part of the association, Saina will don the Sahara logo while playing in tournaments worldwide.Talking to the media, about the season so far, Saina said it's been very hectic but she was looking forward to playing in the Korea and Malaysia Opens before the Worlds and All-England next year.When asked why she was unable to break the Chinese wall, she said: \"They are ten, and I am alone.\"She stressed on the development the world class structure in the country in order to compete with the Chinese might.On the occasion, Abhijit Sarkar of the Sahara Pariwar said, \"Ms Nehwal has always brought laurels to the nation and we are proud to take our association with her a step forward.\"On the occasion, she said, \"It's a great honour to be associated with Sahara which apart from being a huge business conglomerate has also done tremendously for the cause of promotion of sports. This has certainty boosted my confidence and I will be able to bring pride to the nation\".Saina may again give Modi badminton a missStar attraction and top seed Saina Nehwal may be a no-show second year running at the Syed Modi India Grand Prix Gold championship which begins on Wednesday. It will be a big setback for the organizers if she pulls out.Last year, she had pulled out at the last moment citing fever. This time, fatigue may force her to withdraw from the most prestigious badminton event in India. \"I will take a final call tomorrow,\" she said on Tuesday. If she pulls out, she will lose out on some valuable BWF ranking points here.\"But if she chooses to play, Saina is likely to have a cakewalk as the field here is bereft of any serious challenger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17672957", "title": "Scans show pharaoh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s throat slit during coup", "text": "LONDON: Conspirators may have killed Egyptian King Ramesses III \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the second Pharaoh of the 20th dynasty \u00e2\u20ac\u201d by slitting his throat, new forensic analysis of his mummy has revealed. The first CT scans to examine the king's mummy showed a cut to the neck deep enough to be fatal. The secret has been hidden for centuries by the bandages covering the it's throat that could not be removed for preservation's sake.The work may end at least one of the controversies surrounding the Pharaoh's death, which has been long debated by the historians, the 'BBC News' reported.Ancient documents including the Judicial Papyrus of Turin say that in 1155 BC, members of his harem attempted to kill him as part of a palace coup. The CT scans and DNA tests on the mummies at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo showed a deep, 2.7 inches wide wound to the throat just under the larynx, which the scientists say was probably caused by a sharp blade and could have caused immediate death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673149", "title": "Citizens uneasy about new BRT project", "text": "PUNE: Citizens groups have raised apprehensions that the new BRT project in phase one will meet the same fate as that of the pilot project. The groups, which were shown a presentation by the PMC about the new venture, said that the detailed project report has not been published and that there were several issues which the civic body needs to explain. However, the civic authorities said that they are planning to implement an ideal BRT which will benefit the people.Construction of two BRT corridors have been started, civic officials said. On Alandi Road, a seven km corridor will be constructed from Sangamwadi bridge junction to Vishrantwadi, while, on Ahmednagar Road, a 9 km will be constructed from Yerawda to Wagholi.Officials said that the Alandi Road corridor will be completed first. Although the officials claimed that the work would be completed by January end, construction of the BRT stations itself would take at least a couple of months more. The BRTS design for the new projects is different from the pilot project. Unlike the pilot project, the corridors are along the median with central bus stations.Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First said that going by the presentation, there was no evidence to indicate that PMC has taken care of the various factors which made the pilot BRTS project on the Katraj-Swargate-Hadapsar route a failure. In a letter to the civic administration, Inamdar said that the corridors on Nagar Road and Alandi Road do not constitute complete routes, ie, no bus route originates at Yerawda from where the Nagar Road BRT corridor begins.As there would be central bus stops along the median, safe road crossings for pedestrians and commuters were of prime importance, he said. Safe road level crossings should be provided at all junctions, bus stops and at intermediate locations.Inamdar said that the corporation was considering a closed system for the new BRTS, ie, only BRTS buses will be allowed on the corridor. The PMC and the PMPML should inform the people about the impact of this on the present bus routes via Nagar Road and Alandi Road. The PMPML should inform the commuters about the number of likely routes and destinations that would be curtailed, diverted or cancelled.The Pedestrians First has demanded that the corporation should immediately publish a detailed project report and take all steps, including public outreach and extensive interactions, to make the new BRTS project a success.Satish Khot, president of the National Society for Clean Cities for which the presentation was organized, said all aspects of the BRTS such as footpaths, bicycle lanes, pedestrian crossings, and GPS linked info systems should be taken up by the municipal corporation. Bus services should be linked to the BRTS. There should be proper branding and marketing of the BRTS, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673280", "title": "Citu slams 'anti-people' policies of govt", "text": "RANCHI: The Centre for Indian Trade Unions (Citu) on Tuesday took out a rally and demonstrated in front of the Raj Bhavan against \"anti-people policies of the Centre and the state government\".Their demands included anti-inflationary measures, protection of natural resources and stringent labour laws. The protesters also said that trade unions should be registered within 45 days and the govrnment should rectify the ILO convention of 1987 and 1998.D D Ramanandan, Citu general secretary, said they had decided to call a two-day all-India strike in February when they met at Talkatora Stadium in New Delhi on December 4.\"We held this demonstration to make next year's strike a success. We couldn't organize a jail bharo campaign because of shortage of space. A similar demonstration took place in Jamshedpur and Sahebganj as well,\" he said.Explaining the centre's future course of action, Ramanandan said there will be a march to Parliament that on December 20 with trade unions from states like Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh joining them.\"The working class across the country is suffering and the government will have to meet our demands. The issue of FDI is also an attack on the working class. The government can't ignore the 43-crore strong working class of the country,\" said Ramanandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17674264", "title": "Indian pleads guilty for role in $13.8 million healthcare fraud", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian physical therapy assistant in the US has pleaded guilty for his role in a $13.8 million healthcare fraud scheme and faces 10 years in prison.Ankit Patel, 28, of Detroit pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit healthcare fraud before US district judge Gerald Rosen of the Eastern District of Michigan.Patel is scheduled to be sentenced in March 2013 and faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.According to court documents, beginning in June 2009 Patel received payments for falsifying medical documentation for Physicians Choice Home Health Care, a home health agency owned by his alleged co-conspirators.Another co-conspirator instructed Patel on how to falsify medical documentation.He also signed therapy revisit notes as a physical therapy assistant for patients he did not see or treat.Patel admitted to knowing that the documents he falsified and the documents he signed would be used to support false claims to federal insurance programme Medicare for home health services.According to Patel's plea agreement, he was also paid to create and sign falsified medical documentation for other Detroit-area home healthcare companies that billed Medicare for approximately a million dollars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17671877", "title": "Biodiversity Special\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 in Ahmedabad for three days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Want to see India up close \u00e2\u20ac\u201dfrom the Nilgiri Thar of the Deccan peninsula to the hottest chili in the world, from sea grasses to the valley of flowers in the Himalayas? Hop on the Science Express. The special mobile exhibition will be in the city for three days, on the last leg of its the six-month journey. The train, called 'Biodiversity Special' has plenty of surprises to keep visitors.Science Express - Biodiversity Special (SEBS) was flagged off from New Delhi's Safdarjung railway station on June 5, World Environment Day, by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and Jayanti Natarajan, union minister of environment and forests. The 16-coach air-conditioned train has covered 18,000 km and 50 stations since then, halted for between two to four days at each stop.Ahmedabad has made a special contribution to this train. A project of the Department of Science and Technology and Union Ministry of Environment and Forests, it chugs along by the efforts of two city-based organizations - Vikram A Sarabhai Community Science Centre (VASCSC) and the Centre for Environment Education (CEE) - along with support of government and non-government agencies.Designed at Gandhinagar, the train will return home on December 22. Ahmedabad will be the last stop with an exhibition for visitors. How has been the journey so far? Dilip Surkar, executive director, VASCSC, said that the fifth phase has been phenomenal. This is not only because of the curiosity it created and records it broke but also by the connect it found with people across length and breadth of the country.\"On an average day, we had 10,000 visitors aboard the train - mostly schoolchildren. It managed to generate a lot of buzz in smaller towns where students were seen taking notes and interacting with the science communicators. We are happy that they took back a spark that will help them connect with nature and understand biodiversity issues,\" said Surkar.The exhibition is open to all. The timings are 10 am to 5 pm. The train is stationed at Parcel Line or old Kalupur railway station, adjoining current platform number 1 at Kalupur. Also camera, bags, mobile phones, matchboxes, cigarette or tobacco, water bottles and any sharp objects are prohibited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17673140", "title": "Local cabbies seek government intervention", "text": "MARGAO: The president of the Federation of Association of Tourist Taxi Owners and Drivers (FATTOD), Seby Fernandes, has sought government intervention for necessary action against Russians who are involved in running taxi businesses in the state. Reacting to a TOI report on December 18, Fernandes said, \"We are very shocked about what we have read (in TOI) and we have been upset with the Russians for a long time as they are affecting our taxi business. As it is, we are not getting any business from Russians.\"\"What happens is that they send in their representatives (agents ) from Russia who speak in English and who take care of the local logistics and make the arrangements for them to operate these vehicles. The government authorities should intervene here and check the activities of these representatives who act as a front for them,\" said Fernandes.When asked to comment on the government's plans to regulate the rates of the local taxis, The All Goa Taxi Union representatives said that they would welcome such a move from the government but called on the government to first stop illegal operators who are affecting the legitimate taxi operators and then think about such implementation of rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671118", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan pacifying saffron camp by setting up SIT to probe irrigation scam: Opposition", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's decision to set up an SIT to probe the alleged Rs 70,000-crore scam in the NCP-controlled water resources department is being seen as an attempt to pacify the saffron combine.Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse said Chavan had done a balancing act by setting up a committee headed by water resources expert Madhav Chitale. On one hand, he had no other option but to set up the panel and on the other, the NCP made it clear to him that he must form a committee that would not harm Ajit Pawar, he said. \"Five PILs have been pending in the HC and in all of them, the allegations are similar. It has been established that there was abuse of power and rampant irregularities in the allotment of contracts. The probe should be monitored by the court, we will approach the judiciary,\" Khadse said.In March when Khadse had said the dismal performance of the water resources department should be probed, Chavan had said his government would come up with a white paper on the irrigation projects' status. After TOI exposed the alleged scam, Ajit Pawar, who controlled the department, quit the cabinet, saying he would not return unless he got a clean chit. In less than three months, he was back after he was given a clean chit in the white paper drafted by his department.Khadse has been demanding a judicial probe or an examination by an SIT that will submit its report to the HC. Chavan reportedly wanted a judicial probe, but the proposal was rejected by the NCP. Finally the Congress and NCP arrived at a compromise and decided to set up an SIT that will take instructions from water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, who is also under the lens for alleged graft. \"The SIT will report to a cabinet member who is under scrutiny,\" Khadse said.Times view : Setting up SIT without too much power puts govt's credibility at stakeThe government does not seem to be too keen to get to the bottom of the alleged multi-crore scam. This is understandable at one level - neither the Congress nor the NCP wants to rock the coalition boat - but it's come at a huge cost; the decision to set up an SIT that apparently does not have too much power has put the credibility of the government at stake. The government may gloss over these issues in the legislature but answering questions in court will be much tougher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17672279", "title": "Aircraft carrier construction to resume soon", "text": "KOCHI: Construction of the indigenous aircraft carrier (IAC) is likely to resume soon at the Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) here, one year after it was floated out, on completion of a significant portion of the outer structure.The vessel will be brought back to the building dock of the CSL early next month for completing the remaining part of the first phase of the project like fitting of gear boxes and diesel alternators, official sources told TOI here.There were problems with the reduction gear box supplied by the Gujarat-based Elecon Engineering . But the new set of gear boxes and diesel alternators have already arrived here.\"Together they weigh about 900 tonnes. Their fitting as well as completion of the remaining work in the first phase would take about a year,\" the sources said.Meanwhile, top officials of the Indian Navy, CSL, and the ministries of defence and shipping had a meeting in New Delhi on November 21 to work out the schedule and cost estimates for completing the remaining part of the IAC construction.Defence minister A K Antony, who chaired the meeting, has reportedly asked a joint panel of these agencies to prepare a roadmap for the delivery of the IAC within a month. Antony has insisted that the new schedule must strictly be adhered to and accountability must be fixed for any further delays.However, defence experts here point out that there are wide differences in the cost estimates of the Navy and CSL and finding a consensus within a short time-frame could prove a tough task. The first phase cost was Rs 1,160 crore, while the second phase cost is yet to be announced.The contract for beginning the second phase of the work could be signed by the Navy and CSL only after a consensus on cost estimates was reached between them.As per the original plan, the IAC was to be inducted into the Navy in 2014-15. But, as per broadly agreed revised schedule, its delivery would take place only in 2016 and the trails would take another two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17672740", "title": "Aam Aadmi Party to target BJP-ruled states of Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh", "text": "RAIPUR: The newly formed political outfit, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), is working on a strategy to expose corruption in Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh\u00e2\u20ac\u201dboth BJP ruled states\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhere the opposition Congress is virtually defunct, its national spokesman Sanjay Singh said on Tuesday.\"In Chhattisgarh, opposition Congress, for all practical purposes, is working as chief minister Raman Singh's 'B' team and its leaders are silent on all issues pertaining to the masses. Everyone in the state knows the reason. In Madhya Pradesh, the grand old party has failed to function as a credible opposition,\" he told TOI during his visit to Raipur.The AAP leader was here to extend support to nearly two lakh striking Shiksha Karmis\u00e2\u20ac\u201dteachers working on honorarium basis in rural schools\u00e2\u20ac\u201d demanding regularization of their services and better wages.He said that apart from corruption, acquisition of land from the farmers for various industrial purposes was a major issue both in Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh, Singh said the farmers in both the states have been protesting against the forcible land acquisition for industrial projects. He alleged that BJP government in both the states has been plundering the state's natural resources to favour the industrial groups.Singh alleged that the Chhattisgarh government has kept the probe report into Bharat Aluminium Company Limited (BALCO) chimney collapse cases under wraps while another case involving Essar Group (which has mining interests in the state) allegedly paying protection money to the Maoists is also lingering on.The BJP government's decision on coal block allocation has also come under the cloud recently after the state handed over a coal block to a firm of BJP leader Ajay Sancheti, who is considered close to BJP President Nitin Gadkari , he added. Claiming that the situation in Madhya Pradesh was also not different, Singh said the people in Chutta village in Mandla district were up in arms against the move to set up a nuclear power plant and the gram sabha had adopted several resolutions opposing the move to set up such a power plant.He said the AAP was totally against setting up of nuclear plants that could risk the lives of people.\"AAP holds the view that no land should be acquired without the willful consent of the farmers,\" he added. Singh, a member of the AAP national political affairs committee, said the law and order situation in Madhya Pradesh headed by Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been dismal with 15,090 rape cases being reported in the last seven years and more than 66 lakh children reportedly malnourished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672906", "title": "Hear us out, say former top cops, to Delhi Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: The shocking gang rape of a 23-year-old in a moving bus has forced the city to once again ask: Is preventive policing working in Delhi? Delhi Police promises to make the city safer for women but a steady increase in the number of rape victims in the capital year after year shows up the gap between what the police says and what it is actually able to do.TOI spoke with a number of former high-ranking police officers who suggested how Delhi Police might do better.First, they said, the lack of a constant police presence allows criminals to commit bolder offences. \"The laws are in place, but it's a question of enforcement and police vigil. Usually, police emphasis is more on bandobast and VIPs. So day-to-day policing takes a backseat,\" said former DGP of Assam Prakash Singh.Public participation in policing is another feature that is often ignored, said the former officers. \"There is a conspicuous lack of a police and community crime prevention plan. Members of the community have to be a part of policing, both at the local and the city level,\" said Kiran Bedi, former director general of the Bureau of Police Research and Development.She added, \"There are thousands of men and women trained in civil defence. They should be called in to help, which comes under the purview of the Delhi chief minister. The citizens' warden scheme and the citizens' voluntary force have long become defunct. The good practices that the police used to follow are no longer adhered to. Resources are just not mobilised.\"The former officers added that Delhi Police personnel are not adequately sensitised on how to handle victims of rape and sexual harassment. \"How an investigation is conducted needs to change, both in terms of evidence gathering and the treatment of victims. Training needs to be upgraded and police have to understand victims need sensitive treatment,\" said former Delhi Police commissioner Ajai Raj Sharma.Every year, Delhi Police holds a press conference in which crime statistics are juggled to make the police look good. But perception-based audits, which throw up a clearer picture, are rare. \"There is an unmistakable, gradually diminishing fear of being caught, imprisoned, and convicted for a crime committed. Criminals probably think they can rape a woman and get away with it,\" said Singh.Bedi added, \"Police officers need to welcome women making complaints. And even if the accused is given bail, it needs to be conditional \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the accused should be made to report weekly to the police station. Otherwise the complainant ends up getting harassed. Women cops are not properly deployed in Delhi. The beat box system (local complaint cells in colonies) has almost vanished.\"The former cops argued that knee-jerk reactions to only \"bigger\" crimes do not make for effective policing. \"The police are indifferent to petty crime. Proper action is not taken against eve-teasing, when it should be treated as a major crime. Tackling crimes at a lower level will reduce bigger crimes,\" said Sharma.After the police do their job, the former cops said, the courts too need to judge cases faster. \"Sessions trials have to be fast-tracked. In Delhi, rape cases drag on for years and despite the high court asking for quick trials, there is a huge backlog to get through. Even the Dhaula Kuan case from two years ago has not yet been decided, and that was supposed to be a sensational case. Another problem is poor forensic support. DNA evidence is key in such cases and reports should be handed over to the police within a month, but that does not happen,\" said former Delhi police commissioner BK Gupta. Sharma added, \"When these cases are taken up for prosecution quickly and the accused convicted, that acts as a deterrent for future criminals.\"Sharma asked for a return of \"kanoon ka iqbaal\" or a fear of the police. But he added that fingers cannot be pointed only at the police. \"There has to be the will all around to stop crimes like these. The police alone cannot do that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670602", "title": "Firms pick up 60% IITians in first phase", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 60% students from the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay have already been picked up in the first phase of the placement season that ended on Tuesday. Around 230 companies came to the campus during the first phase. Though the institute is yet to compute the average data of offers made to the students, pupils claim that the average annual package has not crossed Rs 10 lakh.Of the 1,350 students registered for the placements, around 850 received offers by the end of the phase According to the figures quoted by an official, the numbers of students placed after the first phase was slightly more than what it was last year. Avijit Chatterjee, professor in-charge of placements, said, \"This year, there were no public sector companies visiting the campus. We plan to target 100 more companies in the second phase, which will start from January 7 till the rest of the academic year.\" The second phase will be a continuous process.In the first phase, Sriram Bhargav, a computer science and engineering student, reportedly bagged the highest annual pay package worth $1,50,000 for placement in Samsung US/Korea. Major companies such as Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Samsung US/Korea visited the campus on the first day of the placements. Indian companies like L&T;, Tatas, Reliance and Directi were also seen hiring from the premier institute. This year, Twitter and LinkedIn made their debut at the Powai campus. Several companies gave stock options to students if they stay for two years.According to Chatterjee, students from the computer science and engineering and electrical engineering are placed faster. \"Students from other faculties take more time. Also, there are major firms who hire in the core engineering sector that will visit the campus in the second phase,\" said Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672200", "title": "Mopidevi gets bail to visit Sabarimala", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge U Durga Prasada Rao of the CBI court on Tuesday granted a ten-day interim bail to former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao so that he can visit Sabarimala as part of his annual deeksha. The former minister was arrested in May this year in the Vanpic episode of the disproportionate assets case pertaining to YSRC chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy and is currently lodged in Chanchalguda jail. The former minister has been granted the interim bail from December 24 to January 2.As the trial in the case has not yet begun, the judge said there are no compelling circumstances calling for the immediate presence of Mopidevi and hence, decided to let him go to Sabarimala particularly in view of the claim made by Mopidevi that he has been performing this annual deeksha for the last 20 years. Following the apprehensions of the CBI that is investigating the case that the former minister may tamper with evidence, the judge directed Mopidevi not to indulge in any such acts. A CBI constable will accompany the accused and the cost of the pilgrimage must be borne by the Mopidevi himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17673247", "title": "SAG inspection of sports ground irks Verna locals", "text": "MARGAO: Verna panchayat and locals are upset that the sports authority of Goa (SAG) conducted an inspection of the Verna sports ground without due intimation to the panchayat, stressing that they have their own development plans for the 36,000 sq m ground .It maybe recalled that at the last 'extra ordinary' gram sabha at Verna on November 25, held specifically to discuss the issue, the village panchayat of Verna had reversed a resolution taken by the previous panchayat body of handing over the Verna football ground to SAG for facilitating its development.The panchayat has, instead, decided to seek help of the government through local MLA Fransisco 'Mickky' Pacheco in developing the ground with all modern amenities while retaining possession of the land with itself.\"We are going to prepare a development plan for the sports ground which will be submitted before the gram sabha members for their approval and suggestions first and only after that we will take our development plans forward,\" said sarpanch Lourena Gama, who was deeply upset that the SAG carried out the inspection without her consent.Villagers have vowed to take up the issue with SAG itself directly to clear the matter.Resident Casmiro Dias explained that the issue is sensitive and pointed out there was a meeting with the SAG on September 29 before the November gram sabha but had not received any communication from SAG since then.\"The SAG should not be going forward with their plans to develop the ground as this goes against our gram sabha resolutions,\" added Dias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17672069", "title": "Source of salvation languishing in neglect", "text": "VARANASI: Of the two rivers to which the city owes its name\u00e2\u20ac\u201dVaruna and Asi\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhile the latter has already vanished, the former too is facing threat from all corners. Although Varuna gets some attention of the authorities occasionally, the Asi, has converted from a stream of fresh water into a drain of waste.Minister of state for Public Works Department and Irrigation Surendra Patel at a meeting of officials on Monday instructed not to allow construction of new buildings on either bank of Varuna.The officials were also asked to ensure that no encroachment takes place on the banks of the river. But the fact is that the Varuna like Asi is also being encroached upon. Besides, it receives ill-treatment vide discharge of wastewater and sewage.Even the detailed project report of Varanasi Development Authority ( VDA) for development of navigation in river Varuna reveals that the river is currently the core disposal body of 65% of drainage of the districts. Sustainability of this river and its morphology is critical to the survival of the city. In course of time haphazard urban development coupled with lack of understanding of the water management cycle has put the temple town to tremendous risk.A number of industrial and commercial units have been found located near the river banks. Some people living near the river are encroaching the river bank. Migrants make their houses there, while some encroach the land nearby for agriculture use. The sewers opening into the river are polluting its water. Thus an unhygienic condition is created which helps breed harmful insects and bacteria causing spread of diseases.At some locations, islands have formed due to accumulation of waste from drains flowing into the river. As the river enters the city its flow depletes and quality of water becomes poor. Because of unplanned and unauthorised development along the banks, the condition of the river itself has deteriorated considerably. Both Varuna and Asi rivers have mythological importance. According to the district gazetteer, the southern boundary of the city is the small Asi nala and from the confluence of this stream with the Ganga begins the long succession of ghats and temples.The story goes that Goddess Durga after achieving victory over demons Suma (Shumbha) and Nisuma (Nishumbha) rested at the Durga Kund where her sword fell and carved out the channel of the Asi. It came to be believed that the stream is blessed by the goddess with the gift of taking away sins of those who cross it into Kashi.The Asi Ghat is situated at the confluence of Ganga and Asi rivers, where pilgrims take holy bath. It was at the Asi Ghat where famous poet saint Tulsi Das wrote the Ramcharitmanas. There are numerous references of Asi Ghat in early literature of the Hindus, such as in Matsya purana, Agni purana, Kurma purana, Padma purana and Kashi khanda.Varuna originates from Melhum at Phulpur in Allahabad district and joins Ganga at Sarai Mohana. Once known for serene environment and fresh streams of water, the banks of Varuna turned into one of the dirtiest locations in the city with polluted water.Description of Varuna can be found in Buddhist Jatak tales, Mahabharat too. As per Vaman Puran, Varuna and Asi are the two rivers set by Gods and the holy land between them is Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675332", "title": "Karthi is a 'Bad Boy'", "text": "KE Gnanavel Raja of Studio Green production house has kick started the promotions for his next production venture 'Alex Pandian' starring Karthi and Anushka with a bang. One of the songs from the film 'I'm a Bad Boy' was premiered on Sun Music channel.The song is expected to be a mass hit as Karthi does a Gangnam style dance towards the end of the song. Looks like the Gagnam style not only caught up among the cricket fans after the T20 world cup but also among the film makers.Alex Pandian is an action masala entertainer directed by Suraj and Santhanam plays a pivotal supporting role. Devi Sri Prasad composed the music. The film is scheduled to release for Pongal 2013.Usually a song is premiered on television only a few days after the theatrical release of the film itself, but with this 'Alex Pandian' has broken the rule and others are sure to follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672238", "title": "Fist of fury: Many Osmania University teachers quit to protest attack", "text": "HYDERABAD: At least 100 teachers at Osmania University (OU) resigned from their administrative posts a day after a student slapped a mass communication and journalism professor over a PhD admission row and roughed up more teachers on Tuesday, the latest in a series of unrest hitting the roiled campus.The OU administration lodged a police complaint bowing to criticism from the faculty, who had decided to take out a rally. Minutes later, the OU police station received a counter complaint from a student alleging discrimination on backward caste students by the professor.Faculty member Prof Karnam Narender was slapped in the vice chancellor's chambers on Monday for not vetting clandestine admission of one prospective PhD student.The OU administration has been drawing flak over the ongoing PhD admissions as allegations of senior officials influencing the admission process in favour of certain students surfaced in the recent past.Around 300 members of the Osmania University Teachers Association (OUTA) took out a protest rally from Arts College to the V-C's office condemning the attack on Prof Narender, but the rally was obstructed by students belonging to the Madiga Students Federation, who say they fight for the rights of backward caste students.They roughed up some teachers, snatched a banner they were carrying and abused them. Refusing to budge, the teachers surged ahead and gathered at the senate hall of the administrative building for a meeting.OU professors demand judicial probeDemanding prompt action against those involved and rustication of the student who slapped the professor, deans, head of departments and coordinators of various academic programmes resigned from their positions and announced that they will not discharge their administrative duties until the PhD admission issue is resolved. They said they would continue to take classes under protest but demanded a judicial inquiry into the issue. Disturbed faculty claimed that ineligible students were blackmailing administration and teachers in the name of caste to get PhD admissions against the rule book and all the 54 departments were facing the same problem.\"We want the university to conduct judicial inquiry by a retired judge to find out any irregularities as alleged by the students,\" said B Satyanarayana, president, OUTA. The teachers became angry since the vice chancellor S Satyanarayana asked the professor to lodge a complaint when the incident happened in his chamber on Monday. \"Even if I make calls when some students seek admission, the professors will go ahead according to the rules,\" Satyanarayana told TOI.The protesting teachers said that as per rules, first preference for PhD admissions is given to JRF pass outs followed by NET qualified candidates. Those from the SET are the next in line. For the left out seats, university conduct's an entrance test. Another professor requesting anonymity said that a strict procedure is followed in the PhD admissions but the university administration itself is involved in recommending candidates against the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671185", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Cops got first clue from CCTV of hotel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Munirka gang-rape accused were on a holiday 'joyride' in the bus on Sunday night. They drank and feasted on chicken inside the vehicle, and even robbed a 'passenger' of Rs 7,000 and his mobile before setting eyes on the victim couple, police said after piecing together the sequence of events.Cops arrested a fourth accused from Rajasthan late on Monday night. Now, just two others are yet to be nabbed. Police said the victim, along with her male companion, had put up a brave fight against the rapists but was overpowered.Among the accused are the driver and cleaner of the bus that ferried children to a south Delhi school. Sometimes, they also did duty for a school in Noida and also ferried office-goers. Ram Singh, the main accused, had washed the bus and was taking office-goers on Monday morning when his employer, Dinesh Yadav, was asked to call him back to R K Puram with the bus. It was here that he was apprehended in the afternoon.Recreating the chain of events, police said the men, after eating and drinking, picked up a 'passenger', Ramadhir Singh, from sector 4 in RK Puram around 8.15pm. They robbed him within minutes and dumped him at Hauz Khas.The men then reached Munirka and picked up the 23-year-old physiotherapist and her friend. The accused not only allegedly raped the girl but also performed unnatural sex on her.Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar said they will seek a fast-track trial of the case and approach the government for death penalty in such rape cases. He was also in favour of adding Section 307 (attempt to murder) in the case.The accused have been identified as Ram Singh (33), resident of Ravidas Camp at Sector 3, R K Puram (driver of the bus, DL1PB-0149), his brother Mukesh, 24, (who was driving during the gang rape), Vinay Sharma, 20, (an assistant gym instructor in the area), Pawan Gupta, 18, (fruit seller), Akshay Thakur, 26, (bus cleaner) and another cleaner, Raju, 25. Ram, Vijay and Pawan were arrested from south Delhi while Mukesh was arrested from Rajasthan. Akshay and Raju, residents of Aurangabad in Bihar are still absconding.However, sources claimed there was a seventh accused in the bus. In fact, police told metropolitan magistrate Namrita Aggarwal, while taking police custody of Ram Singh for five days, that \"three persons\" were still absconding. During the hearing, Ram Singh refused to undergo a test identification parade (TIP). While seeking custody, cops told the court that they would have to take the accused to Bihar, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, as well as recover the clothes and mobile phones of the victims. Officials said Ram Singh has been found involved in an accident case earlier as well.The commissioner said the police got the first clue while checking the CCTV footage of a hotel in Munirka, which showed the white bus with 'Yadav' written on it. The bus's front left wheel did not have a cover. The victim's male friend, a former engineer at an IT firm, had also informed the cops that the bus had yellow curtains.\"We contacted bus body builders and transporters of Delhi and NCR and asked about a Yadav transporter. We took a list of 370 such buses which run on chartered routes from the transport department. We zeroed in one Yadav transporter who gave us the name and address of another Yadav transport company in Noida. This man said he recognized the bus from the \"school bus\" stencilled on it. The owner of the transport company, Dinesh Yadav, himself then suggested that his men (driver and cleaner) could be involved in the act,\" said Kumar.The transport company of Dinesh Yadav is located in Rohilla Khurd in Noida and he provides buses to schools and also private offices after the school hours.Giving details about Sunday night, commissioner Kumar said, \"Ram Singh, who was not driving that night, called out loudly at the Munirka bus stand that the bus was going to Palam More and Dwarka. He asked the couple to get in. Mukesh was driving the bus. It was around 9.15pm when the couple boarded the bus thinking it was a public carrier.\"\"As the bus crossed Vasant Gaon and turned towards Mahipalpur, three men, who were seated in the driver's cabin came to the couple and started misbehaving. When the male friend resisted, they started beating him up with an iron rod,\" said Kumar.\"Meanwhile, the woman tried to save her friend but she was held by two men. They dragged her to the rear of the bus, where she was brutally raped,\" he said, adding that the sexual assault carried on for nearly 40 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671381", "title": "Mulayam-Cong showdown on quota bill today", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Tuesday afternoon, after Left and Trinamool MPs had forced an adjournment, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav basked in the rare role of arbiter in the midst of an animated argument on the merits of a bill to amend banking laws.Tempers ran high as some of the tension between the government and the opposition boiled over with CPI veteran Gurudas Dasgupta's hackles rising over parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath's forceful manner.An agitated Dasgupta reminded Nath about his seniority as an MP and a miffed Nath looked the other way. A little later, Mulayam suggested the two Lok Sabha \"seniors\" use the break in proceedings to step outside the House and resolve their differences amicably.The gambit worked and soon the House began to function. Mulayam had reasons to feel satisfied with his intervention, a diplomatic touch the one-time wrestler is not always known for. But then, the SP chief was taking a break -- saving SP's lung power for Wednesday when the bill on quota in promotions is to be taken up.Till late on Tuesday evening, the government had not succeeded in persuading Mulayam to drop his opposition to the bill but is preparing to nonetheless introduce it in Lok Sabha where the SP crew can be expected to provide it a noisy reception.\"The bill is likely to come up in Lok Sabha on Wednesday,\" sources said, while cautioning that a final decision will be taken keeping in view all variables, including the SP chief's viewpoint.Rajya Sabha will adjourn sine die on Wednesday but the lower House will function till Thursday as the government hopes to secure passage of the quota in promotions bill. The companies bill was taken up on Tuesday evening.The ruling coalition is finding it hard to convince Mulayam to give up his obstructionist tactics and may seek a discussion despite a likely SP blockade. Rajya Sabha too had seen repeated adjournments till Mulayam finally relented last week.Sources said Mulayam has adopted a more rigid approach in Lok Sabha as SP's 22 MPs give him a much larger clout and he can also depend on 11 Shiv Sena MPs to add to the lung power. The 21 BSP MPs can also be expected to put on a counter show in support of the bill.It is felt that SP has raised the stakes for itself by campaigning against the bill in Uttar Pradesh. The perception - post the bill being passed by Rajya Sabha - that SP had caved in and rival Mayawati won the battle left Mulayam smarting.Senior ministers like Jairam Ramesh and Nath did their best to try and convince Mulayam and other leaders like BJP's Rajnath Singh and Dasgupta about the merits of the banking and land acquisition bills but the going was clearly not easy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17672000", "title": "Youth caught with country-made gun", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Nadiad Special Operations Group (SOG) arrested a youth for possessing a country-made gun from a bus stand.According to SOG officials, a team led by inspector MJ Christian was on a checking drive at old and new bus stands on Tuesday. At that time, the team members spotted a youth with suspicious movements. When he was checked, police found a country-made gun of .65 mm caliber worth Rs 10,000 and two cartridges from his bag. He was then rounded up from the spot for further questioning.\"The youth was identified as Rakesh Jadhav, a resident of Chittekhan ni gali, Gendi Gate, Mandvi, Vadodara. He stated that he was from Ratnagiri in Maharashtra and had procured the gun in Madhya Pradesh. We are yet to know who was to get the delivery of the weapon. The gun has been fine-crafted and has the look of an imported weapon,\" said Christian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671586", "title": "NCP, NMC, cops cock a snook at HC directive", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body is continuing to blatantly ignore high court directives. Within 24 hours of assuring the high court that it would not allow illegal structures or hoardings, Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Dharampeth zone turned a blind eye when an illegal stage and hoardings came up near the busy Laxmi Bhawan Square.The Nationalist Congress Party's youth wing put up illegal hoardings at the traffic signals on Laxmi Bhavan Square and erected a big stage near Gokulpeth market on Monday night. They hosted a function attended by state home minister RR Patil and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh on Tuesday evening.MLAs Laxmanrao Dhoble, Sachin Aher, Jitendra Awhad and others also attended the 'youth fest' by the NCP youth wing.The stage erected for the function was in the middle of the road near Gokulpeth market. No permission had been sought from Dharampeth zone, which is a stone's throw away from the venue. Office-bearers of the party admitted they had not obtained any permission but 'clarified' that their programme did not affect traffic movement on the road.When TOI brought the brazen violation of HC directives to the notice of Dharampeth zone assistant municipal commissioner Rajesh Karade, he said the zone had not given any permission to erect the stage. \"No permission has been granted to erect hoardings at traffic signals too,\" he said. Karade assured to remove the same within hours.Even social activist Dinesh Naidu, who filed a petition through his NGO Parivartan in the high court in this regard on Tuesday, brought this to the notice of Karade.Naidu has also submitted a written complaint to Karade and informed him that allowing the stage to remain is a contempt of HC directives. He also appealed to Karade to immediately remove such illegal hoardings and stage, and also take suitable action as directed by the court against persons and organizations defacing the city. Sources claimed that Karade did not act due to 'political pressure'.Lawyer Firdos Mirza too said it is a brazen violation of HC directives. He pointed out that as per HC observation, no permission, even for temporary structure, should be accorded by authorities empowered under NMC act or Bombay Police Act for pandals, welcome gates, arches, stages of temporary nature or otherwise, causing or likely to cause obstruction, disruption or to adversely affect free flow of traffic or otherwise on any public streets within NMC limits.\"Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and police commissioner KK Pathak should take note of this and initiate action against concerned NMC officers and police station inspector for ignoring HC directives,\" he added.Additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar expressed concern over the zone officer's negligent attitude. \"I will seek an explanation from Karade and if we find anything wrong, we will ask the civic chief to initiate action against him,\" said Pawar.Naidu said the police and civic administration do not appear to care for the court's order. \"This attitude is the final nail in the coffin of all PILs, RTIs and all social workers trying to change society for the better,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671791", "title": "Security clause inserted in Asean trade pact", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is not taking any chances with security and is seeking a specific \"exception\" clause in the agreement on services and investment with the Asean members, while staring at a prospect of having three sets of terms to deal with concerns raised by the Philippines and Indonesia.Sources privy to the negotiations told TOI that India wants an explicit \"security exception\" built into the agreement to block companies or individuals from using the services agreement to gain entry into India. Although, the WTO agreements provide member countries the right to restrict trade due to national security and environmental reasons, the government is keen that the treaty provides it clearly to avoid any confusion in the future. In fact, many see it as a precursor to similar clauses being inserted in several international agreements that are currently under negotiation.In case of Asean services agreement that has been under discussion for years, India will make one offer to eight members of the Asean group, with separate offers to the Philippines and Indonesia. With an eye on expanding its IT presence in the region India is seeking full access for contractual service suppliers or employees of companies that do not actually have offices or commercial presence. But, it is facing resistance on allowing executive below the level of directors and specialists, said a source familiar with the talks.In the Philippines there are concerns over the easier entry of Indian companies as it has emerged as a BPO hub in its own rights.Officials on both sides said that the issues are expected to be resolved by Wednesday with negotiators in the final stages of concluding an agreement. \"The matter of services agreement is a continuing discussion. We are hopeful we can conclude this particular agreement. There's no blocking, there is only continuing discussion in this matter. I am optimistic it will be concluded very soon,\" Philippines vice president Jejomar Binay told TOI in an exclusive conversation. Responding to question on concerns of Philippines' industry, he said, \"Despite this, there are 17 of your top 20 IT companies and BPOs already operating in Philippines. There are concerns on some other business aspects, not on IT and BPOs.\"Commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma said the deal will help tap the enormous potential for the trade to grow and the two sides are committed to bring the negotiations to a closure. \"We will definitely conclude it and we are duty bound to report to the heads of states and heads of the governments who shall formally make the declaration on Thursday,\" he said.Cambodian commerce minister Cham Prasidh was more forthcoming, saying, \"We may be able to give you a good news tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671804", "title": "Negligent evaluation: HC seeks VC's reply", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court's bench here has slammed Nagpur University for callous and negligent evaluation of papers. A division bench comprising Justices Bhushan Gavai and Ashok Bhangale has asked vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal to file a detailed reply by 10.30am on Wednesday on what it intends to do - whether to conduct re-examination or re-reassess answer sheets of all aggrieved engineering students.After reviewing the report of an independent committee constituted to verify the claims of students, the judges were upset on how the NU can have such a lax attitude towards their future. The report has shown remarkable improvement in marks in all the eight answer books, with the difference touching as high as 29 marks. The court rebuked NU and wondered about the evaluators' competency.NU tried hard to justify increase in marks by attributing it to individual assessment opinion. But the court held that, \"A change of one or two marks in a couple of answer books can be ignored and treated as an isolated incidence. But such major differences can't be.\"When NU counsel Tejaswini Khade tried to convince the bench against favouring students citing the Supreme Court's directives for minimum interference in academic matters, the judges reprimanded it, stating that \"but the erroneous evaluation is too blatant and obvious to be ignored\". They speculated as to whether the evaluators just sat and marked no change without due prudence. The judges rejected NU's demand for non-interference of judiciary remarking that, \"Such blatant mistakes can't be ignored\". They, in fact, warned NU of drastic action if appropriate steps were not taken.The court has also proposed re-examination of these students. This was the third hearing in the case which was initiated by aggrieved students who had alleged negligent evaluation. NU had received over 6,000 complaints of undervaluation and discrepancies in the totalling of marks from students in the summer examination. Even the judges found from the answer sheets that right answers were not marked accordingly, which resulted in students losing a precious academic year as they were not allowed to appear for the winter examination.TOI had been tracking this issue since beginning and first reported about NU controller of examinations (CoE) receiving these number of complaints in its November 8 edition.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671878", "title": "Local trees are passe, Kolkatans want snowflakes", "text": "KOLKATA: Snowflakes, Taiwan bushes and China pines have taken over Kolkata. They are green, brightly decorated with mistletoes, balls, bells and are ready to rule this Christmas. And most have been imported from south-east Asia.Unlike previous years when the locally produced Christmas trees would dominate, the foreign varieties are hot favourites this time, despite being more expensive. A snowflake is a Christmas tree with snow dripping from its branches. It comes in sizes ranging from 2 to 5 feet. A 5-foot snowflake would cost you Rs 2,500 at New Market. A plain pine is cheaper at Rs 2,000 for a 6-foot tree. A Taiwan bush could be yours for Rs 1,000. The Chinese variety comes at half the price. An 8-foot tree costs Rs 1,000.\"The imported trees have arrived in large numbers. Being better looking, customers are preferring them,\" said Abdul Kalam, owner of a Christmas gift stall at New Market. Local varieties produced by craftsmen from Bihar have taken a beating. \"They have been slow off the shelves, for the imported ones obviously look smarter,\" added Kalam. A 5-foot locally-crafted Christmas tree is selling at Rs 700.Locally made Christmas trees won't survive long, for the trade is no longer feasible, says Abdul Ghani Khan, a salesman at New Market. Craftsmen have to be brought from Bihar a month before Christmas. Manufacturing units pay for their food and lodging in Kolkata.\"It's become an expensive proposition, for sales have dropped and labour charges have shot up. Previously, trees, Santa Clauses and other gift items would start selling by the first week of December. This time, sales are yet to pick up and Christmas is just about a week away. Soon, we shall have to depend on just the imported varieties,\" said Ghani Khan.Tastes have changed, contributing to a sharp decline in sales of Christmas decorations, said Mohammed Shamim, a gift stall-owner at New Market. \"Christmas trees are no longer favourites with children as they used to be 20 years ago. Plus, buyers are far more finicky about the look of a tree now,\" said Shamim.Competition from malls has made business even slower at traditional gift markets like Free School Street, Entally Market and New Market. \"People go on a shopping spree at this time of the year and naturally pick up Christmas decorations at malls where they tend to shop more often. We, on the other hand, have been left to deal with higher costs of business. Next year, we could well be moving to a mall,\" said Kalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17672709", "title": "House surgeons seek more stipend, threaten agitation", "text": "CUTTACK: House surgeons, working in all the three government medical college and hospitals, have urged the state government to hike their monthly stipend. The All Odisha House Surgeons' Association has demanded increasing the stipend from Rs 13,325 to Rs 25,000 retrospectively with effect from January, 2012.President of SCB Medical College and Hospital unit Siddartha Pattanayak said governments of West Bengal and Tamil Nadu have put in place mechanisms for revision of stipend amount on annual basis. But this has not been followed in Odisha. \"The house surgeons of neighbouring states like West Bengal are getting a stipend of Rs 24,741. On the same lines, our stipend should also be hiked. We have already submitted memorandum to the state government in this regard,\" said Pattanayak. The last hike was effected in March, 2011.\"Our demand is justified as the house surgeons perform core jobs of hospitals. They are the ones who handle the bulk of patient inflow in the OPD and are in charge of emergency and night duties. But we are not being paid commensurately,\" said Alok Sahoo, member of the association. The body has threatened agitation by all the 450 house surgeons at SCB (Cuttack), MKCG Medical College and Hospital (Berhampur) and VSS Medical College and Hospital (Burla) if their demand is not fulfilled within one month.\"We have informed the director of medical education and training and the health secretary about our demand and will patiently wait for about one month. But if they fail to take appropriate steps within the stipulated time period then we will go on strike,\" said Pattanayak.Defending the stipend hike demand, the association said price rise has pinched them too. \"We are facing a lot of difficulty in managing our expenses with the meagrestipend of Rs 13,325. The state government should understand our problem and revise the stipend annually,\" added Pattanayak. The association members said they will meet health minister Damodar Rout and chief minister Naveen Patnaik personally to press for their demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17672671", "title": "Odisha protests slash in railway budget", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Tuesday lodged a strong protest with the railways for repeatedly slashing funds allotted for different projects in the state.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik once again shot a letter to railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal questioning the Centre's action, while the ruling BJD held a series of demonstrations. \"I strongly protest against this unilateral reduction in the budget for Odisha for the third time during this year itself,\" the chief minister said in his letter. \"This will greatly hamper the process of improving the rail connectivity in Odisha and lead to abnormal delay in the completion of railway projects,\" he added. \"When Odisha contributes revenue of more than Rs 7,500 crore annually to the Indian Railways, it is a matter of regret that Rs 280 crore has been reduced out of the paltry budgetary allocation of Rs 723 crore,\" the chief minister's letter said.The railways, which is always accused of being apathetic towards Odisha in sanction of projects and allocation of funds for improvement of rail network, budgeted only Rs 723 crore for different projects in the state this year against the demand of Rs 2,345 crore.As if to add insult to injury, the railway ministry starting from June began reducing funds already budgeted for various projects. First Rs 186 crore was reduced, followed by Rs 34 crore in September. In its latest move, Rs 60 crore more has been cut down, provoking the current agitation. This included Rs 15 crore (Rs two crore reduced earlier) deducted from out of Rs 30 crore sanctioned for the Talcher-Bimalagarh project, Rs 30 crore (Rs 4 crore deducted earlier) from Rs 40 crore originally sanctioned for doubling of the Sambalpur-Talcher line and Rs 15 crore (Rs two crore deducted earlier) from Rs 40 crore sanctioned for the Khurda-Balangir project. The Khurda-Balangir rail project was scheduled to be completed up to Begunia by March and Nayagarh by December next year.The BJD raised the issue in the Assembly also. Party members rushed to the well of the House and protested. The members also sat on dharna in front of the Gandhi statue to ventilate their feelings over the issue, while BJD supporters held demonstrations before the ECoR and railway establishment at Mancheswar. \"It is surprising that the chief minister is only writing letters. This will never solve the problems. As head of the state he needs to meet the railway minister, discuss and place the state's demands,\" BJP leader K V Singhdeo said.Meanwhile, former Lok Sabha member Bhabani Shankar Hota in a separate letter to the railway minister has condemned the reduction in budgetary funds for Odisha. \"The anti-Odisha attitude of the railway ministry is highly condemnable,\" Hota said and demanded the railway minister to forthwith meet the state's demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672910", "title": "115 encroachers challaned in Sec 22", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As many as 115 challans were issued in Sector 22 against encroachers on Tuesday. The enforcement wing of the MC seized goods kept in the illegal structures. On Monday, the anti-encroachment drive was carried out in Attawa, sectors 35, 40, 41 and 42. Around 105 challans were issued against the violators.It took four hours to bring down the encroachments in sectors 22 A,B,C&D; on Tuesday. The drive started in the morning around 11.30 and continued till 3.30pm. Interesting, out of the 115 challans, 40 were issued against violators in Shastri market. The goods seized during the drive included readymade garments, cylinders, rehris and utensils.Vanita Ghai, a resident of Sector 22, said that every time she went to the market, the pathway is covered by encroachers and it is difficult to tread on it. \"There used to be small encroachments earlier but with time, these had grown manifold,\" added Navneet Puri of Sector 35.O P Jindal, a resident of Sector 20, pointed out that Sector 22 is the commercial hub of the city and it attracts the encroachers. MC should sustain its drive and ensure encroachers don't come back. \"It's good that MC had taken such a stern step. It is important that markets are encroachment-free,\" added Rajesh Malhotra of Sector 19.Kashmira Singh, incharge of enforcement wing MC, said the civic body was flooded with complaints of encroachments. Therefore, stiff measures were taken to nail the violators, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674744", "title": "Salman Yusuff Khan narrowly escapes serious injury", "text": "Choreographer-turned-director Remo d'Souza who was a horrified first-hand witness to dancer-turned-actor Salman Yusuff Khan's potentially fatal plunge on Sunday evening at an awards function in Mumbai from a reported height of around 30 feet, says the accident could have been avoided.Hesitant to talk and quite understandably shaken Remo said, \"Salman's fall was a nightmare. Prabhu and I were on stage watching him when it happened. Yes, he could've easily died. The accident could've been avoided. The plank on which Salman was perched to make his entry was weak during rehearsals. We had pointed this out to the relevant persons (whom I don't want to name). They changed the plank. But it was not strong enough.\"The horror at watching the leading man of his directorial venture ABCD(Any Body Can Dance) plunge to the ground from a spiralling height was aggravated by the fact that Remo and Prabhu Deva had to proceed with their act rather than rush to the hospital with Salman.Recalling the catastrophic event Remo said, \"Like they say, the show must go on. Prabhu Deva and I proceeded with our act even after the accident. We could obviously not give the best of ourselves, as you will see when the show is telecast. Our heart was just not in it.\"Significantly Remo says Salman has gone through quite a number of near misses while dancing. \"He is very accident-prone. He had potentially serious accidents on the dance reality-shows Dance India Dance and Jhalak Dikhlaa Jaa . I was a judge, so I saw Salman going through these near-misses. But this, on Sunday night, one was live on a stage where thousands of people were watching him. Luckily he escaped. Nothing was broken. Salman is now home in Bangalore with his family, recovering.\"Remo hopes and prays the footage of Salman Yusuff Khan's plunge won't be telecast. \"It's not something that can be considered a part of entertainment by any stretch of the imagination,\" says Remo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17671979", "title": "'Mega lok adalats helped reduce pendency by 20%'", "text": "JABALPUR: Mega lok adalat \"projects the more humane side of law where judges play the role of arbitrators counselor and mediators to the litigants unlike the distant persona they seem like in formal court rooms, feels administrative judge of MP high court and chairperson of MP state legal services authority Justice Krishan Kant Lahoti. The success of theme this year has surpassed all expectations. In fact thousands, he said, had to go back disappointed as lok adalat's jurisdiction is confined to compoundable offences as described under the civil procedure code and their cases did not fit this criterion\". Justice Lahoti spoke to Manjari Mishra of TOI1: What would you term as the most significant achievement of mega lok adalat 2012?A dramatic drop in the courts pendency within 24 hours. On December 14 the total number of cases pending before courts was approximately 12.50 lakh. On December 15, after disposal of 27,66,506 cases it came down by about 20%. This was extremely heartening.2: How does Madhya Pradesh's record compare vis-a-vis other states?MP heads the list. The mega lok adalat this year in fact bettered its own record set the last year. One can observe the spiraling graph each year. In 2010 the number of cases disposed off was 6.17 lakh in 2011 it doubled with 13.57 lakh cases and this year the figure reached the 27,66,506 mark.,3: What would you attribute the phenomenon to?Peoples' quest for speedy justice, and unflinching faith in the efficacy of our legal system. Then the heightened awareness over the issue has also helped. Media has played a most encouraging role by spreading information and educating people, here.4: What kind of litigants flocked the courts for instant justice? Could you specify the poor /rich ratio?I would put it at 70:30. 70% litigants belonged to the underprivileged segment and the rest 30% were affluent in comparison. The later had come for sorting out the cheque bounce cases totaling 16,573 cases and taxation matters etc. In cheque bounce cases Rs 103 cores were disbursed on the spot. Banks also proved to be a major beneficiary.5: Which were matters which notched the highest number of disposals?Matters relating to local bodies, electricity, education, revenue, bank and cooperatives to name a few. Interestingly we had long queue of students coming up for delayed scholarships or those who had not received the promised cycles under the government scheme. In fact we may even expand the ambit next time and cover a few more government departments.6: Any proposal for holding more than one mega lok adalats looking to the success each year?We may consider it in future, there is a distinct possibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671987", "title": "Outraged MPs demand death for rapists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament voiced shock and anguish over the barbaric gang rape of a physiotherapist inside a moving bus in Delhi with many MPs demanding capital punishment for the accused and filing of murder charge against perpetrators of such heinous crimes.The outrage over the incident across the nation forced the government to promise steps to ensure safety of women besides fast-tracking the trial and action if lapses are found on the part of the police.Both Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha saw MPs cutting across party line raising concern over repeated incidents of rape in the capital, whose law and order comes directly under the Union home ministry. Speaker Meira Kumar called it a \"shameful\" incident. She met officials of Safdarjung Hospital, where the victim is being treated, and said that Lok Sabha would bear the costs of the treatment.There was uproar in both Houses with the Opposition led by BJP demanded postponement of the question hour to discuss the issue. Reacting to the MPs' concern, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said he agreed with the members' views and promised to take steps to ensure safety of women in Delhi, including increased police patrolling.Shinde said a special task force headed by the home secretary will be constituted to look into suggestions made by members in this regard.In the Rajya Sabha actor-turned politician Jaya Bachchan said, \"The question hour is adjourned on political issues, not when it comes to women's issues.\" She was supported by other MPs which led to adjournment of the question hour in RS.BJP's Ram Jethmalani demanded the removal of Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar, using language which was later expunged by the chair. The MP has been at loggerheads with the current police commissioner for some time now. In the Lok Sabha, leader of Opposition Sushma Swaraj demanded death penalty for the perpetrators, describing the victim as a \"living corpse\".Bachchan, who was at the forefront in raising the issue, broke down, saying she was \"terribly disturbed\" and \"shocked\". \"I am very ashamed that I am sitting in this House,\" Bachchan said, asking home minister Sushilkumar Shinde whether the government was sensitive enough to have expressed its sympathy to the family of the victim.An act of sexual assault should be treated on par with murder and that section 307 of IPC should be amended to include rape, she demanded.BSP chief Mayawati said law needed to be amended to deliver severe punishment to rapists. \"Nothing will happen by only arresting the perpetrators. Give them stringent punishment,\" she said.During the discussion, women members in both Houses were in the forefront in expressing anger over the incident and concern over safety of women in Delhi. The MPs argued that Delhi was not safe for women of any age, be they infants, children or the elderly. Speaking in Lok Sabha, Congress MP Girija Vyas said that greater police parolling was required. She also urged parliamentarians to pass the sexual assault Bill that would provide harsher punishment for the accused.BJP's Maya Singh termed the incident an \"ultimate brutality\", saying it showed that law was in the hands of goons in Delhi who raped a hapless girl for 90 minutes in a bus moving through elite localities of South Delhi.Among MPs demanding death penalty for rapists were Najma Heptulla, Vasanthy Stanley (DMK), V Maitreyan (AIADMK) and Ram Kripal Yadav (RJD).Derek O'Brien of Trinamool Congress went on to term Delhi a rape capital. \"This morning, I stand here nervous and scared as the father of a 17-year-old daughter living in India. Delhi has, for long, been the political capital, the administrative capital. But if you look at the track record of the past so many years, it has now become the rape capital of India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671783", "title": "Sena MLC from Mumbai takes up IGGMC cause", "text": "NAGPUR: In an effort to keep the pressure on the government, Shiv Sena MLC Deepak Sawant from Mumbai, like every year, visited Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) on Wednesday to take stock of progress of developmental work in college since last winter session.He was shocked to know that the college got no money at all in the last year for the multi-utility building that is being constructed to meet the Medical Council of India (MCI) norms and save the college from losing the 40 MBBS seats. The building will house anatomy lecture hall, library, and women's hostel. ''The college needs Rs11 crore urgently. I will raise the issue in house tomorrow. It is really sad to see such an old college continuing to be in such a pathetic situation,\" he said.Sawant feels local leaders are also responsible for the pathetic situation. \"It is for them to continue to take up the cause of the college with the state government,\" he said. Though this is a regular affair throughout the year, Sawant was shocked to see that except IV fluid, the hospital did not have most of the drugs including higher antibiotics. The hospital has just one ambulance in working condition. \"Since IGGMC does not have an MRI, it has to send patients to GMCH. Mostly they have to travel on their own because of non-availability of ambulances,\" said Sawant.What hurt the apparently concerned MLC most was the apathy of the state government on the vertical expansion and modernization project. Sawant was also upset on the issue of the implementation of Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Yojna. IGGMC is expected to cater for all the cases from Amravati and Gadchiroli districts but unfortunately the health department rarely sends any cases to IGGMC. Otherwise also, the patients do not like to travel all the way from so far. The college cannot also take up neurosurgery patients as it does not have qualified surgeons.IGGMC dean Dr P Wakode said that for years the orthopaedic surgeons have been doing major neurosurgeries of spine and the practice could continue. However, MD India, the insurance agency associated with Jeevandayi, will not pay to the college if the orthopaedic surgeons do these operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673264", "title": "Dew forces change in Ranchi ODI time", "text": "RANCHI: Timing of the India-England ODI has been changed by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (Bon request of Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA). The association had requested for change of timing and start the day and night match early as there is heavy dew formation due to winter and it may have bad impact on play.The ODI,, third of the India-England series, is scheduled to take place in the state capotal on January 19 and will be played at the JSCA International Cricket Stadium in Dhurwa.Manager (cricket operation) of BCCI Suru Nayak has informed the JSCA about the change of timing as dew will have impact on the match. \"The day and night match will now start at 12 noon and end at 7.45pm. Interval will be from 3.30 pm to 4.15 pm. The change has been made as winter has set in and dew formation may have impact on the match,\" said Nayak in a communique to the JSCA president.JSCA spokesperson Manoj Kumar confirmed the development. \"The association has received official information about change in timing of the match and we will take necessary steps to ensure smooth play on that day,\" said Kumar.Sources in JSCA said that earlier the match was to start at 2.30 pm and end at around 10.00 in the night. \"Since winter has set in and there is sharp fall in evening temperature. In most part of the city the visibility is also very poor. Keeping in mind all these problems we had requested the BCCI to change the timing and it has been accepted,\" said a source.\"We expect that the change in timing will help in a better and natural match as it will end before the dew formation starts,\" the source added. Generally dew formation starts after 7 pm and by the time it will have impact on the play the match will be over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17673376", "title": "No cases cracked in 6 years", "text": "LUDHIANA: Abandoned explosives and artillery material including live bombs and tank shells, besides bullets that were recovered remain a mystery for police authorities in the Tricity. The police have failed to solve even a single case regarding the recovery of these materials despite the fact that five persons, including three children lost their lives while trying to recover copper and iron from these shells during the past six years.In September 2009, three persons including Hari Chand, 18, Pradeep, 14 and Sachin, 8, were killed and seven others were injured while removing copper from bombs in Sector 21, Panchkula.In the September 2009 instance, in which 3 persons were killed and seven others injured, though a criminal case under various sections of The Explosive Substances Act was registered, no suspect was identified, while the source of the explosives is yet to be confirmed.In July, 2010, three live bombs weighting 1kg each were recovered from the dumping ground in Sector 38 but the police is yet to find where did these explosives come from. A case too was registered by the Chandigarh police in this regard. Later, the bombs were defused by a team of Western Command officials.A local intelligence official said, \"In three cases of Panchkula, explosive materials went off in shops and houses of scrap dealers, who were trying to remove copper and iron from bombs. In these cases, it has not been found how these scarp dealers procured these explosives.\"DSP (east) Vijay Kumar told TOI, \"A list of scrap dealers, especially those working in Industrial Area, is being prepared for questioning in connection with the recovery of the 40kg heavy tank bomb from forest area near Daria village close to the Chandigarh railway station.\"The investigation has been handed over to the operation cell ( anti-terrorist cell) of Chandigarh police for ascertaining the source of the bomb and confirming the circumstances, under which it reached the forest area near Daria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17671201", "title": "Irrigation scam: Scope of SIT to decide probe outcome, says whistleblower", "text": "NASHIK: Restraining himself from saying anything on the appointment of a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the irrigation scam, whistleblower Vijay Pandhare said the terms of reference to be finalized by the government would decide the outcome of the inquiry.\"Let the terms of reference be finalized and let the names of other members of the committee come to the fore. Only that will bring a clearer picture about the intentions of the government,\" said Pandhare, the chief engineer, Maharashtra Engineering Training Academy.While the engineering association was quick to welcome the move, some of the engineers, on the condition of anonymity, said the SIT would have been more fruitful had it been ordered by the judiciary. If the terms of reference do not award the committee any powers, the SIT would turn out to be nothing but a farce,\" said a senior official of the water resources department.Pointing out that the judiciary was hearing a number of public interest litigations, the official said, \"If the judiciary also appoints an SIT or orders the state to come up with a better suggestion, then the government will have to re-think on SIT.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17672725", "title": "IIM-R\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s programme on \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSchool leadership\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 begins", "text": "RAIPUR: The State Council Educational Research and Training ( SECR), and IIM-R's training programme on 'School leadership' began with group activities including watching movies and some outdoor activities.Over 25 principals from the state are undergoing the residential training programme over improvement of education system.Professor Shubhra Hajela started the programme with morning session on team work. Through discussions and some bollywood flicks, she illustrated the importance of team work and what points have to kept in mind while forming a team.Professor Ajit Prasad discussed the topic on 'managing school as an organization' where he laid down the importance of developing mission, for any school. Professor Sanjeev Prashar, focused on creating the right culture at school which would help other positive forces to grow. He along with the participants culled out the dimensions that can contribute to developing a positive and growth oriented school culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17673438", "title": "Cincinnati volunteers to help change Mysore soon", "text": "MYSORE: The volunteers of India (Mysore)-Cincinnati Sister City Association on Tuesday requested people to join them in connecting Indians, especially Mysoreans, and Cincinnatians and take up development activities in the two cities.Association president Ratee Apana and economic development in charge Rajan Kamath were in Mysore to speak on the benefits of Mysore-Cincinnati Sister City agreement struck on July, 2012. Both are associate professors at University of Cincinnati.Rajan said: \"It is a person-to-person relationship programme to facilitate improvement and bring changes in various fields. We create opportunities for exchange of ideas. We want volunteers for that. Volunteering is only the initial stage of information exchange.\"The cities have come forward to carry out extensive exchanges and co-operative ventures in fields like economic development, science and technology, environment, culture and arts, education, health and sports.They have strong volunteer groupsin the field of education, art and parks management, which can be helpful to Mysore. Cincinnati has been working with seven other cities in Germany, Japan, China, Rwanda, Ukraine and France for several years now. Mysore is the eighth city.Students from Cincinnati will visit Mysore in January. Rajan made it clear that the councils or the association will not provide any funds for study or city visits. Muda commissioner and MCC in charge commissioner C G Betsurmath, mayor Rajeshwari M C and her deputy Mahadevappa were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670858", "title": "Transport dept blames staff shortage for lax enforcement", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the gang-rape of a 23-year-old came to light, Delhi government's transport department is still looking for answers. While the chief minister has said that the permit of the bus will be cancelled, senior officials admit that mere cancellation of permit is not enough.\"The enforcement teams have been asked to step up drives against violations,\" a senior department official said. However, they claim that enforcement is a problem due to shortage of personnel.The transport department is yet to take any concrete action. On Tuesday, even as the Delhi Police announced that a verification drive would be launched of bus permits and drivers along with the transport department, sources in the department maintained that intensive drives were not practical. \"There are 30 teams which work in shifts. But sustained drives are not possible, because only 250 enforcement personnel cannot keep a check on 60 lakh vehicles in the city,\" a senior transport department official said.In the past year, there have been few sustained drives, with most enforcement teams concentrating on violations like over-loading of trucks as well as autorickshaw and commercial vehicles.Random drives against vehicles without pollution under control certificate or registration papers have been undertaken. Permit violations - like Sunday's incident where a contract carriage was being used as a bus ferrying passengers are rampant but seldom get penalised , admit officials. The Gramin Sewa vehicles, which have received intense public criticism, have had few permit cancellations since their launch two years ago.The transport department is discussing broadening the ambit of GPS in public transport. \"GPS is already installed in DTC and cluster buses. We have made it mandatory for autorickshaws to install GPS, which will be expanded to the older three-seater autorickshaws (TSRs) . We are also considering asking vehicles with contract carriage permits like chartered buses to install GPS,\" a senior official said.However, with the transport minister Ramakant Goswami yet to return from a personal trip, all decisions have been put on hold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670087", "title": "Coach Duncan Fletcher of little help, some players tell BCCI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following the humiliating loss to England at home, several Indian players have apparently spoken to the Indian cricket board, expressing unhappiness with coach Duncan Fletcher .Some players, who spoke to TOI on condition of anonymity, said they had told BCCI members they were uncomfortable with Fletcher's style of working and that he has been of little help.However, this is still at the level of confidential discussions and has not yet taken the form of an official complaint.A senior board official told TOI that Fletcher has indeed proved a disappointment. But he categorically denied that any players had spoken to board officials against Fletcher.Fletcher was appointed India's cricket coach on a two-year contract in April 2011. He came highly recommended -- by his predecessor Gary Kirsten , among others - for his cricketing acumen and was expected to guide Team India through a tricky transition phase.However, the squad has suffered one setback after another on his watch, culminating in a series loss to England at home after 28 years.Unless there is a dramatic change in fortunes, it seems unlikely that his contract will be extended once it expires.However, an immediate sacking of Fletcher seems unlikely. \"We will have a chat with him after the Pakistan tour (in December-January) and see how things pan out. But yes, Fletcher has been disappointing,\" a senior board official told TOI.\"The team meetings now lack the kind of focus and intensity which we used to have during Gary Kirsten's days. Fletcher only told us basic things.There were no inputs on how to contain Alistair Cook or how to play James Anderson or Panesar or Swann. Fletcher has been an England coach himself, but we got no insights into the opposition,\" said one member of the team who is an integral part of India's bowling unit.Fletcher has also been blamed for not helping several talented youngsters sort out technical problems and make the leap to the big stage. In fact, some players argue that he actually confused a promising youngster, causing him to suffer a lean patch.Fletcher's inability to iron out the reasons for Rahul Dravid repeatedly getting bowled in Australia and now Sachin Tendulkar's lean trot against New Zealand and England are also being cited against him.\"To be fair to Fletcher, he worked a lot with Dravid in Australia but could not produce results. Maybe his ideas are stale,\" said another member of the team.Ironically, just about the only team member who has steadfastly backed Fletcher is embattled skipper M S Dhoni himself.The skipper has often said that there is only so much a coach can do. Ultimately, what matters is how the 11 players perform in the middle. But with calls mounting to split the captaincy, it remains to be seen how much Dhoni's backing will help the coach.Times ViewIf MS Dhoni's job as captain of India's Test squad ought to be on the line for the team's dismal run against serious opposition in the last couple of years, Duncan Fletcher's as coach too should face the axe. Under him, India has lost 10 of the 12 Tests played at home and away against England and Australia and won just one in Ahmedabad. It is far from clear what he brings to the table, but what is clear is that it hasn't been good enough to get the desired results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "17673457", "title": "Timeframe to solve issue not possible: Muivah", "text": "DIMAPUR: NSCN (IM) general secretary Thuingaleng Muivah on Tuesday made it clear that setting a \"time frame\" to solve the India-Naga political issue is not possible in Indian politics.However, he said the Centre and NSCN (IM) are determined to get the problem solved. \"Both sides are serious and there is no doubt about it. We will do our best and the Indians are also doing the same thing. But it is very hard to say more than that,\" Muivah told reporters at Dimapur Airport after his arrival here.NSCN (IM) leaders Muivah and chairman Isak Chishi Swu have come to Nagaland to celebrate Christmas with the people. When asked whether they would disclose the deliberations made with the Centre to the people of Nagaland, Muivah said they have come to Nagaland purposely, \"as Nagaland is for Christ and this is the season of the birth of our savior and we will be happy if we can meet our people and worship together in this season.\"The NSCN (IM) general secretary said they would be happy to meet NGOs or any Naga group \"as it is always very essential.\" He added that during their last visit to the state, they had given assurance to the people that if anything happens, \"we will come back to the people because we are not above the people. Rather, we are subject to the people and the people have a finer say which is always our political philosophy.\"About the Indo-Naga political problem, Muivah said since both sides are serious, things are expected to move in a more positive way. However, he said, they cannot assure anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17671995", "title": "Let people know state highways condition: Congress", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress has urged chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to let people of the state know about the condition of 3,500 km state highways in \"utterly bad shape\".The day the CM met Union minister for road transport and national highways C P Joshi complaining about the national highways, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh issued a release saying the government should first put its own house in order.He claimed that in 2012-13, the Centre released Rs 179.55 crore for the national highways. Of this, only Rs 15 crore was spent by the state. Quoting a report of the PWD, Singh said that 40% roads of the state government are in bad shape. He said the construction of 247 bridges and culverts worth Rs 1,300 crore has been pending and work on only 50 could start.He also said at the review meeting of the PWD, Chouhan himself found out that Rs 134 crore of the department earmarked for the road construction lapsed.Taking a dig at the government, Singh said the government is expressing concern over roads ever since BJP MP and Bollywood actress Hema Malini took 3 hours to cover a distance of 75 km from Gwalior to Datia. and pulled up the government. Otherwise, he had overlooked the plight of 7.5 crore people of the state, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673269", "title": "Students, parents in state shaken by Delhi gang rape", "text": "RANCHI: Monday's gang rape in Delhi has created a fear psychosis not just among those living there, but also among the girls of Jharkhand who have gone to the national capital for higher studies or jobs.Ruchika Aggarwal of Ranchi studying law in Delhi University said, \"During the past two years of my stay, I have faced many cases of eve-teasing on the roads near my campus. The buses, especially the blueline ones, are unsafe.\"Not just the young boys, even middle-aged and old men also misbehave with girls in buses, particularly when they are crowded. The worst part is that the people are least bothered. If a girl starts shouting, nobody comes forward to save her,\" she added.The girls are not feeling safe even during the daytime. Recalling a horrific experience, Shikha Bhatia, a student of Miranda House, Delhi, said, \"If a girl walks on an empty road in the daytime, there is every possibility of a car pulls up near her and people in the car start teasing her or at times forcibly pulling her in the vehicle.\" I myself have been in such a situation. Once I was going to meet a friend and when I reached near AIIMS a car pulled nearby and tried to pull me in but I ran from the spot and luckily there were people around so the car went awayGirls living in Delhi say the helpline numbers are of no help. Ashmita Khalko, a student of St Stephen's College, said, \"I was walking on the road when some boys were trying to tease me and when I tried calling the helpline number, I got the answer that the area was not under their jurisdiction. How many helpline numbers a girl is supposed to keep with her and if there is some major accident, how will a girl expect help?\"Instances like these have created fear among the parents and forced them think twice before sending their daughters to Delhi. Mamta Gupta whose daughter studies in Delhi said, \"I was not ready to send my daughter to Delhi but since she got admission to a good college for graduation, so I thought I should not play with her career. Still I never send my daughter alone, I always accompany her in trains and even when she travels from college to her house or anywhere else I am always in contact with her on phone.\"Prashant Bose, the father of a 25-year-old girl working in Delhi, said, \"My daughter works in night shifts and travels by cab. Every time I hear cases of rape and eve-teasing in Delhi, I get really frightened. I am trying hard that I get a good job for her here so that she is at least safe with family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672883", "title": "Two youths die after falling off moving train", "text": "AURANGABAD: Two youths from the city died near Lasur railway station on Tuesday afternoon after they lost balance while standing in the compartment's door and slipped under the wheels of the moving Nanded-Amritsar Sachkhand Express.Their friend who fell along with them has been shifted to Government Medical College and Hospital and is said to be out of danger.The deceased has been identified as Shahrukh Khan Khaja Khan (18) a resident of Qaiser Colony and Shahrukh Khan Zaker Ali Khan (23) of Samta Nagar, while the injured has been identified as Shaikh Zaheer Shaikh Zamir (28) of Qaiser Colony. All the three were going to Manmad where they were employed with a catering firm.Police said the three friends had boarded the train at Aurangabad, but could not get into the compartment due to heavy rush. They stood at the door of one of the compartments. Between Parsoda and Latur station around 50 km from here, due to heavy rush, they allegedly got pushed further out and they lost balance. All three fell out of the moving train. Commuters pulled the chain to halt the train.One of them died on spot, while the other died during at the treatment at the GMCH on Tuesday evening, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674339", "title": "Prakash Raj to replace Suriya in NVOK?", "text": "Suriya enthralled television viewers as a host with Neengalum Vellalam Oru Kodi, the Tamil version of the popular Kaun Banega Crorepati. With the channel now all set to launch the next season, the buzz is that the Maattrraan star will not be hosting it as he is busy with prior commitments in Kollywood. And the latest we hear is that Prakash Raj is likely to host the show this time.A source close to the channel said, \"Suriya will not be hosting the second season. Prakash Raj has been approached to take over as the host this time. An official confirmation will be sent out in January.\" The channel's representatives were unavailable for an official comment regarding the development.When CT contacted Suriya regarding this, he said, \"I am unable to accommodate time for this season. I enjoyed working on the first season of the show.\"Prakash Raj, who is currently busy shooting, was not reachable for comment. However, his wife Pony Verma stated, \"Yes, he (Prakash Raj) has been approached to host the show. The channel is currently in talks with him to finalize things, but nothing is confirmed yet. Right now, he is busy with his upcoming flick Gauravam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17672090", "title": "Biker comes under bus wheels, killed", "text": "VARANASI: Allowing his minor son to ride high-speed motorcycle cost dear for a police constable as the boy was killed after coming under the wheels of a speeding bus in Bhadauchungi area under Adampur police station on Tuesday afternoon.According to reports, Ramashankar Yadav, a police constable presently deployed at Kudabazar outpost of Mughalsarai police station in Chandauli district, lives in Bhadau area. His 14-year-son, Ashutosh was studying at a school at Telianala area. After returning home from school, he rode his high-speed motorcycle towards Bhadauchungi area. In a bid to overtake a speeding bus, he lost balance and the bike was hit by a vehicle coming from opposite side. He fell on the road and came under the wheels of the same bus. He died on the spot.Identity ascertained: The youth, who was murdered in a house in Saptsagar area under Kotwali police station on Sunday night, was identified as Vikas Maurya alias Pintu (22), a native of Habibpura under Chetganj police station.It may be recalled that one Murari, who along with his friend enjoyed liquor inside a room in the house of his grandmother in Saptsagar area had fled after slitting the throat of one of his friends on Sunday night. The incident had come to light on Monday morning after which the Kotwali cops had intensified efforts to ascertain the identity of killed youth.On Tuesday Vishal Maurya of Habibpura reached police station where he identified the killed youth as his brother Pintu. According to him, Pintu worked as electrician and he used to leave house with friends every evening. On many occasions he did not return home for several days. On Sunday evening he had left home with some Manoj but did not return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672697", "title": "Protest against quota in promotion bill intensifies", "text": "KANPUR: The protest launched by the state government employees against reservation in promotion intensified here on Tuesday.Though the protest was held in various state government offices, the engineers and workers employed in Kesco staged the strongest protest, staying away from work for the entire day and threatening to go on an indefinite strike if the Congress-led Central government did not take back the bill. The agitators were angry with Congress and BJP for supporting Bahujan Samaj Party to get the bill passed in Rajya Sabha.Under the banner of Sarvajan Hityan Suraksha Samiti, the Kesco staff lodged a strong protest as agitators moved from one department to another and ensured that every colleague was out on the road instead of working in the office. The protest was held in the main office of Kesco situated in Civil Lines.Agitators raised slogans and vowed to remain united on the issue. They said reservation in promotion will make every general category senior official or worker becoming the subordinate of an SC/ST junior when the latter get early promotion. They said political parties supported the quota bill for vote bank politics and added that these parties had angered the upper caste by taking such a measure and will pay price in the Lok Sabha elections of 2014.Manish Gupta, one of the Kesco engineers said quota bill will divide the society and further widen the gap between the general category and SC/STs.S K Verma, senior Kesco official, engineers Kamlesh Chandra, Amresh Rai, Manish Gupta, AK Jain, RK Singh, Pallav Mukerjee, Sanjay Srivastava and engineers including Ajeet Rajput, Ankur Verma, Vipin Sharma and others extended full support to the stir.Similar protests were launched by KDA, Public Works Department, Jal Nigam, Kanpur Municipal Corporation and several other government offices to demand withdrawal of the quota bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17673459", "title": "Arunachal CM to receive lifetime achievement award", "text": "ITANAGAR: The International Association of Educators for World Peace (IAEWP) has selected Arunachal chief minister Nabam Tuki for its Lifetime Achievement Award. IAEWP, which is affiliated to United Nations, selected Tuki for the prestigious award on the recommendations of its search committee.The award will be conferred on him during a ceremony at India International Center in New Delhi on December 30 next, sources said here on Tuesday. He will also receive the Green State of the Year Award on behalf of the state government for maintaining greenery in the state.The chief minister dedicated the award to the people, particularly those in the interior and rural places, sources said.Meanwhile, Tuki along with education minister Bosiram Siram, parliamentary secretary Padi Richo, MLAs Bamang Felix and Ralom Borang and other officials visited the civil secretariat, legislative assembly building and the MLA apartments, which are under construction, on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17672960", "title": "Civil society to take part in framing gender-based schemes", "text": "JAIPUR: After introducing gender budgeting in last year's budget, the state government is now planning to involve civil societies in framing policies to utilize the allocated money for the purpose. A task force within the state planning board has been constituted to find how gender-based schemes could be evolved.Organizations working for uplift of women and girl children are now assisting the government in developing gender-specific policies. The consultation is on the line of budget allocation for them in annual state budget.In the 2012-13 budget, the state government introduced a separate head for gender budgeting in all departments for the first time with an aim to quantify the provisions made for welfare of women and girl children.\"After ensuring the flow of money, government has now made a body within the planning board to suggest how funds can be best utilized. This includes non-government organizations, civil societies and those who are mandated for such work anywhere in the country,\" a senior official of the finance department said.To sensitize the departments regarding the gender budgeting, the chief secretary has also written a detailed letter to all of them. According to the letter, departments not only have to allocate funds but need to prioritize them.The letter even mentioned that departments which are revenue generators for the state have to ensure that polices do not have negative impact on the economic empowerment of women.\"During budget finalization and compilation (BFC) meetings, officials from all the departments are coming up with detailed plans. Last year, we included gender-specific head after BFC which is not the case this year. All in the state machinery are now aware of the practice. Constant monitoring is also going on to ensure that money is well used,\" the official added.Those departments which are gender neutral have been asked to indicate their expenditure in ratio of women population in the state. Departments which are women-centric are expected to spend at least 70% of their funds for the welfare of women and girl children.Efforts have been made after the state government came under severe criticism for the gaping disparity between men and women in Rajasthan. As per the 2010-11 statistics, only 53% female are literate against 81% males. Similarly, sex ratio is also quite alarming with only 926 females for 1,000 males while child sex ratio has declined by 26 basis points from 909 to 883 in the period between 2001 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17672232", "title": "Gangster gunned down by rivals", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A gangster \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who had allegedly killed over 100 people and has over 30 cases against him in Delhi, Noida, Ghaziabad and Gurgaon \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was killed in Ghaziabad on Tuesday after assailants allegedly shot him repeatedly while he was travelling with his gang members in a Santro. Police said that it was a case of gang violence. A contract of Rs 60,000 was allegedly issued for his death.The victim has been identified as Jaggu Pahelwan or Joginder, who was discharged on bail on November 16 after being arrested in August 2011 by Ghaziabad police. \"He was travelling in his Santro in the morning with gang member, Sandeep, in Loni when another car drove up and its occupants started shooting at the duo,\" said a senior police officer. Both parties exchanged fire and Jaggu while Sandeep were injured.An FIR has been lodged against seven men. \"Tinku, Sonu 'Advocate' and Bhola have been named as accused. All three were present in the assailant's car and Tinku was driving when the murder took place,\" Arvind Yadav, CO Border, Ghaziabad, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673146", "title": "Firefighters wore oxygen masks at GMC", "text": "PANAJI: \"We could not see anything but smoke,\" said fire station officer S M Raut who rescued a youth who had lost his way in the dense smoke. The smoke had caused panic and chaos among the 100 odd people present.Rajendra Haldankar, assistant divisional officer, fire services, told TOI that the department received a call at 8.37am and the fire service tender was at the spot in less than 10 minutes.The firefighters were forced to wear oxygen masks and though two fire tenders were already fighting the fire, reinforcement was called as standby from fire stations at Old Goa, Panaji, Verna, Old Goa and Vasco. The fire took about 45 minutes to be extinguished, said fire services personnel. The department is yet to ascertain the cause of the fire.\"We will write to the electricity department to investigate if the fire was caused by an electrical failure. The police department will also be asked to check to rule out any foul play,\" said Haldankar. GABL is yet to give the finer details of its loss, but an official who did not want to be named, said medicines worth at least 90 lakh were gutted in the fire. The pharmacy lost all medicines, documents and four computers to the fire. While most of the OPDs at GMC are conducted on the first and second floors, the gynaecology OPD is in another block and was open on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chenna", "code": "17673472", "title": "Age of deco-dence", "text": "CHENNA: It's a case of pudding love. The lavishly restored Casino Theatre is a tribute to the city's fascination for both the movies and the architectural style known as Art Deco. It stands like a luscious vanilla ice , decorated with whipped cream and the cherry red name on the top.Art Deco was a style that came into being in the Depression years of the 1930s. Architects piled on tier upon tier of geometrics hapes ,stacked neatly like giant sandwiches and wrapped them with ribbons of metallic bands. They shaped them into circular forms made of the fashionable building material of the 20th century , concrete. Inspired by the clean lines of the age of automation , the silken wingtip of an airplane and round cabin windows of a transatlantic liner were integrated into buildings. From Miami to Mumbai , Art Deco became the rage.As seen in the Baz Luhrmann film \"The Great Gatsby\", the Art Deco style epitomised the message of Jay Gatsby's life: Style maketh the man. In the age of the machine, every person could aspire to be Gatsby. Even the long parallel lines that frame the massive entrance doorways, pencil the windows, or define the soaring structures that appear on the frontage of the buildings like the prototypes of Egyptian guardian deities are suggestions of upward mobility.When it was first built 70 years ago, the Casino Theatre stood near the epicentre of fashionable city life,theRoundtana on Mount Road as it was known then. The owners, the Irani family had already introduced the city's elite to one of the pre-requisites of elegant living \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ice. They were from Pune and when one of the family members discovered that no ice was forthcoming in this part of the world, they set up ice factories in different towns of the south. Casino Theatre was an extension of their entrepreneurial spirit.Just across the Roundtana, so called because it had a circular structure over a well built by the Raja of Vizianagaram, was another famous Art Deco building, Curzon's. Named after a well-known British governor-general,it stocked furnishings. It stands in its original place and retains a pale pistachio green colour.Contrasting tones were used to highlight decorative aspects.Adoubleringed circle, for instance, with wings at the top and bottom,flaring cones, or cactusflowers at the apex of doors and windows established the owner as one who defined the spirit of the modern age.The effect is best seen at Ilford House on Woods Road, where FabI ndia has stamped the original design with its brand. Standing majestically a stone's throw away, is the Connemara hotel which is both a style guruof the movement and a bitof a poseur.It started quite conventionally as a garden house and adopted the feathers and fangs of Deco-dence as it grew in age and reputation.Chennai's own Gatsbys, the merchants and bankers, decided thatA rtDecowas a salute to their abilities. At Parry's Corner, the superbly maintained Dare House proves how the style dominated street corners. The best examples are from the firm of L M Chitale, who created his own style known as Indo-Deco.The same merchants built themselves Art Deco mansions set in elaborate gardens that may still be seen bordering the Cooum on Spurtank Road, on Khader Nawaz Khan Road, and off Radhakrishnan Salai.As architect Pramod Balakrishnan's virginal TTK building rises from behind the flyover on Cathedral Road, you feel there's life yet for Art Deco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672622", "title": "We'll dump garbage at CM's house, say Mandur residents", "text": "BANGALORE: 'If you continue to dump garbage here on February 1, it'll be carried to the doorsteps of chief minister Jagadish Shettar and deputy CM R Ashoka.' That's the warning of Mandur villagers to BBMP and the state government here on Tuesday.Rakesh Gowda, gram panchayt member, told TOI villagers would not tolerate the stench any more. BBMP, which can't manage waste in its jurisdiction, is sending truck loads of garbage to our village under police security. Many of our villagers are facing harassment in the police station,\" he said.'Dumping Saaku'Members of the Lokayukta party which includes urban experts like Ashwin Mahesh and solid waste management activists like Dr Meenakshi Bharat, NS Ramakanth and over 200 techies will go on a protest march from Mandur to Bangalore on December 22.Upset with the way the state government and the BBMP is tackling solid waste and burdening villagers with 200 truck loads of garbage every day, the party is undertaking this protest.\"The village panchayat is an elected body. The government is dominating the local self-government of the village. The city's waste must be treated within the city and not sent anywhere else. We're protest against this,\" said Srinivas Alavalli, a techie and convener of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17673342", "title": "Funds crunch hits war on malaria", "text": "NEW DELHI: The amount of funds available for malaria prevention and control globally is less than half what is needed, the World Health Organization (WHO) has said in a report. While it is estimated that $5.1 billion is needed every year between 2011 and 2020 to achieve universal access to malaria interventions, only $2.3 billion was available in 2011. The WHO has blamed this on a slowing down in the efforts to reverse the epidemic.This was stated in the World Malaria Report released on Monday, which summarised information from 104 malaria-endemic countries, including India. International funding for malaria control has been steadily rising, going up from less than $100 million in 2000 to $1.71 billion in 2010. National government funding for malaria programmes has also been increasing in recent years, touching an estimated $625 million in 2011. Yet the funds are far from adequate as malaria hits the poorest countries with higher proportions of their population living in poverty (less than $1.25 per person per day) have higher mortality rates from malaria.Projections of both domestic and international resources available between 2013 and 2015 indicate that total funding for malaria control will remain at less than US$ 2.7 billion, substantially below the amount required.The African continent accounts for the highest incidence of malaria with 219 million cases and 90% of all malarial deaths in the world. In the Southeast Asia region, India has the highest incidence of malaria (24 million cases) followed by Indonesia and Myanmar. According to the latest WHO estimates, worldwide there were about 219 million cases of malaria in 2010 and an estimated 660,000 deaths.Together, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Nigeria are estimated to account for over 40% of all malaria deaths globally. Similarly, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, India and Nigeria account for 40% of malaria cases.The world report claims that 50 countries are on track to reduce their malaria case incidence rates by 75%, in line with World Health Assembly and Roll Back Malaria targets for 2015. However, these 50 countries account for just 3% (7 million) of the total estimated malaria cases. Moreover, malaria surveillance systems detect only around 10% of the estimated global number of cases, with case detection being lowest in the countries with the highest burden of malaria. In the African and Western Pacific Regions, the main constraint is the small proportion of patients attending public facilities who receive a diagnostic test for malaria.In the Southeast Asia Region, the most important issue is the high proportion of patients who seek treatment in the private sector, as is happening in India where the private sector is not part of the health reporting system. With such constraints, most of the WHO figures are based on estimates and modelling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673177", "title": "'Probe irrigation projects during BJP-Sena rule'", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre on Tuesday said that a special investigation team (SIT) should be appointed to revisit the irrigation projects during the BJP-Sena regime and probe the role of BJP leader Eknath Khadse who was the irrigation minister then.Speaking to reporters via video-conferencing at Congress Bhawan, Thakre said, \"The SIT has been okayed because the opposition parties raised questions over the white paper on irrigation. The SIT should probe allegations against the leader of opposition (Eknath Khadse) and others leaders as well. The decisions regarding irrigation projects taken during the BJP-Sena rule should also be covered under the SIT.\"The state government on Monday announced a SIT headed by Madhav Chitale to probe irrigation projects. \"The Congress wants that all the issues regarding irrigation project should be dealt with and a clear picture should emerge. There should not be any confusion in the minds of people. However, the opposition parties are politicizing the entire issue and are not interested in solving the real problem,\" said Thakre.Thakre said that on December 28 the MPCC had organized a convention in Mumbai to celebrate the 127th year of the Congress party. \"The MPCC has also initiated an effort to connect all district offices to the Mumbai headquarters via video conferencing. All district Congress units will be connected with the All India Congress Committee headquarters in New Delhi,\" said Thakre.The MPCC president added that Congress will also celebrate the Centre's decision to handover the Indu mill land to the state government to erect memorial of B R Ambedkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672665", "title": "Poor turnout for viewing online back-paper copies", "text": "KANPUR: Even after a fortnight, only 40% of students have turned-up to see online copies of their back-paper answer-sheets uploaded by the Chattrapati Sahuji Maharaj University on its official website. While, the varsity officials are considering it as a good start, teachers and KUTA members feel otherwise. Lack of awareness has resulted in low number of students opting to see their online answer-sheets.Despite over 50 thousand back-paper copies have been uploaded online by CSJMU around two weeks ago, only 22 thousand students have turned up yet to see their answer-sheets till now. According to teachers, the reason for this low number of answer-sheet viewing is either that the students are not having any craze to see the copies or they are satisfied with the marks given to them.Commenting on the provision of viewing online answer-sheets, a teacher of CSJMU said that varsity should create awareness amongst students before launching such schemes.She added that lack of awareness on basic information and colleges should become more active in such cases.She further added that in this way students will also learn way of writing the answers and it saves time and money of both the student and varsity authorities.\"Perhaps with better publicity, CSJMU will see more applications from next year. As per their plan, more than 90 thousand copies are expected to be uploaded online next year,\" she added further.Moreover if any CSJMU student wants to see his/her online answer-sheet, he/she can purchase a token of rupees 55 from any HDFC bank branch. The student then have to visit the university website and fill the token number in the respective column. This year's back paper copies will be available till 31 may 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17673366", "title": "HSLC, AHM exams advanced", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Secondary Education Board of Assam (Seba) on Tuesday advanced the date of the High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) and Assam High Madrassa (AHM) examinations by one day.Seba chairman Shantikam Hazarika said, \"Earlier, the HSLC and AHM exams were scheduled for February 19, but due to the restricted government holiday on that day, we rescheduled the exam on February 18. According to the state holiday list, Karbi festival Karbi-Dehal-Kachi-Dom falls on February 19.\"The new timetable of the exams was published on Tuesday. Preparation for the exams are on and Seba has already started distributing admit cards at different centres. Distribution of admit cards in Kamrup district has been completed and the cards will reach the other districts within 15 days, he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17672023", "title": "Ramakrishna Mission spends Rs 30 crore on welfare", "text": "KOLKATA: The Ramakrishna Mission has spent over Rs 30 crore in welfare activities in 2011-12, more than double spent in the previous year, says a governing body report of the mission.The report, published on Sunday at the 103rd annual general meeting at Belur Math, says RKM spent over Rs 2.29 crore in primary relief, Rs 2.26 crore in rehabilitation and more than Rs 25.59 crore in welfare activities in 2011-12. In 2010-11, this amount was Rs 12.29 crore. The meeting was chaired by Swami Atmasthanandaji, president of the order.The organization spent nearly Rs 29 crore on educational and cultural activities. As many as 2.66 lakh students in 468 educational institutions run by the organization benefited, in addition to 57,325 students who were taught in non-formal education centres, night schools and coaching classes.\"As part of the commemoration of the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, Unesco inaugurated an exhibition on Swamiji in Paris,\" the report said. The then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee unveiled the Vivekananda memorial Plaque in the Art Institute of Chicago, US. The Chennai centre launched India's first stereoscopic 3D animated movie on Swami Vivekananda and first 3D holographic display on lectures of Swamiji. Malaysia has released a postal stamp on Swamiji.The mission has received Rs 35 crore of the Rs 100 crore approved by the Centre to mark Swamiji's 150th birth anniversary.RKM's expenditure in arranging medical mobile units and camps increased from over Rs 1.83 crore in 2010-11 to more than Rs 1.85 crore next year. Likewise, the cost of running hospitals and dispensaries rose from Rs 18.82 crore to Rs 20.69 crore respectively. Over 2.24 lakh \"socially backward\" patients were treated in its 10 hospitals in the country and more than 2.30 such category of people got medical aid in its 83 dispensaries in the year under review.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17673538", "title": "Like doctors, desi nurses prefer foreign shores", "text": "MANGALORE: Jacintha Saldanha, nurse at King Edward VII Hospital in London, was just one player of the big success story of Indian nurses. Just like Indian doctors, nurses too are in high demand across the globe.Interestingly, undivided Dakshina Kannada district is the hub for nursing colleges in the state. More than 30 colleges are situated in this region, and most of the students pursing nursing courses are from different states of the country. There is a huge demand for nurses in India, but many students still prefer to work in foreign countries.BV Kathyayani, principal of Dr MV Shetty College of Nursing, told TOI that according to the World Health Organization, about 40.5 lakh nursing jobs are vacant, and according to the Indian Nursing Council, there is a shortage of 20.3 lakh nurses in India.She said, \"Every year, around 500 students join our college for undergraduate and postgraduate nursing courses. Of these, 70% are from outside Karnataka.\" Among non-Karnataka students, 50% are from Kerala, she added.Students prefer to work in foreign countries as salaries in India range from Rs 6,000 to Rs 14,000 per month. But abroad, nursing graduates get a salary of Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2 lakh per month, says BV Kathyayani, principal of Dr MV Shetty College of Nursing.BA Yathi Kumaraswamy Gowda, principal of Alva's College of Nursing (ACN), pointed out that nurses prefer to work in Europe and America countries because people and hospital authorities in these countries don't discriminate between doctors and nurses. He said \"nurses get more respect in foreign countries than in India\".In ACN every year, 145 students join nursing courses and 70% of the students are from other states. In Father Muller College of Nursing (FMCN), every year more than 100 students join nursing courses, of who 50% are from other states, especially Kerala.Sr Winifred D'Souza, principal of FMCN, said good infrastructure and quality education draws students from different parts of the country. Students prefer to work abroad due to the enormous job opportunities there, she said. Swathi A, a BSc nursing student from Kerala said, \"Since we spend huge amounts of money on the course, we prefer working in European countries. The money we can earn in 10 years working here, can be earned in a couple of years in foreign countries.\"Laxmi D, another BSc nursing student said: \"Apart from a good salary and lifestyle in foreign countries, we also get exposure to international standards of medical services offered in hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17673367", "title": "Guinness record-holder bid at world's longest painting", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The Guinness world record holder for drawing the longest piece of scratch art in bromide paper, Apuraj Barooah, on Tuesday set out to create another record. The Dibrugarh-based artist is trying to create a 10-km painting, which will be the longest painting, with the help of budding artists of the state.The opening ceremony of the Guinness World Record event was jointly inaugurated by Dibrugarh University vice chancellor Kandarpa Kumar Deka and deputy commissioner Aruna Rajoria at the Chowkidinghee playground in the presence of a huge gathering on Tuesday.Barooah revealed that the painting will be done in two phases. While fifty per cent of the painting will be done in Dibrugarh from December 18 to January 4 next year, the remaining will be done inside the campus of the Government Art College in Guwahati from January 5 to January 12. The theme of the painting will be the national flags and symbols of 257 countries of the world. The painting will then be displayed at the Dibrugarh University campus on January 27 for public view and Guinness official verification.The current Guinness record for the world's longest painting is a 7.16-km painting done by 827 children on behalf of the National Union of Eritrean Youth and Students (Eritrea) in Asmara, Eritrea on November 26, 2011.Barooah added that he next plans to create the world record of singing the national anthem (Jana Gana Mana) and regional song (O Mur Apunar Dekh) with 1 lakh participants on January 26 on the banks of the Brahmaputra in Dibrugarh. In all, the Guinness world record holder will try to create 14 world records in different categories over the course of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17672994", "title": "Tales of segregation hit RTE dreams in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The Right to Education process in Rajasthan may be turning into a damp squib and no one, it seems, is ready to learn any lessons. The deadline for abiding with the provisions of the RTE Act expires in March 2013 but a number of kids who enrolled in private schools under the Act seem to have already dropped out, many citing segregation and other humiliating experiences as the reason.TOI traced a few students admitted under RTE Act in big schools who were later forced to pullout with no reason being cited by the school.Khushboo, a resident of a slum near Apex Circle was admitted in a private school near OTIS Circle - a development celebrated by her family. However, the dreams of the daughter of a daily wager took a hit when her family noticed a change in her behaviour. Khushboo's parents found that nobody in the school was willing to share food and water with her and even the teachers doesn't treat her on a par with others. \"It was disappointing to learn that she had to sit separately with others admitted under this kanoon (RTE) in a segregated place,\" said her father. He said being in a slum school with no facilities was better than a school with world class facilities as it brought a smile back on his daughter's face.This is not an isolated incident. The situation is similar in a majority of private schools. TOI contacted several schools and most admitted to such incidents on condition of anonimity. They contended that these kids find it difficult to keep pace with the teaching, especially as they don't get help from family members. As a result they lag behind and are forced to eventually quit the school.Damodar Goyal, president of Society for Private Unaided School in Rajasthan told TOI he not come across any information on RTE dropouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673018", "title": "Database of govt school students being developed", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a first of its kind move, a database will be created of students of government schools from classes I-XII. The state government has taken this initiative on the directions of the Union ministry of human resource and development (MHRD). While the basic education department will take care of students from classes I-VIII, the secondary education officials have been asked to gather information of students of class IX-XII.In this context, Atul Kumar state project director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) has issued a circular to all basic education officers asking them to do the needful. Education officers have been instructed to ensure there is no repetition of schools with primary and secondary recognition from the Uttar Pradesh Shiksha Parishad.MHRD has sought details in order to find whether the SSA schemes are reaching out to students in government schools or not. The officials are also keen to know if there has been a decline in student absenteeism in the past years. It is pertinent to point out that a lot of welfare schemes for students are being run under SSA and the National Secondary Education Mission (NSEM). The Centre plays a vital role in giving financial assistance to states so that students in primary schools are benefited and do not miss on elementary education. All details gathered will be stored in Education Management Information System (EMIS).The said database would also include details of teachers. The format on which details will be stored is being made available on the Unified District Information System for Education (U-DIES) software. To get hands-on experience of the software, a training of all education officials including district coordinators for SSA is being held from December 17-20. The work on finalising the format and printing of forms will begin from December 21 and continue till January 21. Filling of forms will take place from January 22 to 29. The sample checking of the filled up forms will be on February 1 and 2 after which final touch will be given to the database. The state government has fixed May 10 as deadline for furnishing the details to MHRD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672536", "title": "Now, travel business class at lower rates", "text": "CHENNAI: International airlines have started catering to a new set of business travellers who are wary of spending money on expensive business class seats, yet prefer to enjoy more comforts than economy class while flying.British Airways , American Airlines , Virgin Atlantic , Delta Airways and Cathay Pacific Airways have changed their seat configuration by adding a new set of seats called premium economy class. The seats offer more leg room and a few more amenities, and are priced lower than business class but higher than economy class.From Chennai, Cathay Pacific will offer such seats to Hong Kong from January 1. \"We are catering to a distinct market which is growing. Businessmen who travel regularly do not prefer to spend on business class because of restrictions by companies. But they want more facilities than economy class,\" said Tom Wright, general manager for South Asia, Middle East and Africa, Cathay Pacific Airways.The premium economy seats are wider and have a better recline. It has meal table, cocktail table, foot rest, multi port connecter for personal devices and extra personal storage space. \"The Chennai-Hong Kong services are popular. The new business class and premium economy class seats will be an advantage for business travelers flying via Hong Kong,\" he said. The airline is offering a promotional fare of Rs 40,000 for premium economy class and Rs 35,000 for economy class.Foreign carrriers like Lufthansa, Cathay Pacific and others are concerned about high airport charges in India. \"We try to urge the government to reduce the charges because it is not rational to build airports cheaper and then charge passengers high,\" said Tom Wright.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17671493", "title": "Setting up SIT without too much power puts govt's credibility at stake", "text": "The government does not seem to be too keen to get to the bottom of the alleged multi-crore scam. This is understandable at one level - neither the Congress nor the NCP wants to rock the coalition boat - but it's come at a huge cost; the decision to set up an SIT that apparently does not have too much power has put the credibility of the government at stake. The government may gloss over these issues in the legislature but answering questions in court will be much tougher.Related story:  Prithviraj Chavan pacifying saffron camp by setting up SIT to probe irrigation scam: Opposition", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17673204", "title": "Kalyan victim can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t walk again", "text": "KALYAN: A 16-year-old girl who was repeatedly stabbed outside her house on Haji Malang road in Kalyan (E) on November 12 will never be able to use her right foot properly , doctors attending to her said on Tuesday.She has been on the hospital bed for five weeks and her family has spent nearly Rs 3 lakh on her treatment.Her attacker, Prashant Katalkar, wanted to force her into marriage, but when she refused, he along with his friend Karan Chalke pelted stones at her house in Pisavli village, between Dombivli and Kalyan . Katalkar finally broke through the tin roof of her house, chased Pooja outside and stabbed her in front of many of the chawl's residents. Five persons, including two women who tried to help, were also attacked.The victim's mother told TOI on Tuesday that the family has not slept or eaten properly since the incident. \"Whenever I enter the kitchen, I recall how Prashant entered the bedroom, where my children were playing a computer game, through the roof, and then chasing us and attacking my daughter,\" she said. The victim's father said, \" I lost my all my savings, so I shifted my daughter to the government-run KEM hospital.\" Family members said she has not been able to speak properly due to the wounds.The shocking incidentPrashant Katalkar, along with his friend Karan Chalke, pelted stones at a 16-year-old girl's house in Pisavli village on November 12. When she did not come out, Katalkar entered it through the tin roof. He then chased her and stabbed her repeatedly outside her house, in front of many of the chawl's residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "17672941", "title": "Ideal drink for kids: Two cups of cow milk a day", "text": "TORONTO: Two cups of cow's milk a day is the exact quantity required by most children to maintain adequate vitamin D and iron levels, scientists say. The most common question parents often ask is how much milk they should be giving their kids.\"We started to research the question because professional recommendations around milk intake were unclear and doctors and parents were seeking answers,\" said Dr Jonathon Maguire, a pediatrician at St Michael's Hospital and lead author of the study.Maguire and his team looked at how cow's milk affected body stores of iron and vitamin D \u00e2\u20ac\u201d two of the most important nutrients in milk \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in more than 1,300 children aged two to five years. They found that children who drank more cow's milk had higher Vitamin D stores but lower iron stores.\"We saw that two cups of cow's milk per day was enough to maintain adequate vitamin D levels for most children , while also maintaining iron stores. With additional cow's milk, there was a further reduction in iron stores without greater benefit from vitamin D,\" Maguire said in a statement.The researchers recruited healthy children during routine doctor's appointments between 2008 and 2010.The study suggested that children with darker skin pigmentation may not have enough vitamin D stores during the winter months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675578", "title": "Roma to ring in the New Year in the Gulf", "text": "Actress Roma had an eventful 2012 with two of her movies with Mollywood superstars - Mohanlal and Mammootty - running to packed houses.The actress is ending the year on a high note too, signing yet another highly anticipated movie - Anoop Menon-Jayasurya-starrer Hotel California .\"I'm quite excited that I am getting to play a variety of roles of late,\" says Roma, who will be joining the shooting location for Hotel California in Kochi on December 28. However, after shooting for two days Roma will be taking a short break to head to the Gulf for a New Year's Eve programme. \"I will be performing a dance sequence at a New Year's Eve bash. However, the very next day, I will be back in Kochi to resume the shoot,\" says the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672766", "title": "Jagadish Shettar sidesteps BSY threat", "text": "BANGALORE: Trying to beat the Election Commission's notification on assembly polls and also threatening signals from former chief minister and Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) president BS Yeddyurappa, chief minister Jagadish Shettar has fasttracked preparations for the budget.The buzz in political circles is that the poll notification is expected to be issued in the second or third week of February. So the CM has advanced his pre-budget meetings. Starting Wednesday, departments like rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR), revenue, education, horticulture and sericulture have been lined up for meetings.However, Shettar's hurry to hold prebudget discussions comes a day after Yeddyurappa threatened to destabilize the government, stating that the CM may not present the budget as he won't last in the post till then.Shettar, who's normally reserved by nature , appears to be taking Yeddyurappa head-on by holding meetings and conveying the message that he is here to stay till his last working day.The former CM had on Monday doubted the Shettar government's survival, citing recent political developments where 14 BJP MLAs identified with his KJP. Seeking to create confusion, Yeddyurappa reportedly asked his ministers to resign in groups. Ridiculing Yeddyurappa's statement , Shettar hinted that he would present the budget on February 7 or 8. Sources in the finance department maintained that the draft of the 2013-14 budget would be ready in a month's time.Central leadership behind CMSources in the BJP core team said Jagadish Shettar (in pic) drew the confidence to take on Yeddyurappa after his meeting with the central leadership last week. There, it is said that party national leaders Nitin Gadkari , Arun Jaitley and Sushma Swaraj told Shettar and state BJP president K S Eshwarappa to go all out to strengthen the party even at the cost of losing the government.Budget politicsShettar's predecessor DV Sadananda Gowda, too, had to face rebellion from Yeddyurappa at the time of presenting the budget. Trying to stop Gowda, Yeddyurappa shepherded around 60 MLAs to a holiday resort, threatening to destabilize the government if he was not made chief minister again, or state BJP president. Despite threatening signals, Gowda went ahead and presented the budget.KSE, family get bailDeputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa, his son and daughter-in-law were granted anticipatory bail on Tuesday. Advocate B Vinod had filed a petition before the Shimoga Lokayukta court, alleging that Eshwarappa has amassed wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income. The court admitted the petition and sought a detailed report before February 4. However, a representation before governor HR Bhardwaj is pending, which sought permission to prosecute Eshwarappa on similar charges of possessing disproportionate wealth. The governor on Monday said he will take a decision on the issue in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672813", "title": "Court rejects Jain's bail plea", "text": "AURANGABAD: Justice M T Joshi of the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court on Monday rejected the bail application of former state housing minister Suresh Jain while directing the special judge, Jalgaon, to frame charges against him and others as expeditiously as possible.Jain, who was arrested for his involvement in the Rs 169-crore Jalgaon housing scam, is being treated at St George Hospital in Mumbai, where he was admitted on November 3, said special public prosecutor Pravin Chavan. On October 18, the Supreme Court had rejected Jain's bail plea while asking the special court in Jalgaon to frame charges against him and the other accused.Jain had approached the special judge in Jalgaon on October 3, seeking direction to the authorities to release him on bail under Section 167 (2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) as there was no sanction for his prosecution under Section 197 of CrPC and Section 19 (3) of Prevention of Corruption Act (1988) and that the chargesheet submitted by the investigation officer was not a chargesheet in the eye of the law. \"Hence, he claimed, his detention was illegal and unauthorized and he be released on bail,'' said Chavan. The trial court had rejected his bail application on October 6.Jain approached the Aurangabad bench of the HC on October 9. Opposing the bail plea, Chavan said there \"was no official duty entrusted to Suresh Jain and that he has ceased to be a minister''. He said a housing scheme for the low income group was introduced by the Centre and implemented through Hudco and it was accepted by the Jalgaon Municipal Council (which later became municipal corporation). \"There is no connection of the scheme with the office of the state's housing ministry.''Chavan said the main chargesheet was submitted on April 25, 2012, while a supplementary chargesheet was filed on June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671630", "title": "Manipur rebels supplying arms to Maoists, says NIA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left wing extremists (LWE) had been procuring Chinese arms and communication equipment from banned Manipuri outfit, People's Liberation Army (PLA), via Myanmar and routing it to Kolkata through Guwahati between 2006 and 2011, a supplementary chargesheet filed by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in the CPI (Maoist)-PLA nexus case has revealed.According to the chargesheet, all the communication equipment recovered from Maoists have made-in-China marks, while arms recovered from PLA members too belonged to Chinese brands. It is, however, yet to be established conclusively whether they came from China and were routed via Myanamar or were pilfered out of Myanmar or some other source.The chargesheet has been filed against Maoist leaders Pallab Borborah, Indranil Chanda and PLA's external affairs chief Asem Ibotombi Singh alias Angou, who were all arrested this year from Assam, Kolkata and Odisha, respectively. The accused are alleged have played a significant role in training of Maoists by PLA in Jharkhand's Saranda forests apart from procurement of arms and communication equipment.Earlier, NIA had filed a chargesheet against three top PLA leaders \u00e2\u20ac\u201d N Dilip Singh alias Wangba, Senjam Dhiren Singha alias Raghu and Kh Arnold Singh alias Becon.One of the main evidence against the accused in the chargesheet is the email that PLA members had exchanged among themselves, and their Myanmar-based bosses. The emails exposed the nexus, helping agencies to sniff them out. \"Maoists use very little modern technology. They rely on human couriers. But PLA members regularly wrote e-mails to their bosses in Myanmar. This exposed them,\" said an official privy to the probe.The emails also mentioned aliases of Borborah and Chanda whose real identity was later established following statements of former PLA and Maoist members and are part of the chargesheet.The chargesheet says the nexus was initiated by then PLA external affairs chief Gypsy Sharma in 2006. Later, Becon was appointed as the liaison officer and sent to Kolkata to coordinate the operation, where he met Chanda. However, for the first two years no deal could be struck save for PLA gifting some arms and communication equipment to conduct tests.In 2008, when Wangba replaced Gypsy Sharma in the PLA, he took one CPI (Maoist) central committee member to Myanmar, where Maoists and PLA signed a joint declaration against the Indian state and mooted the idea of forming a United Strategic Front.The first payment to procure arms was made in 2009. A deal was struck to procure arms and communication equipment worth Rs 50 lakh. A total of Rs 33 lakh in three installments was paid before the accused were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672871", "title": "PGI doctor bats for substitutes in cricket", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the number of injuries increasing in cricket due to overload of cricket matches after the onset of T20 era, a forum of physiotherapists and sports medicine specialists from Australia, England and BCCI's honorary consultant in sports medicine and PGI doctor Mandeep Dhillon are set to recommend the International Cricket Council (ICC) to introduce substitutes in first class cricket.This is based on their scientifically researched work published in 'Sport Physio Australia' journal that inferred that one-third of cricketers who play first class cricket suffer with injuries and most of them are pace bowlers. The basis of the findings has been the last 13-year figures from Australia's injury surveillance system.\"We will be making the suggestions to the ICC and disseminating the idea through conferences like the World Congress of Science and Medicine in Cricket,\" said Mandeep Dhillon, head of the orthopaedic department at PGI. However, what will be the formation of a team and other factors depend on the ICC. \"The publication endorses substitutes in batting, bowling and wicket-keeping,\" added Dhillon, who had treated cricket stars like Sri Lanka's Muttiah Muralitharan .The study documents that in season 2010-11, an alarming one in every four fast bowlers in Australian first class cricket was unavailable due to injury and was not able to sustain the duration of domestic season. Between 1998-99 and 2002-03 (prior to the introduction of T20 cricket) the annual overall injury prevalence was less than 10% every year. Since 2006-07, the number of injured players rose by 10% every year and actually reached 15% in 2010-11.The study is entitled as 'Injury data and arguments to support a rule change to allow substitutes in Test and first class cricket'. Those who have recommended the change include Ben Langley, national lead physiotherapist for the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB), Patrick Farhart, physiotherapist for both Sydney Sixers (Australian Big Bash League team) and the Kings XI Punjab (Indian Premier League team), Peter Blanch, sports science and sports medicine manager at Cricket Australia's Centre ofExcellence and Alex Kountouris, physiotherapistof the Australian national team. Advocating the need of substitutes in the sport, experts reason that no one is physically structured to participate in a cricket match which is equivalent to a sprint event (citing bowlers workload in a T20 match) and then follow it up with cricketing activity similar to a marathon (citing bowlers workload in a first class game).And how would a substitute reduce the number of injuries? On this issue the experts feel that the transition can be made easily if a first class or Test match workload was shared among a number of bowlers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17672983", "title": "Golden Temple's Dukh Bhanjan Ber freed of concrete", "text": "AMRITSAR: For the first time, scientists have removed the layers of concrete and marble from around the stem of historical Dukh Bhanjan Ber (Jujube tree) that stands on the banks of holy sarovar (lake) in Golden Temple.The concrete structure had hampered the growth of plant, resulting in dried leaves and wilting stem.Manager, Golden Temple, H S Malhi, told TOI on Tuesday that drying of leaves of the most-revered tree was worrisome. As such, they had sought the help of scientists to take preventive measures to avoid further damage to the tree.According to legend, a leper was miraculously cured by taking a dip in the sarovar near the ber tree and when 4th Sikh master, Guru Ram Das, who had excavated the pond, came to know about the miracle, he named it Dukh Bhanjan (eradicator of sufferings) Ber. There are three historical Bers in Golden Temple -- Ber Baba Budha Sahib, Lachhi Ber and Dukh Bhanjan Ber.Dr Narinder Singh of Punjab Agriculture University said that due to laying of successive layers of concrete, brick and marble around the stem of ber tree, it had weakened and damaged the root zone.The cement structure around the stem had caused considerable damage the root zone as well as stem of Dukh Bhanjan Ber, he said, adding that it should be at the earth level.He informed that he had got all the cement structures, including marble, removed from around the stem and filled it with soil, which would strengthen the root zone as well as stem. He also advised that devotees should avoid touching the ber trees with ghee-smudged hands and should also not put flowers or garlands since they attract insects during decomposition, which causes further damage to the plant.Malhi said that they would erect a glass wall around the stem to prevent devotees from touching the plant and placing flowers, garlands, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17672470", "title": "No surprises at RWITC polls", "text": "MUMBAI: The elections for the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC)'s managing committee and board of appeal for the year 2012-13 went on expected lines at the Mahalaxmi racecourse, on Tuesday.While the nine sitting members of the previous committee got the voters' nod, Vivek Jain emerged as the most popular among the voters for the ninth-time in the last decade with 863 votes.And as expected, Khushroo Dhunjibhoy managed to wrest the coveted post of chairman later in the committee room roping in five members' support in the nine member body.As predicted by TOI, fresh face Asif Lampwalla got nominated to the board of appeal with 623 votes out of the 1038 valid votes while Byram Jeejeebhoy got 579 votes to get elected to the body again.The new managing committee: Vivek Jain 824 votes; Champaklal Zaveri 760; Jaydev Mody 678; Shashi Chand Jain 605; Geoffrey Nagpal 587; Shyam Ruia 577; KN Dhunjibhoy 567; Ram Shroff 564; Shivlal Daga 494. Those who lost: Maj. SK Lamba 310 and Dhiraz Oza 93.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17672311", "title": "Cylinder blast leaves eleven families homeless", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Over 11 families residing on Kotha Venkojipalem hill top lost the roofs over their heads and property worth Rs 10 lakh was destroyed when seven hutments were gutted in a fire accident caused by a gas cylinder blast on Tuesday evening.According to sources, those affected by the fire were squatters who lived in thatched hutments right on top of the hill at Kotha Venkojipalem. Luckily no one was injured in the blast, which took place at around 5.30 pm, or the subsequent fire as none of the residents of the hutments were around at the time of the accident.Sources at the fire emergency services department said that though they had responded to the call immediately they could not contain the fire properly because the hutments were right on top of the hill.With a number of permanent structures at the foot of the hill, it was virtually impossible for them to reach the hill top quickly. The fire had engulfed all the thatched sheds and reduced them to ashes by the time they reached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671882", "title": "Asking for directions to the directors", "text": "NAGPUR: The whiff of a story is enough to energize any reporter, including me, of course. So, the whiff that we got in October of 2012, regarding irregularities in companies and investments made by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , galvanized into action almost all reporters in town. Even as we all dug for more information at a feverish pace, the thought at the top of my mind always was getting some different information.Gadkari was a big personality with a very clean image, so no one had even thought about looking into his affairs. But Gadkari made a mistake by refusing to help Anjali Damania, who then approached India Against Corruption ( IAC) and went public with allegations of irregularities by Gadkari too.It was not long before we had dug up documentary evidence linking Gadkari directly to the Purti Power and Sugar Limited. His mistake was to get four persons named as directors of the 16 companies controlling most of the shares of Purti. We understood that these four were the key to opening the cupboards from where many skeletons would tumble out.All the four were very close to Gadkari, and it took a bit of probing before we got their home addresses. Later, two more directors were traced. I visited one of these directors, who was employed at a bakery unit run by the Purti group, spoke to him, and a story was printed the next day.As soon as the report appeared in print, the state and national media went after the foursome, who promptly went underground. The media thronged the registered addresses of the four, but could no longer trace anyone. The narrow bylanes of Mahal and Itwari became a huge maze for mediapersons. Suspecting some of these four were at Gadkari's wada, many from the electronic media camped outside the Gadkari residence at Mahal for at least a couple of days.The highlight of the drama came when a lady reporter from a leading news channel landed up at the house of the bakery employee early in the morning, to catch him before he left the house. She was shocked to learn he had already left home for the day. Not convinced, she entered the house anyway and called me up. To ensure the two were not the persons she was looking for, she gave their description on phone. Unfortunately, she did not find the person she was looking for. In fact, none of the four have been caught on film even now.Interestingly, the registered address of one of the four was found to be fake, just like the fake addresses of the shell companies. After the media interest had waned, we came across the correct address of the person during the investigation in another case. The residence of the person was registered as the property of one of the shell companies! Thus, the circle around Gadkari was complete.(The stocky Anjaya Anparthi took stock of all the stocks owned by the Gadkari family in the Purti group)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17672909", "title": "Physicists say they found 2 Higgs boson", "text": "LONDON: Scientists studying data from the Large Hadron Collider who announced the possible discovery of the 'God particle' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Higgs boson \u00e2\u20ac\u201d now say they may have actually found not one, but two previously unknown particles. The most recent release from the Atlas experiment at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (Cern) showed the scientists seem to have found one Higgs boson with one mass, and then another with a statistically significant slightly higher mass, the 'Daily Mail' reported.There seems to be one version of Higgs boson with a mass of 123.5 gigaelectron volts (the unit particle physicists prefer using to measure mass) and a second Higgs with a mass of 126.6 GeV.First proposed in 1964, the Higgs boson is the last missing piece of the Standard Model, a widely accepted theory that describes the basic building blocks of the universe. According to that model of our world, the Higgs particle must exist to bestow mass on other fundamental particles. However, until it was possible to build high-powered colliders like the LHC, it has been impossible to detect.Researchers at Cern in July announced that they believed their experiments had finally revealed the Higgs, but their findings may have been far from definite, the paper said. The Higgs they found appeared to show that the Higgs seemed to be decaying into two photons more often than they had expected \u00e2\u20ac\u201d hinting at a new, as yet unimagined physics.Now, scientists with the project's Atlas experiment have finally admitted the bizarre revelations from their data \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that there appears to be not one Higgs' boson signal, but two, the paper quoted 'Scientific American' as saying. Scientific American also reported that the Atlas team has spent the past month trying to find out whether it had made a mistake in their analysis. They have so far found none, raising the possibility that there may indeed be two Higgs bosons.The anomalous result could of course still have been caused be a statistical blip that is not repeated as further data is collected , but there are certain versions of the Standard Model that predict the existence of multiple Higgs particles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674966", "title": "After Arjun it's Arvind Swami", "text": "After a short gap, the sensational Arvind Samy is returning to big screen with Mani Ratnam's Kadal. The film has Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair in the lead. Earlier the looks of the lead pair and action king Arjun were revealed and now it's that of Arvind Swami.Today's newspapers carry the mug-shot of Aravind Swamy. An emotionally moved Arvind Swami tweeted \"I have tears in my eyes. Thank you all for the love.\" AR Rahman's music of Kadal which has just hit the stores is a runaway chartbuster. Music lovers say it is ARR's best in recent times.Thulasi, younger daughter of yesteryear actress Radha, is making her debut with this film, which is teenage love story set in the backdrop of a fishing village. Thulasi is paired opposite Gautham Karthik, son of yesteryear actor Karthik who is also making his debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672606", "title": "Footboard traveller, 27, falls off on flyover, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 27-year-old man, who fell off the footboard of a moving MTC bus atop the Royapettah flyover on Monday, died of injuries at the Government Royapettah Hospital on Tuesday morning.Police said Deenadayalan, a resident of Abhiramapuram, had boarded the bus No 21 plying from Parry's to Mandaveli. The bus was not crowded but a few commuters stood on the footboard. Conductor Keerthivasan later told police he had urged those on the footboard to come inside but that they did not listen to his pleas.As the bus was climbing the Royapettah-Mylapore flyover, driver Ravi suddenly swerved to the left to avoid another bus coming right in front of it. There was a sharp jerk and Deenadayalan, who was standing on the footboard, lost balance and fell down. He rolled on the ground, slipped through the wall of the flyover, hung on to an overhead cable before losing his grip. He fell with a loud thud on to Radhakrishnan Salai where several vehicles had stopped at a traffic signal. Traffic was blocked on the busy stretch for a while as police were busy moving Deenadayalan to the Royapettah Government hospital where he died on Tuesday.The city police have been carrying out regular campaigns against travelling on the footboard of buses, but hundreds of people, mainly college and school students, continue to travel in such dangerous fashion.According to police statistics, jsut this year, there were several accidents involving people travelling on the footboard of buses and 17 people died and 51 were injured. Statistics also show a sharp decline in the number of footboard deaths since the introduction of automatic doors in MTC buses in 2007.These buses were bought with funds received under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. However, with bad maintenance of the buses, the number of these deaths are again on the rise. Four school children, while travelling on the footboard of an MTC bus, were killed when a lorry smashed into the bus at Kanthanchavadi on Old Mahabalipuram Road on December 10. The city needs at least 5,000 buses for its estimated 48 lakh commuters, but has only 3,611, of which as many as 960 may be under repair at any given time. Recently, 675 buses were added to the MTC fleet but even they are not enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17671332", "title": "Enough talk, let's make women safe", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17671560", "title": "Uninor to shut ops in Tamil Nadu from Jan 19", "text": "CHENNAI: Following Supreme Court's order, Uninor has informed its subscribers that it will be ceasing operations in Tamil Nadu (including Chennai circle). Supreme Court had passed an order on February 2, 2012 quashing the Unified Access Services (UAS) license issued to Unitech Wireless (Tamil Nadu) Pvt Ltd. The ceasing of operations will become effective after midnight of January 18, 2013.The company has advised its subscribers \"to exhaust their balance and other benefits and port out to a mobile operator of their choice by 18th January 2013.\" The company had said in a statement that \"with no new 1800 MHz spectrum auctions being indicated by the authorities and 900 MHz spectrum to also likely not be available to auction winners in 2013\" it will be stopping operations in both Tamil Nadu and West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17670375", "title": "Wife, brother hid 38-year-old man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body for a day", "text": "KALYAN: Investigations have revealed that the body of the 38-year-old man, Majaj, who was murdered by his wife, Fatima Dhuru (30), and brother, Parvez Dhuru (48), was kept in a room for an entire day as the killers could not decide where to dump the body.On Tuesday, Fatima and Parvez were produced before a Kalyan court and remanded in police custody till December 21.According to the police, Fatima and Parvez, who were having an illicit relationship, killed Majaj for a property, which was in the name of the deceased.On the night of December 10, the two accused killed Majaj by hitting him with a hard object. On the night of December 11, when Fatima's children went off to sleep, the accused chopped Majaj's body into 11 pieces and stuffed them in a gunny bag. The two then dumped the gunny bag in a gutter in Titwala, 12 km away from their house in Kalyan's Dhudhnaka area.The police have seized one of the knives used to chop the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670181", "title": "MLA hubby booked afresh for extortion", "text": "PATNA: Former JD-U MLA Munna Shukla, who is currently lodged in Muzaffarpur Central Jail, has once again been accused of demanding Rs 2 crore rangdari (extortion) from the director of a private engineering college at Bhagwanpur in Vaishali district.The institute director on Tuesday lodged an FIR with Bhagwanpur police station on Tuesday. Munna's wife Annu Shukla is the JD-U MLA from Lalganj.Vaishali SDPO (Sadar) Kailash Prasad said the director of Patna Saheb College of Engineering, Bhagwanpur, Sant Lal Yadav on Monday handed over a petition to Vaishali SP Upendra Kumar Sinha alleging that he had received a call on his cellphone on Sunday and the caller identified himself as Munna Shukla.He said the caller demanded Rs 2 crore rangdari from him.The SDPO said the local police went through the call records of the said cellphone number and traced the tower location in Muzaffarpur town. The phone number was registered in the name of Mahesh Pandey, House No. 5, Lalganj.He said Yadav had also lodged an FIR with the Bhagwanpur police station against Munna before the JD-U's Adhikar Rally on November 4. He had accused Shukla of demanding Rs 7 crore rangdari for the rally. The SDPO said the Muzaffarpur police had recovered the cellphone from Shukla's cell in Muzaffarpur jail.He said 40 sim cards were used in the seized cellphone but the sim from which the call was made to Yadav was not used in that cellphone. He said the ADG, Gupteshwar Pandey, had himself reviewed the case and investigation was still going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673023", "title": "Runaway student-tutor duo caught", "text": "LUCKNOW: The minor student and his lady tutor who had eloped on December 12 were found by Chowk police on Tuesday noon. The parents of the duo have taken their complaints back and the boy and the girl were sent back with their parents after counseling, confirmed I P Singh, in charge of Chowk police station. The two maintained they had gone to eastern UP together on a break.The 14 years old boy, had allegedly eloped with his 22 years old lady tutor, on Wednesday night. Both are residents of Chowk area. While the girl is from a modest background, the boy's family is well-heeled residing in an apartment.The police found out the two had eloped from Lucknow and had gone towards eastern UP. They were caught by police in the city on Tuesday with the help of locations of their mobile phones. The parents were informed by the police and the case registered against IPC section 364 was withdrawn subsequently.In the said incident the Class IX student of Thakurganj branch of a leading school chain, allegedly ran away with his tutor, a BCom final year student on December 12. The girl was teaching commerce to Rishi at the latter's residence in the old city area for the past eight months.The police had recovered a note from Rishi's home in which he had urged his parents not to worry and that in next 4-5 years he would come back as an IPS officer. Rishi had also picked up his father's ATM card and withdrawn Rs 11,000 from his father's bank account on the day of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17673287", "title": "Education meet on admission software yields no result", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A meeting called by the state education department to decide the continuation of the existing Saras 2 software for random admission to schools in the new academic year (2013-14) ended without any result on Tuesday.The two-hour long meeting convened by the East Singhbhum district superintendent of education (DSE) witnessed acrimonies scenes with majority of the principals of the unaided English medium schools reportedly leaving the meeting in a huff. The principals were annoyed over what they call \"third party\" intervention into the right to education matter which they believe is an issue predominantly between the schools and the government in ensuring free, fair and compulsory education to the economically weaker section students under the RTE Act of 2009.\"It would be incorrect to say that the principals left the meeting in a huff. The principals were not happy with the idea of tampering with or replacing the existing software just to satisfy a few parents, so they lodged their protest with the education officer and left for their work,\" said a senior member of the Jamshedpur chapter of the Jharkhand Unaided Private English Medium Schools who was present at the meeting.According to a Missionary school principal, the prerogative of deciding the mode of random admission rests with the respective schools, therefore the whole debate on whether to continue with Saras software or not is immaterial.The Jamshedpur Parents' Association, which has been vociferously calling for replacing the existing non-transparent software, and the outfit being described as third party by the schoolsis, however, satisfied with the response of the education superintendent. \"In the meeting, we made a live demonstration of the Saras software and displayed the loopholes to the government officials and the school principals. In particular, the existing demerits in the software that are (allegedly) exploited by the schools clandestinely to suit their requirements were briefed to the DSE by our IT expert,\" said Umesh, an RTE activist.The education department had to convene the meeting following the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) direction to the state education department asking for probe into the complaints regarding the shortcomings in the Saras software.\"The deliberations of the meeting will be brought to the knowledge of the deputy commissioner and we will wait for her directions further,\" DSE Indu Bhusan Singh said after the meeting.The principals of over 20 English medium schools and two administrators APR Nair and Beli Bodhanwala were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671665", "title": "Now, Rashtrapati Bhavan open to public on Sundays too", "text": "NEW DELHI: After opening the 'Change of Guard' ceremony for visitors on a weekly basis, the President's office plans to introduce a series of initiatives to allow greater access to the Rashtrapati Bhavan. From January 1, visitors will be allowed to the Rashtrapati Bhavan on Sunday, with an increase in the number of hours and an online system of registration.Keeping in view that a large number of visitors flocking to see the Rashtrapati Bhavan on Fridays and Saturdays, the President's office has now decided to allow visitors on Sundays also. The move is in keeping with President Pranab Mukherjee's concern that the Rashtrapati Bhavan should be accessible and open for the common man.Earlier the Bhavan was open for tours on Mondays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays. This has been changed to weekend \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays. ``We have an average of 200 visitors at the Rashtrapati Bhavan daily and this rises to a significant number of Saturdays. It was felt that larger number of people will be able to visit the Bhavan on Sundays,'' said Venu Rajamony, press secretary to the President.In another effort to facilitate visitors, the President's office plans to make the registration process online. Permission is given to people on the basis of a letter written to the deputy military secretary. The process will remain the same but those interested in visiting the Rashtrapati Bhavan can register online from January onwards. The timings of the tour have also been extended from two hours in the morning and evening to an extended time of 9am to 4pm.Officials also hope to include more areas in the popular tour like the library that has recently been renovated.Times ViewThe decision to allow the public into the Rashtrapati Bhavan premises on Sunday as well is another welcome step in the direction of democratising the place. For far too long, the complex that houses the President has been treated as if it were some monarch's residence. That was hardly in keeping with India's democratic ethos. The current incumbent, Pranab Mukherjee , is clearly not comfortable with much of the pomp and ceremony that smacks of a feudal or colonial order and it is nice to see him unravelling much of it and demystifying his office and the complex that contains it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672793", "title": "Child abuse victim moved out of Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Five-year-old Arya (name changed) who was sexually abused by the cleaner of her schoolbus in a campus toilet has been deeply scarred to live anymore in the city. The child has shifted out of Bangalore on the advice of psychiatrists who said it is the only way she will be able to put the traumatic experience behind her.The child was playing in the school ground when the cleaner took her to the campus toilet and abused her. Arya told psychiatrists during counselling that she just doesn't want to remember the school ground or the bathroom.After a few questions, the psychiatrists concluded that it is better for the child to be shifted out of the city. The doctors then advised the family to leave Bangalore.According to a close family member, the girl wished to continue her education. \"But we didn't want to send her to same school again. It is natural that she will be treated in a strange manner. That will only hurt her more,\" he said.Family sources said the victim has moved to Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh.\"The mother was told that it is better the girl moves out of the city, grows in a different environment and forgets the traumatic past. For some months, she will play at home. She will rejoin school in the next academic year,\" family sources said.The sad storyArya (name changed), was an LKG student of St Sophia School, Nagarbhavi. On December 3, she was playing in the school ground when bus attendant Sabanna took her to the campus toilet and sexually abused her. The girl was in tears when she returned home. The mother took the child to a doctor where it was revealed that the girl had been sexually assaulted. Sabanna was arrested the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672794", "title": "Are we teachers or clerks?", "text": "BANGALORE: It was the second time in the week that Kritika (name changed) came home late, while her 12-year-old daughter waited anxiously. \"You don't have time for me now. You have stopped smiling too,\" remarked the child the moment Kritika stepped in. Feeling guilty, Kritika took her daughter out for an ice cream, but knew that this might be repeated any day soon.Thanks to CCE, Kritika's work schedule has gone haywire. Working at a reputed city school and teaching French to senior classes, Kritika's day begins at 8am and many a time, gets over only by 5pm. '' There is no doubt that the system is child-centric , but it is a lot of clerical work for us,'' says Kritika, who has started working till late night to balance her family and work.Kritika is just one of the thousands of CBSE teachers in the city.Assessment on a regular basis under the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) has increased the teachers ' workload. It's been three years since the scheme has been introduced, but teachers still seem to be grappling with the process. While some find the task cumbersome , others say they are burnt out.Says Mansoor Ali Khan, board member of Delhi Public School: \"The amount of work for teachers has definitely gone up by 25% to 30%. Each child has to be evaluated on 60 parameters . When CCE was introduced , it was a Herculean task as everything had to be done manually. Although the process has become less cumbersome , the workload has increased.\"However, there are some who have taken it in their stride. \"There is definitely more work for teachers now, but CBSE has given us a free hand. Teachers are free to choose projects and it is the school's responsibility to make it attractive for kids,\" says Lata Mathew, principal, Dev Mata Central School.According to Rama Ranganathan , principal, National Hill View Public School: \"CCE gives a holistic pattern for judging a child. It also helps teachers improve their work. In our school, it was implemented till class VIII. Now, it has been extended till class X.What is CCE?CBSE introduced the scheme in its affiliated schools in 2009 to assess students on a continuous basis in a cyclical manner Involves activities like collaborating project and research work in groups and balancing scholastic and co-scholastic areas like life skills and values Gives a platform for schools' continuous interaction with parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671217", "title": "High court orders reinstatement of college ex-professor of Siddharth Law College", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that principles of natural justice were not followed, the Bombay high court on Tuesday directed the reinstatement of Chitra Salunkhe, former vice-principal of Siddharth Law College with payment of arrears.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode set aside a single judge's order which had upheld Salunkhe's dismissal for submitting a fake degree certificate. The judges have stayed their order for eight weeks to enable the college to appeal in the Supreme Court. The detailed order was not available for viewing on Tuesday evening.In 2007, then principal A K Inamdar had moved the high court alleging that Salunkhe had obtained a fake bachelor of arts (BA) degree from Kakatia University in Warangal, Andhra Pradesh, in 1988-89. Inamdar said she used this to get admission to Mumbai University's law courses and after obtaining her bachelor and masters degrees in law, she joined as lecturer at Siddharth Law College. Salunkhe was suspended by the college on October 2007 and dismissed in May 2009. Salunkhe challenged her dismissal right up to the high court. Justice S C Dharmadhikari on January 17, 2011, upheld her removal order.Salunkhe's challenged this order, saying that she was harassed for exposing an examination malpractice in March 2005 by senior IPS officer K L Bishnoi, who also took up the inquiry into her fake BA degree. She contended that no proper opportunity of hearing was given to her in the probe conducted by the college. The judges said if the college feels, it may order a fresh probe.On November 5, 2012, the court was informed that the People Education Society, the trust which runs the college, is willing to tender its apology for the harassment caused to Salunkhe and is ready to reinstate her as a lecturer. On Nov 19, 2012, another faction led by RPI leader Ramdas Athawale\u00e2\u20ac\u201dclaiming to be the \"real management''\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsaid it is opposed to Salunkhe's reinstatement. The judges on Tuesday said they are unconcerned about who the real management is far as Salunkhe's case is concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673186", "title": "30 new clubs to create AIDS awareness among youth", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state aids control society (GSACS) has plans to form 30 new red ribbon clubs (RRC) in the state to create awareness among youth and reduce new HIV infections.The RRC is a voluntary on-campus intervention program for students in educational institutions. Jeunesse Fernandes, consultant youth affairs, in-charge RRCs, said they target youth in the age group of 15-29 years covering all educational institutions. Youth in non-academic areas such as art colleges and such other institutions are also covered. The RRCs are being constituted since 2007, and since then 116 such clubs have been formed.A GSACS study shows that 82% of the cases detected in Goa during 2011 belong to the age group of 15-49 years. It also shows that sexual route is the predominant mode of transmission in the range of 83% to 96% followed by perinatal 4% to 7.6%. Transmission through blood and blood products and infected syringes and needles is negligible.The basic objectives of the RRCs, the consultant youth affairs said, is to bring down risk perception through awareness of sex, sexuality, HIV and AIDs. It also encourages the youth to help and support people living with HIV/AIDS , thereby reducing the stigma and discrimination against them.\"Each RRC conducts awareness programmes in their respective institution and areas,\" she added. Pamphelts, brochures, and related information education communication (IEC) material is distributed before and during the inauguration of RRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17673120", "title": "Usmani for road development in state", "text": "Chief secretary Jawed Usmani said a work plan be formulated for planned development of land near state highways so that in coming years, along with organised development, roads could also be built for smooth movement. He said the state government had formulated a plan to link all district headquarters with state headquarters with four-lane roads in the next five years. He said 2500 kms of roads would be constructed at a cost of Rs 24,000 crore.Bankers' protest: Members of the National Union of Bank Employees staged a sit-in at the main branch of Indian Overseas Bank , Vidhan Sabha Marg here on Tuesday to press their demands. Ugrasen Prasad Dubey, assistant general secretary of All India Overseas Bank Employees' Union (AIOBEU), Lucknow Region alleged the government was planning to introduce several changes in the guise of reforms and liberalisation of the banking sector which would result in privatisation and outsourcing to a great extent which was not in the interest of the bank employees.CMD's visit: Shubhalaxmi Panse, chairperson and managing director of Allahabad Bank , will be visiting Lucknow on December 19. During her two-day stay in the state capital, she will interact with the branch heads and staff of members of Lucknow zone of Allahabad Bank. Besides meeting government officials and local clients, she will preside over a credit camp to be held at Mal village on December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17672747", "title": "Baloda Bazaar district loot case cracked, seven held", "text": "RAIPUR: Police on Tuesday arrested seven persons for their alleged involvement in loot committed in Baloda bazaar district and recovered cash, mobile, motor-bike and camera from their possession.The accused had allegedly looted a cameraman in Baloda Bazaar district when he was on his way to Kharora on motor-bike on December 6. The accused intercepted his way by throwing chilly powder in his eyes. This threw the cameraperson off balance and the accused fled with all his belongings.In another breakthrough, the police arrested five persons for their role in theft of copper wire. Police said the five accused were caught with 300 kg of copper wire they stole from Siltara. Apart from this, two motor-bikes were also found from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17672171", "title": "Meet on conflict management opens at Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith", "text": "VARANASI: The two-day seminar on 'Conflict management, peace economics and peace science', organised by the Sociology department of the Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith ( MGKV), began on Tuesday. Addressing the inaugural session, Prof Manas Chatterjee of the Binghamton University, US, said that peace, science and management should be developed as independent disciplines.Holding modern civilization responsible for growing violence and arm race, he said that the money spent on the tools of violence should be diverted for the welfare of humanity. The academic world should come forward to establish peace across the globe, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670887", "title": "Plan to have CCTV on buses pending", "text": "NEW DELHI: The gang rape of a 23-year-old on a moving bus has blown to bits the claims of Delhi government to build a safe city for women through its women's safety programmes announced and launched with much fanfare over the last few years.It turns out that the much-publicized plan of the state to equip DTC buses with CCTV cameras has turned out to be a damp squib and authorities have woken up to the realization that there are technical problems and that the cameras in a moving vehicle cannot record data precisely.Delhi's social welfare and women and child development minister Kiran Walia now plans to meet officials and agencies involved to find a solution to the problem.Meanwhile, chief minister Sheila Dikshit tried to soothe angry Delhiites assuring that an awareness campaign will take off soon to create an atmosphere of safety for women. When reminded that the ambitious programmes regarding installation of CCTVs had not taken off and how the 'Awaaz Uthao' campaign launched last year at a public function was not effective, the Delhi CM said she will revive the awareness campaign.In 2010, TOI reported that Delhi government planned to put up stickers with helpline numbers for women and a warning that sexual harassment is a crime in buses, taxis and auto-rickshaws. The closed-circuit cameras in DTC buses are yet to become a reality. The stickers, too, have not been put up.The measures had been proposed as part of a 'Safe Delhi' initiative of the state government in collaboration with UNIFEM , UN Habitat and NGO Jagori to make the city safe and accessible for women and other vulnerable groups.In March 2011, on a day when the murder of a college student by a youth in the Dhaula Kuan area shocked the city, chief minister Sheila Dikshit had launched a pilot project putting her trust in the local community to make women's safety a reality in the city under the banner of Awaaz Uthao. The aim was to make collectives that will draw members from within the community who will build awareness, address and act as a link with agencies concerned for safety of girls and women.The pilot project that has been functional from the beginning of 2012 has grown to have 62 collectives in 15 areas of Delhi so far. Being executed by the state's Mission Convergence, it proposes to add another 40 collectives this year. However, the momentum of constitution of these collectives is learnt to have got delayed as the Mission got engaged in preparations for the enrollment and launch of the Dikshit government's ambitious cash-for-food scheme called the Dilli Annshree Yojana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670782", "title": "ASEAN summit in Delhi to trigger snarls this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brace for major traffic snarls due to VVIP movement this week, with 10 heads of state from different countries due to arrive in Delhi for the India-Association of Southeast Asian Nations (India-ASEAN) summit.With the dignitaries living in different hotels in the south and New Delhi areas, there will be several VVIP movements every day from December 19-21, all weekdays. A car rally, which is part of the summit, will add to the snarls.Delhi hasn't had so many heads of state visiting the capital at the same time in the past several years. As VVIP movement timings will not be available to public in advance, except avoiding these routes altogether, regular commuters won't have much of an option to escape snarls.Though cops were unwilling to say how much traffic congestion was expected during these days, sources said that if you were caught in one of the roads near the VVIP movement, traffic might be stopped for as much as 30 minutes at a stretch. Protocol insists that strict security measures be in place for the facilitation of such VVIPs which is a time-consuming procedure. Traffic police has advised commuters to completely avoid the area from Sardar Patel Marg to Lodhi Road on Thursday and Friday.\"We will make extensive preparation for minimum dislocation,\" assured joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Most of the VVIP movement will be from different hotels in central and south Delhi to Rashtrapati Bhawan, Vigyan Bhawan and the venue of the summit at Sardar Patel Marg. Apart from the summit programmes on Thursday and Friday, there will be bilateral meetings between visiting VVIPs and the Indian Prime Minister as well as sightseeing trips by the visiting VVIPs, said traffic police.While Sardar Patel Marg between Dhaula Kuan and Panchsheel Marg would remain closed on Thursday from 3-7.30pm, it will be again closed between 11.30am and 2.30pm on Friday. Similarly, Maulana Azad Road between Janpath and Mansingh Road would be closed from 6am to 12.30pm on Friday for the car rally, said traffic cops.Cops have advised commuters to bypass the route where VVIP movements will take place and instead go via Ring Road from Dhaula Kuan to AIIMS, Aurobindo Marg, Lodhi Road, Mathura Road, Purana Qila Road, India Gate C-Hexagon, Ashok Road, Baba Kharak Singh Marg, Park Street, Shankar Road roundabout and Upper Ridge Road up to Dhaula Kuan.The schedule of the summit includes a car rally in Vigyan Bhawan on December 20, a Thursday. The rally will be followed by the India-ASEAN conference on December 21, which is a Friday. Most of the dignitaries will leave on the same day, creating jams on the airport route in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670834", "title": "Boy complains of headache, jumps off school building", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 17-year-old boy allegedly committed suicide by jumping from the terrace of his school building in Dwarka area of southwest Delhi on Tuesday morning. The boy studied in Class XI.Police said they did not recover any suicide note from the spot and were trying to find the exact reason for the suicide.Prima facie, the boy was depressed as he had not fared well in the last semester. Police said they were also probing if a one-sided relationship had acted as a trigger.The incident was reported around 10.30am. Police said the boy had complained of a headache and had asked permission to go to the medical room. His teacher told him to wait till lunch break but he insisted on taking medication.The teacher allowed him to leave but he went to the terrace on the fourth floor and jumped off, a senior police officer said.The school staff heard a loud thud and rushed to see what had happened. They saw his body lying in a pool of blood.The school authorities informed the police. The boy was rushed to the hospital for treatment but was declared brought dead.Hospital authorities said the boy had bled profusely and had sustained multiple head injuries and hurt other parts, including his limbs.The boy's father, who is a head constable with Delhi Police, told the investigating officers that his son was upset with his performance in his last semester and that the result came out two weeks back. He had then started to keep to himself.\"The boy's family does not suspect any foul play. They said the family was supportive and had encouraged him to score well in future.\"They never scolded or pressured him. Sometimes students are teased by their classmates. We are questioning his friends and the school staff to get a clear picture. An inquiry has been ordered,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671798", "title": "Now, Mamata heads for Mumbai to woo investors", "text": "KOLKATA: After Delhi, the Mamata Banerjee government is planning to hold a meeting with the business honchos in Mumbai, the country's financial capital.\"We have plans to go to Mumbai for another meeting. A date will be fixed soon,\" state industries minister Partha Chatterjee said at the Writers' Buildings after returning from Delhi on Tuesday.Chatterjee said that the perception on Bengal has changed and investment proposals have come in the sectors of cement, power and manufacturing. \"Many of the industrialists have shown interest in tourism and infrastructure. There are proposed cement factory projects in places like Salboni and Asansol,\" the minister said, adding that a plot of about 60 acres at Malda, that was taken by a leading industry conglomerate back in 2008-09, is still lying idle and talks are on the issue.According to Chatterjee, said that the industrialists have mentioned about the need to speed up to set up infrastructure and thatthe government wants to expand the industrial areas in the state. \"The best place for industrial expansion is Haldia, given that the Centre's embargo has been withdrawn. Dankuni and its surrounding areas and some parts of Howrah, Kulti, Falta, Raniganj belt, West Midnapore and Bankura also have good potential,\" he said.The state has made it clear that it would not acquire land further, but industrialists can come forward and buy land themselves. Chatterjee had earlier said one of the two plants of ACC Cement at Sankrail and Bandel was ready for inauguration and Texmaco, too, have expressed interest in setting up a food processing unit at Sankrail.He had also said that Essar Oil , that already has two projects here, wanted to set up their third coal bed methane (CBD) project at Asansol with an investment of Rs 5,200 crore.The industrial subcommittee was looking into all industrial proposals. Chatterjee had also said that the government had already cleared 222 proposals with an investment of over Rs 1 lakh crore in several districts in the last one-and-a-half years.Following the meeting with industrialists at Delhi, the Mamata Banerjee government now plans to hold another round of meeting with industrialists, this time at Mumbai in an attempt to bring in more investment proposals for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673259", "title": "Residents relieved after Shiv Sena vacated Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena would have stood to lose among Dadar voters had it insisted on a permanent memorial to Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park. But residents were relieved on Tuesday as the Sena changed its stance and vacated the site after a month. The party is now veering towards construction of a memorial in the vicinity of Shivaji Park and not on the historic ground itself.The Sena lost control of Dadar, a traditional bastion, to the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in the civic elections. The MNS won all seven wards in the Dadar-Mahim constituency.\"Shivaji Park is an open space meant for the public and has been the cradle ground for cricket. Demanding a memorial on this ground would cost the Sena heavily in the elections. As it is, the party this year lost Dadar, which had been a Sena stronghold for decades,\" said a resident.As controversy raged over a memorial at Shivaji Park, some residents even contemplated moving court to preserve their open space, also declared a 'Silence Zone'. \"The area falls under Coastal Regulatory Zone III and is where budding cricketers practise everyday,\" said a resident.However, the Sena's climbdown came as a relief. \"Uddhav has taken the right decision in public interest, despite internal pressure from his party colleagues. His stand needs to be duly appreciated. The Greater Mumbai crusade for keeping open spaces free of any built structures has got a boost because of a sensible decision taken by the Shiv Sena,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17671940", "title": "President honours IAF in Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a proud moment for the members of 25 and 33 squadrons of the Indian Air Force, when President Pranab Mukherjee honoured the flying units with the President's Standard for their exemplary service to the nation, both in war and peace, during its 50 years of service, in Coimbatore on Tuesday. The squadrons, comprising close to 70 air warriors and headed by Wing Commander V Shukla, enjoyed their moment of glory, as AN32 and Dornier aircrafts flew past in a V formation, followed by the Sarang helicopters.The president, who arrived at the Sulur air station at 9.30 am, examined the squadrons. Subsequently, he bestowed the President's Standard to squadron leaders Captain G S Matharu and Captain M B Aserkar respectively. The prestigious honour's physical manifestation comprises a flag, made of the finest Indian hand spun silk, and anchored by a seven-foot wooden staff made of seasoned ash wood. A gold plated metal crust with four Ashoka lions mounted on two Himalayan Eagles forms the head of the staff.Addressing the air warriors, the president said they were part of a force that could be deployed at any time to protect the sovereignty of the country and provide effective deterrence, which is the cornerstone of India's defense policy.\"India stands for peace and its foreign policy is focused on the achievement of this objective. Therefore, effective deterrence is the cornerstone of our defense policy. But effective deterrence requires the maintenance of a force that can be called upon at any time, to secure the sovereignty of our nation. Our armed forces symbolize this capability,\" he said.Lauding the role of the Indian Air Force, the President said it has not only safeguarded the sovereignty of the country but also been able to provide humanitarian assistance during disasters both within and outside the nation. \"I recall the IAF had flown relief supplies in 2005 to the U.S. when Hurricane Katrina had struck New Orleans . In 2008, it flew relief supplies to earthquake-hit South West Province of Sichuan in China,\" he said.The Air Forces of some of the most advanced nations have also marvelled at the technical and tactical capability of our men and women. This has been achieved through a disciplined and strenuous training regime.The President also recalled the role played by both the squadrons during the 1965 and 1971 wars, airlifting critical supplies for the troops in the face of extreme adversities. \"They have lived up to their motto, 'excellence through diligence,' he said.He later inaugurated the covering envelope, squadron brochure and signed the souvenir. Subsequently, the President and the audience were privy to a fascinating rifle drill performed by air warriors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672299", "title": "Allahabad Junction to get a facelift: Railway minister", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Keeping in mind the historical, religious, cultural, educational and political importance of the city, Allahabad junction will be developed as a railway station of national level, said Union railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal while addressing Congress workers at a function organised here on Tuesday. Assuring to expedite the proposal related to construction of a railway overbridge at Rambagh and Naini railway crossing, the minister said the matter is under consideration with the railway ministry.Welcoming the minister, City Congress president Shyam Krishna Pandey said after a gap of 22 years a Union Cabinet minister had visited the party office here.Meanwhile, a delegation of party workers led by Congress MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh met the minister and handed over a memorandum demanding construction of flyovers at Rambagh railway crossing and at other areas where similar proposals have been sent.Party leaders Abhay Awasthi, Kishore Varshney, and Jawed Urfi demanded that weekly Duronto express trains running between Allahabad and Delhi and Allahabad to Mumbai should run on a daily basis. Besides, Shatabdi Express running between Kanpur to Delhi should be extended upto Allahabad.Another leader Parvez Akhtar Ansari drew the attention of the minister towards presence of illegal vendors at Allahabad junction involved in selling tobacco and other related products. Congress leader Tariq Saed demanded renovation of Bamrauli and Subedargunj railway stations.Earlier, the minister was welcomed by partymen including district president Anil Dwivedi and others. The minister also visited the famous mazaar near railway station. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673176", "title": "Start 3 hours before match begins: Organisers", "text": "PUNE: Visitors to the India-England T20 match at the Gahunje stadium on December 20 have been asked to leave their houses at least three hours before the match starts.A joint press conference was organised on Tuesday by the Pune rural police, the Maharashtra Cricket Association (MCA) and the Pune traffic department. Manoj Lohiya, superintendent of police (Pune rural), said, \"Over 500 policemen will be deployed to monitor security at the Subroto Roy Sahara stadium. If spectators spot anything suspicious, they must immediately contact the police.\"Traffic routes have also been chalked out. Vishwas Pandhre, DCP (traffic) said, \"Four-wheelers coming from Pune should take the service road before the Kivle bridge on the expressway. All two-wheelers should take national highway number 4 through Mamurdi village.\"Ajay Shirke, president of MCA, said, \"Spectators need not worry even if there is a rush at the entry gate. It won't take more than 40 minutes to accommodate all the spectators in the stadium. Areas have been designated for smokers and they should make sure that rules are not violated.\"Parking for four-wheelers has been arranged at the Peninsula and Lodha parking lots. Two-wheelers can be parked on the Mamurdi village road. Pandhre said that spectators should avoid parking on roads as they are narrow. Spectators should enter the stadium through gate no 1 and gate no 3 and avoid carrying bags, purses or poly bags. Shirke said that spectators should not carry eatables or water. Water will be available free of cost at the stadium. \"Spectators should not get involved in any activity that will disturb the umpires, players, foreign citizens or compatriots,\" Shirke said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672024", "title": "Rehman Malik fails to keep word on MHA team\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Pak visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the tentative date (Wednesday, December19) agreed to by both India and Pakistan for an MHA team's visit to Islamabad for finalizing modalities of the Pakistani judicial commission's second visit all but gone, New Delhi is still awaiting confirmation for a new date.According to sources in the home ministry, the Pakistani delegation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d led by interior minister Rehman Malik \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had indicated December 19 as the tentative date for hosting the MHA team.Though the MHA officials are confident of the visit \u00e2\u20ac\u201d now seems likely to happen sometime next week \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Islamabad's radio silence so far is puzzling. The early date was agreed upon as Malik kept insisting that the Pakistani judicial commission, which seeks to cross-examine key 26/11 witnesses here, be allowed to visit at the earliest. The Pakistani minister also linked completion of the panel's mission to a timely conclusion of the 26/11 trial in Rawalpindi.India agreed, but put two riders to the Commission's second visit. Firstly, it sought an assurance from Islamabad that this would be the final visit by the panel. Second, New Delhi wanted Pakistani law officers to certify its admissibility in Pakistani courts. The latter was to be secured by an MHA team under joint secretary Dharmendra Sharma, who would travel to Pakistan to set modalities for the panel's India visit.December 19 was tentatively agreed upon for the MHA team's trip, subject to confirmation from Islamabad. Malik left for Pakistan on Sunday (December 16), but since then there has been no word from the neighbour confirming the date.This delay in confirmation of MHA team's visit goes back to more than a month, as New Delhi had sought dates in November. With no response coming from Pakistan for weeks, India was forced to take up the issue directly with Malik during his visit here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671790", "title": "3 held for killing biker on highway", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Tuesday rounded up three persons in connection with the murder of Mahadev Mondal - whose body was found off Basanti Highway on December 11. Preliminary probe revealed that the trio had robbed Mondal before killing him and dumping his body in the woods.The accused - Brinda Mallik, 42, Swapan Mondal, 25 and Prasenjit Mondal, 30 - were rounded up from Chowbaga's Thanaberia. According to police, the trio operated between Science City and Basanti and robbed people usually when the stretch became desolate.On December 10, Mondal was returning home on his motorcycle when the snatchers intercepted him. Police said they first struck him in the head and after snatching Rs 2500 and his mobile phone, they dragged his body into the woods, about five kilometres away from the highway, and shot him dead. The goons then drove away on his bike.They then rode away on Mondal's motorcycle.\"Mondal also lived in the same locality of Thanaberia where the three as the accused also live. It seems that they feared they would be recognised and hence shot him to ensure that he was dead,\" said a police officer. The victim's motor cycle is yet to be recovered.The next day some locals informed Pragati Maidan police station about the body. Mondal's family later identified it. Mondal earlier had worked as the driver of Ruis Mondal, a land mafia in the Rajarhat area. After he left the job he shifted to Thanaberia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674202", "title": "I don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t chase stars or banners: Abhishek Kapoor", "text": "Abhishek 'Gattu' Kapoor explains his departure from Excel, the future of Rock On! 2 and his return venture Kai Po CheHis first step into Bollywood was as a screenplay writer for Yash Chopra's 2004 film Veer Zaara . The very year, Abhishek Kapoor turned director with Sohail Khan and Sneha Ullal starrer Aryan. But it was only four years later, that the awards (including the National award) and accolades started pouring in. Abhishek or Gattu (as he is fondly called) was catapulted into the big league with his 2008 blockbuster Rock On!. After five years, the filmmaker is ready to mark his comeback with UTV Motion Pictures' Kai Po Che - a film based on Chetan Bhagat's The 3 Mistakes Of My Life .The journey hadn't been easy. He took over two and a half years to prepare the screenplay. And wrote 20 drafts before finalising it. Gattu even shot in the sweltering 50-degree heat of Gujarat for over 80 days. And learnt a new thing about the people there. \"We were getting baked from 9 in the morning. But what attracted me was the spirit of Gujarat. There is something about the people - always bright and chin up. They are on top of their game. I think the cultural heart of India lies somewhere between Gujarat and Rajasthan,\" the director told us minutes after screening the film's promo exclusively for TOI.Talking about his next venture, we were intrigued by his move away from Excel Entertainment - that too after a successful project. But Gattu explained, \"Producer and director are like husband and wife bringing up a child. Well, in real life if you can remarry,why not professionally?UTVis a fabulous producer.I don't chase stars or big banners. Scripts matter to me.\"Few are aware that the director had started scripting Kai Po Che for Excel but pulled the plug midway. \"I was developing a script and a difficult one at that. It was taking some time to put it together. At some point,Excel felt that it wasn't up their alley. I was fine with it since one may have a difference of opinion. I shared the script with UTV and they loved it,\" Gattu opened up about his sudden departure from Excel, perhaps for the first time.Does this cast a shadow over Rock On! 2 ? \"I had developed Rock On! 2 for them but not sure when I will start the film,\" said Gattu, adding quickly, Farhan wasn't involved in this call. This was just Excel and me. He is there in all my parties and there is no friction between us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17671925", "title": "Civil dispensary at Kamatipura faces major staff crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Staff crunch at the Kamatipura Civil Dispensary has left the residents of the area in the lurch. The facility is the only government hospital in the locality catering to around 300 patients per day.After the clustering of public health care facilities in urban areas in March last year, the hospital which was earlier called a dispensary was downgraded to an Urban Primary Health Care Center (UPHC). The hospital right now has only one doctor and two Auxiliary Nurse Midwife (ANM).The government has neither provided additional doctors nor nursing staff to meet the demand. The existing doctor and the nursing staff also have to go door-to-door administering antenatal care and meet the immunisation objectives of the district authorities. Besides serving more than one lakh people of Kamatpura area, it also caters to patients from as far as Barkas and Golconda.Agitated, residents of Kamatipura staged a dharna at Kamatipura police station on Monday asking the police to intervene for the proper running of the hospital. The inspector reportedly turned the protesters away saying he could not play any role in resolving the issue.Local sources say that the lone doctor has to write outpatient receipts, managing the patients, checking them and handing out medication. There is no pharmacist or any male nursing orderlies to control unruly patients. Also the hospital has no watchman, sweeper or a caretaker.Adding to the woes is the government's negligent attitude in sanctioning funds for the up-keep of health facility. Not a single rupee was given for the maintenance of hospital since the start of this financial year. The locals and the two medical professionals had to bear the expenses of providing water during last summer, it is said. The current building constructed in 2006 after the Vaidyan Vidhan Parishad took it over from Quli Qutub Shah Urban Development Authority, has received no attention, making it seem older than 6 years.Surprisingly, this facility was chosen for up-gradation to a 30 bed hospital more than four years ago. The up-gradation mostly remains on paper. As a token gesture of changing the status of the hospital only 10 beds have been sent to the facility without providing staff to run the inpatient service. The dispensary requires four doctors, four ANMs, at least one male orderly, a pharmacist and a watchman.The locals though agitated, are not vociferous in their demand as they have not approached the district administration which is responsible for healthcare at the facility. On Monday they approached the police when the doctor at the hospital had to leave for a while to participate in a meeting of district health officials. The police directed them to take it up with local leaders and district officials.Sadly some of the locals have taken advantage of the situation. It was learnt that a gate of the hospital was broken before Bakrid this year and animals were tied at the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17672625", "title": "Short-staffed health department fail to check mosquito menace", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state capital continues to be a den of mosquitoes. Health authorities have been lax in getting the city rid of mosquitoes even as 96 cases of malaria and 17 cases of dengue were reported this year here.The city health office has been short of manpower to undertake fogging in breeding prone zones like low-lying areas, overflowing drains and bushes. City health officer Chandrika Prasad Dash said there are two dedicated persons per ward in the city to spray anti-larva chemical Temefos, while there is a need of at least four persons. \"We have 120 persons for 60 wards to spray the anti-larva chemical to stop further breeding of mosquitoes. The filarial section in our office has engaged about 174 personnel,\" said Dash. He, however, said almost all the city drains have been sprinkled with Temefos.Sources at the health directorate, which is implementing the National vector Borne Diseases Control Programme (NVBDCP), said cases of malaria have increased in the city this year. While 66 cases were reported last year, this year 96 cases have been reported in the city area. No death has been reported due to malaria this year though.'King fog', which is sprayed to kill mosquitoes on a large scale, should be used twice a year but is being used only once. \"It is a short term process to check density of mosquitoes. After survey done by insect collectors to check whether the mosquito density has exceeded 60, we go for king fog. Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) contributes 50% of the chemical, while NVBDCP supplies the rest,\" said Dash.Last year, BMC earmarked about Rs 18 lakh to check the mosquito menace. This year it has added Rs 2 lakh to the budget. \"We have our own funds to check the mosquito menace. The Rs 20 lakh, which we have earmarked, will be spent for purchasing malathion oil and baytexopher oil for fogging. We don't get funds from the state government or any central government schemes for the purpose,\" said Labanya Sabar, chief finance officer, BMC.Sources also revealed that the Biological Vector Control (BVC) method, introduced four years ago in the city, has failed to produce the desired result. Gambushia, a typical fish of small size is used for BVC. The small fish is spread in the water bodies to prevent breeding of mosquitoes as the fish eat larva. \"We had spread the gambushia fish in about hundred water bodies and drains within the city. There has not been further assessment whether they have worked,\" said Dash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17672962", "title": "ATMs soft target for robbers", "text": "JAIPUR: Unguarded ATMs in the city continue to be the favourite target for criminals.Unidentified miscreants attempted to break open two ATMs located in close vicinity on New Sangner Road. One of the ATMs had Rs 23, however, as there were no security guards, the theft attempt came to light when a customer entered the cabin and found iron roads lying on the ground on Tuesday morning.Police said the theft attempt took place at the ATMs of SBBJ Bank and UCO bank .\"Preliminary investigation suggests that there were at least of couple of miscreants. They first entered the SBBJ's New Sanganer Road branch and tried to break open the machine. However, they failed and gave up. There were about Rs 23 lakh in the ATM,\" said SHO Mansarovar Rajrendra Singh. The thieves then sneaked into the UCO bank's ATM and attempted to damage it, the officer said.Police said the thieves had switched off the lights of both the ATMs on the CCTVs. \"We are trying to identify the miscreants on the basis of the CCTV footages,\" said the officer. A police team was rushed to the ATMs when a customer informed about the theft attempt. The officer added that there were no security guard deputed at the ATMs.The police have written several times to the authorities of all the banks to depute security guards at ATMs, however, it is not being complied with. It is due to this negligence that the robbers attempted to break open the ATM using explosives in Muralipura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672494", "title": "Banks go green, to levy charge on offline payments", "text": "CHENNAI: Several banks, as part of their green initiatives, have asked customers to make payments of credit card dues online. Those who continue to pay by cash or cheque are being levied a service charge and they are not liking it.\"As part of the green initiative, to reduce paper-based transactions and to encourage the electronic mode, it is proposed to levy 50 as service charge for credit card payments made through cash or cheque,\" says a recent circular issued by Indian bank.Many customers feel the decision to levy a service charge is not the right step. \"It is not possible to make credit card payments every month through electronic channels as it creates confusion. Most of us are not aware of payment through electronic means. It should have been a step-by-step measure,\" said T Sadagopan, a customer.Banks feel differently. \"We encourage customers to make payments online as it's cost-effective. Not only is the transfer instantaneous, issues like cheques going missing or becoming invalid don't arise and the overall customer experience is more positive,\" said KVS Manian, group head, consumer banking, Kotak Mahindra Bank , which levies 100 for cash payments for credit card dues.Banks say a transaction at a branch costs 35-40, while in net banking, this drops down to 3-4 per transaction.HDFC Bank, with 5.9 million credit card holders, charges 100 for cash payments of credit card dues. Corporation Bank, with 78,000 credit card holders, is also urging its customers to opt for online payments. \"Nearly 70% of our card holders still pay by cheque or cash. While we are not levying any service charge now, as we gain traction on that front, we may resort to levying such a charge later,\" a senior bank official said.Banks say migrating to the online mode would benefit all, but customers are not fully convinced. \"They say a customer can either give a standing instruction or transfer dues every month through ECS. In such cases, the card holder will have to change instructions every month whether he wants to pay the minimum amount due or the total outstanding amount. This will be inconvenient,\" said Sreedhar, a customer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17671947", "title": "2 serial burglars held, 101 sovereigns of gold seized", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police arrested two burglars on Monday and seized 101 sovereigns of gold jewels from them. They were involved in at least 40 burglary cases across the state, police said. The duo was remanded to judicial custody on Tuesday.The burglars have been identified as P Palanisamy (56), hailing from Udumalpet in Tirupur district and his brother-in-law C Jayaraj (53) from Alli Nagaram in Theni district. The duo was arrested on April 3, 2012 in connection with burglary cases by Coimbatore city police. They were released on bail from Coimbatore central prison on May 15.However, city police were keeping a watch on them and they were arrested on Monday again. The duo confessed to being involved in two burglary cases which took place on January 1, 2012 and March 18, 2012. When they were interrogated on April 3, they managed to hide this information from them.Police said, the family members of the accused were also involved in burglary cases. The burglars stayed in a rented house along with their families. While the women roamed the city during the day, posing as broomstick sellers, to identify locked houses, the men carried out the break-ins and theft at night. They usually watched a night show following which they executed the burglaries. They told police that since the patrol was sparse early morning, they went back home with the stolen loot during the early morning hours.\"As they wore gloves, we were unable to lift finger prints from the crime scent,\" said S Elango, inspector (crime), Saravanampatti police station. The duo also helped themselves to the food found in the houses they burgled. They spent at least seven years in prison in various districts, he added.On January 1, 2012, the duo broke into the house of software engineer Ashok Kumar, 30, from Maniyakaranpalayam and decamped with 57 sovereigns of gold jewels and Rs 52,000 in cash. The same burglars gained entry into a house belonging to M Rangarajan, 53, of Kumaran Nagar near Ganapathy on March 18, 2012 and decamped with 44 sovereigns of gold jewels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17673506", "title": "Statistics don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t make for a safe city", "text": "CHENNAI: A safety pin, chili powder in a twist of paper, and quick reflexes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d K Jeevita never leaves home without these three. \"A bunch of drunk men always use the same bus on which I return home at night. They often pass lewd remarks, and I am always on tenterhooks thinking they will do something to me. So I prepare myself with these 'weapons' ,\" says the 21-year-old who works in a BPO in Taramani.The gang rape of a 23-year-old woman on a bus in Delhi has set alarm bells ringing in Chennai. Although the number of rape cases reported in Chennai is seven times lower than in Delhi, women feel unsafe at night, especially while using public transport.\"Most men who travel by public transport at night are drunk. They pass lewd remarks and press themselves against women in crowded buses. A lot needs to be done to ensure safety of women on buses and trains. One police person can be deployed in each bus at night,\" said Farrell Sabrina, a PG student in Madras University.Many streets are isolated or badly lit, which make them preying grounds for men. \"Every time I wait for a share auto near Valluvar Kottam, a few bikes or a car stop and the men ask me to join them. I just clench my fist and look away. The government has to deal with harassment stringently, fix street lights or deploy extra police personnel,\" says Sherji A V, who works in a private company in T Nagar.Parts of Poonamallee High Road, Nungambakkam High Road, Venkatanarayana Road, Fourth Avenue Road in Besant Nagar, Chamiers Road and Arumbakkam are among the many stretches that are badly lit. Drunks and voyeurs are not the only hazards women face every day. \"Deploying police alone doesn't help a woman feel safe. They must be trained to handle cases sensitively ,\" said women's rights activist Mangai. Activists say that although incidents of rape are fewer in Chennai compared to other metros, the actual number could be higher as several cases go unreported. According to National Crime Records Bureau data, 572 women were raped in Delhi last year compared to 76 in Chennai.\"Chennai may have fewer rape cases, but what about the cases that go unreported? What about the harassment and humiliating experiences women are put through in public spaces?\" asks V Geetha, who writes on women's issues. \"Harassment, abuse and voyeurism must be treated on par with serious crimes like rape. We need a responsible public system for safety and to ensure that men who harass women are held to account,\" she says. Activists have called for urgent action including increasing the number of women in the police force, reducing time taken for conviction of the accused, and setting up special courts to deal with crimes against women. Times ViewWith an increasing number of women entering professions that demand long - and sometimes odd - hours at work, it is imperative that a metropolitan city like Chennai ensures their safety. The national crime records may show Chennai as a relatively safe city, but that's not a feeling many women on the road after sundown share. We need a better system of beat policing which is effective and visible. The city police, which have people in only 18,000 of the 21,000 sanctioned posts, need a fillip to make their presence felt on roads, bus stops and railway stations. Equally important is the attitude of police. Good policing is not forcing people indoors at night\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit is ensuring the safety of citizens who choose to be outdoors at any hour. Eve-teasing is a misnomer: there is nothing teasing about harassment and assault of women. The punishment should make that clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673119", "title": "Can BJP read message on party's UP office wall?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The central leadership of the Bharatiya Janata Party may have gone ahead with supporting the reservation in promotion Bill in the Rajya Sabha, it is the party's state unit members who are hearing the alarm bells in the form of slogan-shouting by government employees opposing the Bill. The protesters squatted in front of the party office and even threatened to barge inside, but left shortly letting party members breathe easy.The party high command's stance on the issue has not gone down too well with the state unit. The nationalist approach of the party is facing an open challenge from the regional viewpoint of the party in a state as strategically important as Uttar Pradesh and ignoring it might cost the party dear with assembly elections in around 10 states coming up next year.State BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi had told TOI: \"BJP should not support the bill in its present form. It is not judicious.\" The Bill has resulted in large-scale resentment among people of the state, especially the state government employees. \"This was an attempt of Bahujan Samaj Party, Congress and SP to infuse caste division and tension in the country,\" Bajpayi had added exuding hope that the party's central leadership would pay heed to the demand of the state unit.Earlier, deputy leader of the party in Vidhan Sabha, Satish Mahana, in an impromptu called press conference, had claimed he had apprised the central leadership about his and party workers' reservation against the bill. Calling his off-the-party-lines statement as a token protest, Mahana said even if it was passed, BJP wouldn't gain in UP if the central leadership supported the bill.Political pundits too feel it is easier for parties like Bahujan Samaj Party and Samajwadi Party-whose presence is limited to UP-to take poll position on the issue than for BJP and Congress. By supporting the bill, the BSP might end up enhancing its Dalit vote bank and SP by saying no to the Bill, might be able to woo upper caste voters, but BJP, which is trying hard to regain its past glory in the state, is most likely to end up loser by supporting the bill and same goes for the Congress, feel experts. Congress has yet to start making serious effort to regain its past position of power in the state, which is not the case with BJP, feel experts. Losing support of the upper caste employees even before Lok Sabha election is the last thing state BJP wants.Central leadership of the party has to take decision in wider perspective, more so with 10 states going to polls in 2013 and out of which at least four-Karnataka, Chhattisgarh , Jharkand and Madhya Pradesh-have BJP or its ally governments, says a senior BJP leaders. Most of these states have sizeable presence of scheduled caste and scheduled tribe voters. The party has to listen to chief ministers of these states too, said another senior party leader.Some say it would be politics of compulsion for Bharatiya Janata Party while Congress leaders wait and watch after opening the political arena for maneuvering. Till then, BSP and Samajwadi Party continue to score points by supporting and not supporting the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14125982", "title": "In 1974, film making was declared as industry", "text": "In 1974, the Government of Orissa declared filmmaking and construction of cinema theatres as industry in the state and two years later in 1976, it established the Orissa Film Development Corporation, based in Cuttack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675406", "title": "Pamela Anderson set to sizzle on ice dancing show", "text": "Come January - 'Dancing On Ice' will be bringing all sorts of glittery fun to the screen, as Pamela Anderson will officially star on the show, it has been announced.Olympic skating superstars Torville and Dean will once again drag 12 celebrity contestants up onto the ice in an attempt to teach them to shuffle their feet to a tune, with those shuffles turning into steps, and those steps turning into leaps.Following in the footsteps of previous winners Matthew Wolfenden , Sam Attwater, Hayley Tamaddon, Ray Quinn , Suzanne Shaw , Kyran Bracken and Gaynor Faye, this year's celebrity line up is actually pretty impressive, with the former 'Baywatch' star, Lauren Goodger and Shayne Ward among those on the official line up, the Mirror reported.With Jason Gardiner back on the judging panel, the 2013 bunch will have to be extra careful as they kick off in the first live show - because the former bald man has promised to be meaner than ever.Anderson will be dancing with Matt Evers who apparently she'd choose as her dance partner over all other possible celebrity partners.\"I don't like celebrities\" she insists, despite being a massive celebrity.When asked about her worst fear for the live shows she said, \"I am actually excited to be taking part\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671607", "title": "Land bill pushed back to budget session", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback for UPA, the much-awaited bill on land acquisition has been pushed back to the budget session.Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh failed to move the amendments to the land bill after protests from BJP leader Rajnath Singh, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , Trinamool Congress and the Left front.Ramesh's move to initiate the process in Lok Sabha late on Tuesday evening met with uproar, prompting parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath to say that the government will make the land bill its first agenda in the budget session.Another delay in clinching the important agenda is bound to raise anxiety in Congress camp which is desperately looking to deliver success on 'aam aadmi' front to regain governance initiative after months of drift.Ramesh has made 154 amendments to the bill that was tabled earlier in the lower House and was vetted by the standing committee. The bill was approved by the Cabinet last week to meet the deadline of the winter session which ends on Thursday.While the government was reconciled to the bill not being passed, it felt putting it on Parliament's agenda would help it score points over rivals that are opposing it.BJP leader Rajnath Singh resented that government was bringing the important bill at the fag end of the session. \"We are ready to pass the bill. It's important. But we want a detailed discussion on it. Let the government extend the session by a day,\" he said. Mulayam too sought time for discussion while the Left and Trinamool opposed the bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671856", "title": "Right formula to gauge irrigation needed", "text": "NAGPUR: Amid a flurry of 'papers' of different hues- white, black, yellow, 'true' and 'untrue'- there is a feeling among many, including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, that a formula needs to be worked out for a realistic assessment of irrigation sector. Even before the SIT appointed by the government gets into the nitty-gritty of the allegations of poor irrigation facilities created at an exorbitant cost, top political leaders and officials insist that different methodologies applied by the agriculture department and the irrigation experts were creating a confusion. Reality could be between the extremes painted by the two departments.It all started with a cautious Chavan, relying on the economic survey data, stating that only 0.1 % irrigation potential was added in a decade at the cost of Rs70,000 crore. The water resources department (WRD) disputed this figure blaming it on improper update of data on gross irrigated area to gross cropped area. WRD minister Sunil Tatkare claimed that between 2001-02 and 2011-12 irrigation potential had gone up from 37.69 lakh to 48.25 lakh hectare - an additional 10.56 lakh hectares. The actual increase in coverage was by 28%, he claimed. The gross irrigated area to gross cropped area increased by 5.17% and if 67 TMC water released for non-irrigation is added then it reaches 6.43%.The opposition has said based on official statistics, the actual land under irrigation is 29.55 lakh hectares and dismissed the claim of WRD as unsubstantiated. According to top officials of WRD, irrigation status report is prepared annually and posted on official website. The figures of irrigation potential created every year and land under irrigation is in public domain and there is a steady growth. They claimed there is 73% increase in land under irrigation from 17.08 lakh hectares in 2001-02 to 29.55 lakh hectares in 2010-11, which means net addition of 12.47 lakh hectares.WRD officials also admitted that they never countered agriculture department's figure that are based on revenue department's assessment about gross cropped area whose primary source is Talathi. In fact, during BJP-Sena alliance regime the figure showed negative growth, they claimed, while raising doubt about methodology employed by agriculture department.Moreover, irrigation cess has shown a big rise from Rs300 crore to Rs1000 crore in the last five years though cess for farmers has actually gone down, a WRD note claimed. The recovery figure is Rs746 crore. As against ultimate irrigation potential of 85 lakh hectares, the state has achieved 48.25 lakh hectares or 57% of the potential so far. Tatkare and his officials believe land acquisition costs as well as that for rehabilitation jumped manifold in recent times increasing the project cost.BJP legislator Devendra Fadnavis has dubbed these figures unreliable and pointed out that WRD did not have a mechanism in place to collect credible data on irrigation development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17673028", "title": "Deputy CM alarmed by 'snail's pace' work of new Mapusa fish market", "text": "MAPUSA: Deputy chief minister and Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza has expressed displeasure over the slow pace of work of the Mapusa fish market. The market was supposed to open for the public on Goa Liberation Day. Only Since only 60% of the work has been completed, the inauguration has been postponed to April.D'Souza along with Goa State Urban Development Agency (GSUDA) senior project officer Uday Lawande , project consultant Vivek Parsekar, management consultant Vijay Kumar Sawant, senior supervisor Ramakant Pednekar and Mapusa municipal council chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar visited the project site on Monday.\"Just 60% of the work has been completed by the contractor.The building was supposed to be handed over to the PWD in December and inaugurated on December 19,\" D'Souza said.Construction of the new fish market project in Mapusa was taken up by the GSUDA. As per the original schedule, work was supposed to begin in December 2010 and finish by February 2012. The extended date of completion was a few months later, in June, 2012. The work got delayed further.The work had commenced in 2010 after the demolition of the old fish market which was declared unsafe but work was suspended for some time because of a technical problem related to the type of soil. The cost of the project is Rs 7.33 crore. This project will house the fish market and chicken, mutton stalls.Electrical work, tiling and other finishing touches are still pending. \"The work is being carried out snail's pace. I will direct the GSUDA to issue a show cause notice to the contractor,\" D'Souza said.Lawande cited shortage in sand and stone supply as the reason for the delay. \"We have asked the contractor to complete the project before April and hand it over by April 15, 2013,\" Lawande said.All fish vendors from the old fish market have been shifted to a temporary settlement. But lack of proper arrangement for disposal of waste water has resulted in foul smells making it inconvenient for vendors to carry out their business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17673565", "title": "Truck terminal to ease congestion", "text": "HUBLI: To check proliferation of goods carriers and provide ample parking space in Hubli city, Dharwad district administration has envisaged setting up a truck terminal in the suburbs at Anchatgere.Police are finding it difficult to regulate traffic movement on some busy roads like Neeligin road, Vidyangar, PB road, Karwar road, Vikasnagar road, since trucks park haphazardly on these roads leading to traffic congestion. With a view to provide ample space for parking, to ease traffic congestion, and also to locate godowns, the district administration has finally mooted a plan to construct truck terminal.If everything goes as planned, in the next six months to one year, the city will have a well-equipped truck terminal.The authorities have already identified around 57 acres and 13 guntas of land near Anchatgere on the outskirts of Hubli. The terminal will initially have parking facility for 400 trucks. Devaraj Urs Truck Terminals Ltd (DUTTL) has taken up the project of constructing truck terminal in Hubli.Speaking to TOI, H Devaraj, executive engineer, DUTTL, said that terminal will have the facility for all kind of logistics activities. After receiving detailed project report from the consulting agency for the project, board meeting will be held next month and final project proposal will be sent to government seeking its administration approval.\"We are hopeful that we will complete all preliminary works in the next three months to begin works on construction of truck terminal,\" he added.GR Shanmugappa, President, All India Motor Transport Cognress, said, though proposed location for truck terminal is not feasible, the government should ensure that the truck terminal will live up to the expectations of truck owners and general public.The truck terminal project features dormitory for the truck drivers and cleaners, six ware houses each in one and half acre land, cold storage rooms, around 220 agent office rooms with facility of parking and around 60 agent office rooms without parking, petrol bunk in 1200 sq mtrs, around 100 godowns each in a 2 gunta plot and also 400 truck parking facility temporarily in first phase and also plan for hotel and canteens. About 4,000 different kind of goods carriages pass through the city daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17672242", "title": "Murder accused escapes from custody", "text": "KOCHI: A murder accused brought to the state by the Delhi police escaped from their custody early on Tuesday.Delhi police said the man, Sanjay Ikhar of Maharashtra, escaped from the Armed Reserve Camp of the state police after pushing them down onto the floor around 1 am. The Kerala armed police, however, narrated a different version.The AR camp officials said the Delhi police personnel had not informed that they were escorting an accused.\"They walked in and requested a resting place saying they are from the Delhi police. We checked their papers and recorded their details, and provided them barracks,\" a camp official said.In the evening, six of them went out, but only five returned. \"It was only then that they informed us that the sixth person was an accused. They were all drunk,\" the official added.The state police said Ikhar was to be presented before a Thodupuzha court, but the Delhi policemen claimed he was brought here to collect evidence.The Central police said they had registered a case and were investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673272", "title": "3 BJP MLAs rally for mining-dependant", "text": "PANAJI: The differences within the BJP-led government over the mining issue came to the fore on Tuesday with three party MLAs making it clear that their allegiances were with the mining-affected people rather than with the government.Legislators from the mining belt, Subhash Phal Dessai (Sanguem), Ganesh Gaonkar (Sanvordem) and Pramod Sawant (Sanquelim) were present and addressed the rally called in Panaji by the Goa Mining People's Front.Phal Dessai, the most vociferous of the three, came down heavily on \"all those who are either opposing the resumption of mining or who have passed orders halting mining activities in the state\". In a speech laden with political overtones, he slammed his own party's Manohar Parrikar-led government.\"We want to know whether this government will survive or not? It is not like the BJP government is relaxed on the issue... we will not let anybody relax... four to five MLAs will always raise the issue of mining with chief minister Manohar Parrikar,\" thundered Phal Dessai. His name has featured prominently in recent backroom chats for the differences he has with Parrikar on the mining issue.\"If any restriction is imposed on us as BJP (members) or MLAs we will not listen. People have elected me because I am connected with mining,\" said Phal Dessai.He admitted that there \"is a misunderstanding, we should also ask who brought the Shah Commission to Goa\". (The commission was appointed last year by the central government to investigate illegal mining in the state).Referring to the period between the commission submitting its report to Parliament and a PIL being filed in the Supreme Court by NGO Goa Foundation, Phal Dessai said, \"The CM had called the MLAs from the mining belt and had informed us that the government would suspend mining for 15 days so that the Supreme Court does not hold the neck of mining-dependant people. We told the CM that whatever you have decided is right. It is unfortunate that despite the action initiated by the state government some people approached the Supreme Court and without consulting the state government the Supreme Court halted mining activities in the state.\"He also slammed the apex court for its interference, \"The Supreme Court should dissolve all state and central governments and should run the governments.\"Gaonkar told the people that \"all four MLAs (from the mining belt) keep a watch on the government's decisions and if the government takes a wrong decision we bring it to the notice of the government\".\"We are concerned about the content of the affidavit being filed before the Supreme Court. We also discuss the mining issue with chief minister Manohar Parrikar and he is taking the right decision because of which we have not spoken anything till date,\" said Gaonkar.Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant said, \"We don't know who has done illegal mining and we will fight in the assembly and outside the assembly to start legal mining in the state.\"The fourth legislator from the mining belt, Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral, is currently out of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17671977", "title": "Gujarat University exam hall tickets still undistributed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) will conduct the first semester exams of undergraduate arts, science and commerce from December 24. It will also conduct the third semester exams of MA, MCom and MSc from the same date.Students complained that the GU still hadn't declared the schedule of exams which were postponed from December 8 to 24 due to elections. There was lot of hullabaloo at the GU campus on Tuesday as students came to inquire when they will be issued their hall tickets. \"We have no idea about the seating arrangement during the exams,\" said a student.\"We have issued directives that the hall tickets will be prepared online and the students can take their copies online,\" said a GU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672239", "title": "In 3 years, no ground water beneath Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: This is sounds like crisis. Scientists at the premier National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) have said ground water in Hyderabad, Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai, along with several other northern cities, are declining at such a rapid pace that in three years the Andhra Pradesh capital will be almost bone dry.\"History shows us civilizations have vanished once water is also gone. Water carries people and we need to wake up now and do something before it is too late,\" Mrinal Kanti Sen, director of NGRI told TOI on Tuesday.Staring at an acute crisis, NGRI has been asked by the Central Ground Water Board (CGWB) under the ministry of water resources to trace new aquifers using heliborne electromagnetic techniques in the states of Rajasthan , Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Bihar and Rajasthan.\"The government is concerned and we are gearing up to find new aquifers all over the country as this is the only way out,\" says Sen.In Hyderabad, despite a very good 2011 monsoon, water levels in places like Sanjeevareddy Nagar and Maredpally were at a depth of just about 18 metres; the situation in other observatory zones are equally bad.Hydrogeologists at NGRI and government water board officials say that with cities turning into concrete jungles very little rain water is getting infiltrated into the earth for conversion into ground water.\"In an ideal scenario, at least 16% of total rainfall must seep into the earth to get recharged as ground water, but in cities such as Hyderabad, Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai barely half of it does. This is very alarming,\" says Dr SN Rai, a top scientist at NGRI.\"It is going to go down further, and at this rate Hyderabad will the first to run dry in three years time. There is a bleak future in store for other metros,\" adds Rai, also the vice president of International Association of Hydrogeologists.NGRI scientists say the scenario in Delhi, western Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Rajasthan are very bad with ground water in 20 out of 27 tehsils in Delhi receding rapidly.A two-year CGWB study shows that groundwater use in Delhi was upto 12,569 hectare metres (HM) against an extremely poor recharge of 2,652- 4,172 hm per tehsil.Vasant Vihar, Hauz Khas, Chankayapuri, along with Karol Bagh, Kotwali, Kalakji, Rajouri Garden and Paharganj, are among the worst exploited areas, officials say.Rampant digging of bore wells and poor water recharge areas due to construction of buildings are the reasons, they offer.In Mumbai, civic bodies are resorting to artificial rains as the city's water collection and storage is nearly 30 percent deficient; water needs can be handled only till February 2013.CGWB officials say they have plans to revive 8000-10,000 old wells and hundreds of ring wells instead of the current trend of bore wells which does not help in water recharge.The only bright spot in Mumbai is that water levels in the lakes are higher than what it was last time, scientists say.The scenario in the southern metro of Chennai isn't happy either, with hydrogeologists saying that the already declining ground water level has been contaminated due to over exploitation. In fact, CGWB says that 247 out of 451 water samples taken from all districts of Tamil Nadu showed high levels of chloride, fluoride and nitrate -- all very harmful for humans.The situation looked dangerous in towns like Perambalur, Namakkal, Salem and Vellore, officials say. In some of the areas, officials are using air compressors instead of pumps to draw ground water.\"If Hyderabad is the worst, Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai have huge water worries of their own. Unless local governments and people learn to conserve water and think about our next generation, it's all downhill from here,\" says Dr Rai.Scientists say every big household in the city needs a minimum 3 x 10 feet pit to collect rain water from the roof and divert it to the pits for recharge. Ramesh Kumar , deputy director at the Andhra Pradesh ground water department, says that indiscriminate digging of bore wells, and encroachment of lakes and water tanks are the prime culprits. The city has only 300-odd lakes remaining out of 900 plus in the late 1960s.\"As a result we are forced to get water from Nagarjunasagar, about 140 km away from the city, to meet water demand,\" says Kumar. \"Hyderabad will run dry and there is no doubt about it if this trend continues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17673446", "title": "Many music lovers download applications on smartphones to keep track of concerts", "text": "CHENNAI: As the season gets busier, singer Rithvik Raja flits from one venue to the other , catching lec-dems and two performances daily . Instead of carrying numerous booklets with schedules, he prefers a nifty app on his smartphone to browse through the maze of programmes at nearly 100 sabhas .\"It is easy to use and I can search by genre of music, artist or venue . I can add favourite concerts and keep a tab on what I want to listen to,\" says Raja, who uses an app launched recently by kutcheris .com, a website with listings of events and information about artists .Though the sabhas still print and distribute programme booklets, many people prefer to download applications. \"Our website has been around for four years but people wanted information on the go, so we launched the app,\"says Vikram K Raghavan, founder of kutcheris. com. They offer a free version, but the one with maps and a calendar comes for Rs 99.Developers have upgraded apps launched earlier. The Chennai Music Season, a free app from ClairvoyantTech and arts magazine ARTery, now allows users to post concert reviews on social media. \"The upgraded version allows people to post a response to their Twitter or Facebook page,\" says Ramanathan Iyer, editor of ARTery.Apps are not limited to listings, a number of them help people learn the nuances of music. The Karnatik Tyagaraja Lite app, a collection of Tyagaraja compositions from karnatik.com and Melio Systems, will soon be more comprehensive. \"Music lovers take to technology fast but there aren't many apps in this niche area,\" says B Venkatramani, co-founder and director, Melio Systems. The upgraded version will have more than 700 compositions. \"Lite has 4,000 downloads,\" says Venkataramani, who is planning to charge for the upgrade.Sivakumar Loganathan, who made the Carnatic Raga app combining his passion for music and computer programming, says the demand has shot up marginally in the past few weeks. \"I am working on the iPhone version. The Android version crossed 10,000 downloads this week,\" he says. He created his app to help music lovers cut through the torrent of information on the internet. \"If you go to the internet to identify a song's raga, it is not easy to find the information unless you know the exact notes,\" he says. His app provides information on over 950 ragas. You can either use the raga name to identify its notes (swaras ) or key in the swaras to figure out the scale.Users are adding to the list of demands. Subramanian K, who gave kutcheris a thumbs-up, writes online that the app will be complete if ticket prices are listed. Guess canteen menus will be next on the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17673165", "title": "Calangute cops set to tackle 'migrant criminals'", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police have braced themselves for the seasonal influx of criminals from neighbouring states following the start of the peak season in the Candolim-Calangute coastal belt. Addressing a joint press conference, Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, sarpanch Anna-Marie D'Souza, PI Nolasco Raposo and traffic cell in-charge Nilesh Dhaigodkar said that they've made adequate arrangements to cope, following recent incidents where foreign tourists have been targeted while walking on main roads and lonely internal pathways, and their bags with valuables snatched.According to Raposo, these incidents are the handiwork of criminals from neighbouring states. The number of these criminals tends to rise during the peak season, he said. \"There is an influx of criminals from neighbouring states due to tourism,\" he said, adding, however, that they do not appear to be organized rackets, but are small groups of petty thieves who pounce on unsuspecting foreign tourists walking alone in lonely spots. After snatching away their handbags, the thieves make good their escape on two-wheelers under the cover of darkness. \"We will have to be on our toes over the next 15 days,\" he said.As most of these incidents occur on roads, the state government has decided to deploy an additional force of 450 security personnel drawn from the traffic police, CISF and other security agencies for 15 days during the peak season from December 19 to the New Year. These 450 personnel will be stationed every 50 meters all over Calangute and Candolim to prevent such incidents, according to Dhaigodkar.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, though, says more personnel are needed. \"I feel we need at least 600 cops, especially at night. The strength of the Calangute police station needs to be increased to at least 100; the traffic cell has 45 personnel, but that should be increased to 75. Incidents like these will affect tourism in Calangute; the British government last year had issued an advisory to its citizens to avoid Goa because of such robberies,\" he said.Besides providing security, the 450 security personnel will also help regulate traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673174", "title": "Rs 20 lakh aid for Taljai victims' kin", "text": "PUNE: The general body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday allotted Rs 20 lakh as aid to the families of those who were killed in the building collapse at Taljai in September.Eleven people, including a two-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl, were killed and 11 others were injured when a three-storey illegal building, which was under construction, came crashing down at Saiduttanagar Colony in Taljai Pathar, Dhankawadi, in September.The PMC has since started structural audits in the area. Nearly 200 buildings will be scrutinised in the drive.Elected members said on Tuesday that most of the victims were from the economically weak section and the funds would be a source of income to their families.Some of the elected members questioned the delay in the allotment of funds. \"Nearly three months have passed since the incidence and we have not given any money to the families of those victims yet,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673095", "title": "HC irked over student-teacher ratio in state", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing displeasure over alleged violation of student-teacher ratio in universities and colleges in the state, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has said that in case it is so, then it is not only violation of the norms set by the UGC, but also it amounts to spoiling the academic atmosphere.The court further added that violation of the norms will amount to deprivation of proper education to students and educational institutes would remain a building to provide degrees and certificates only. The court summoned director of higher education , vice-chancellor and registrar of Awadh University, Faizabad and the principal of KS Saket Post-Graduate College, Faizabad on January 17, 2013 with details of UGC norms and the sanctioned strength of students and those admitted during 2012-13 academic session in the university and its affiliated colleges.The court directed SSP Faizabad to provide round the clock security to principal of Saket College, VN Arora and his family at their residence and has sought compliance report next day.The directives for security for Arora came as he had told the court that when he refused to take admission of some students, they created ruckus at his residence and in one incident, some armed persons had attacked him. He had reported the matter to the police, but no effective action has been taken so far.The order came from a division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice Arvind Kumar Tripathi (II) on the service petition filed by Dr Suresh Kumar Pandey. The court passed the orders saying that the whole controversy involves public interest. Earlier, the court has come to know that in Saket College, against sanctioned strength of 714 students in BComm, the college had admitted 1,556 students and only eight teachers including six of MComm classes teach these students.The court expressed serious concern on the poor students-teacher ratio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672123", "title": "Sujana's explanation satisfactory: Naidu", "text": "HYDERABAD: TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday said he was satisfied with the explanation submitted by party Rajya Sabha MP Sujana Chowdhary with reference to his absence during the voting on FDI retail in the upper house on December 7. Along with Sujana, two other TDP members, T Devender Goud and Gundu Sudharani, were not present during the voting.Sujana had said, during the session he had stepped out for a while and when he returned for the voting, that took place at 4.30 pm, the gates were closed and could not enter. Subsequently, he offered to resign and submitted an explanation to Naidu. On Tuesday, the TDP chief accepted the explanation and vetoed the resignation. The other two MPS too had claimed that there was nothing irregular in their absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhilai", "code": "17672733", "title": "Bhilai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s highway traffic signal turns a death trap", "text": "BHILAI: The chain of events which led to the death of 28-year-old Sanjay Kumar Karsh, in a road mishap at four lane highway in Bhilai-3, points out at a discrepancy which looks harmless- the yellow lights do not function at the traffic signal where the accident took place.While Sanjay Karsh was about to cross the Sirsa gate traffic signal, it suddenly switched from green to red prompting Sanjay to apply brakes. Subsequently he lost control over his bike and came under a truck coming from behind. Later, a crowd gathered at the spot and became agitated over the frequent accidents at Sirsa gate locality where traffic is always chaotic.Local people said Sirsa gate crossing has been an accident prone area with most of the traffic signals on the four lane highway from Kumhari crossing to Bhilai faulty with non-functional yellow lights. They said their repeated complaints to the police and district authorities had fallen on deaf ears.The crowd burnt tyres and threw them on the road and also tried to set the truck ablaze forcing police to use force to control the situation. People here are now demanding action from the authorities on issues like fixing traffic signals on the four lanes, construction of speed breakers at the four squares, fixing speed limit to 40km per hour, reorganisation of traffic system of Supela clock tower.Often, the non-functional yellow light at the traffic signal comes handy to the police to either slap fine or even extort money from people for jumping the signal.Meanwhile, local police said they were initiating steps to rectify the problem on traffic signals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17673261", "title": "Man held for stealing Rs 4.7 lakh", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Police arrested a person, who was wanted in a robbery case, late on Monday and recovered Rs 3.96 lakh in cash.Md Miraj Ansari stole the money from his employer in Pugmil in October. The district police, led by officer-in-charge of Sadar police station Dinesh Kumar Singh, worked with Ranchi police to nab Ansari.\"Ansari stole Rs 4.70 lakh from the office of Aisha Traders in Pugmil locality, where he was an employee, and went underground since October 3. He was hiding in a friend's house in Ranchi's Hindpiri locality,\" said Singh.Ansari planned to buy land with the money and was supposed to meet a dealer in a city hotel. Police reached the venue after a tip-off and rounded up the accused and recovered Rs 2 lakh from them.\"This information was passed on to the Hazaribag SP Manoj Kaushik and a team was rushed to the hotel. As soon as the accused and his friends assembled at the hotel police arrested them and started interrogating Ansari who confessed about his ime. The police recovered Rs 2 lakh on the spot and the balance amount from his residence. The remaining amount has been spent by him in purchasing new two wheeler and cell phone which too were seized by the police. The accused and one more person ( whose name was not disclosed by the police) was brought to Hazaribag on Tuesday,\"said the officer.Further investigation are continuing in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "17672764", "title": "A big boost for Hyderabad-Karnatak", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: A three-decade struggle to seek special status for six Karnataka districts ended on Tuesday when Lok Sabha passed the Constitution (118th Amendment) Bill, 2012.The Bill, which seeks to insert a new Article 371-J providing special recognition to Gulbarga, Yadgir, Raichur, Koppal , Bidar and Bellary districts - together known as Hyderabad-Karnatak region - was passed unanimously.The Congress is expected to flaunt it as a trump card during the upcoming assembly elections. The six districts have 40 constituencies.The bill, which was in a limbo for 30 years, became controversial with chief minister Jagadish Shettar writing a letter to the Centre seeking its postponement as the state government wanted the Telangana model (Article 371-D ) for the six districts. It was not in favour of the constitution of regional boards.The bill enables the President to empower the governor to establish a separate development board for the Hyderabad-Karnatak region with the provision that a report on its working would be placed each year before the provincial assembly. Following the state's request, the parliamentary standing committee on home affairs headed by BJP MP M Venkaiah Naidu referred the bill to the ministry of home affairs and sought a modified bill after consulting the Karnataka government.This infuriated the people and opposition parties. Their protest compelled the CM to retract his stand.Union labour minister Mallikarjun M Kharge, speaking on the bill in the House, said it would usher in development in the region. Former chief minister N Dharam Singh , who represents Bidar in the Lok Sabha, said the long struggle has paid off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672868", "title": "Varsity to develop a model ecosystem on campus", "text": "AURANGABAD: The environmental science department of the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University has taken up a permaculture project on its premises to develop a model for an ideal ecosystem.Satish Patil, professor at the environmental science department in the university, said, \"This ecosystem is capable of absorbing pollution and particles present in the air. The system is more than 21% efficient in purifying the air. It has the ability to absorb particles ranging between 1 to 100 parts per million.\"Permaculture is a branch of ecological design and ecological engineering which develops sustainable human settlements and self-maintained agricultural systems modeled from natural eco systems.\"Food and water is the basic requirement of birds. We have installed feeding stands, water pots, creepers and are working on to create a natural habitat to attract bees, butterflies and other birds. Such eco pockets can be developed around industrial areas or homes even in a small area of land helping to reduce the damage done to the ecosystem,\" Patil said.The professor said that the area would be declared as a silent zone and no parking will be allowed close by. \"There is scarcity of water and pure air in the city, hence such eco-zones should be formed.\" he said. There are around 58 types of birds that reside around the university campus.Patil said, \"Birds are responsible to maintain the ecological and psychological balance. Focus is also on to increase the dominance of local birds by attracting them through plantations. There is a need to help develop colonies of birds all over the city.\"Public gardens and open spaces in city could be used for such purposes, he added. He further said that around 1300 trees, 53 plants and creepers, herbs, shrubs and hibiscus have been planted to attract butterflies, birds. Plans are also up to start an aviary.\"A separate provision for water supply has been made; one person has been permanently designated to take care. We have ensured 100 % growth in all the plantations with the use of scientific methods and fertilizers,\" he added.A role model is to be developed to check pollution caused by industrial and domesticated areas.Patil said that fogging and sprinkling equipment has been installed in the area to maintain the optimum temperature ideal for butterflies, honey bees and birds.\"School visits for children are being planned and the environmental science students will be able to learn and explore the area,\" Patil added. The ideal or role model of the ecosystem can be adopted and re-implemented at individual levels.The project has been taken up with the help of vice chancellor Vijay Pandharipande, the civic body's garden superintendent and engineers. Plans are to set up a rain water harvesting project to help recharge the groundwater levels and a composting centre to convert the refuse generated in the university into manure for the project, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17672776", "title": "Snow brings tourists to Manali", "text": "MANALI: Who cares about the biting cold when it's bringing hot revenue to the tourism industry, with thousands of tourists spending generously on their tour to snow-covered Manali. Tourists, mostly newlywed couples, are enjoying their first romance with snow and hoteliers are busy counting the cash.According to data from green tax barrier, the gateway to Manali, the number of tourist vehicles entering the town has doubled in a week, with majority of the visitors being honeymooners. Though a few of them had booked their tours in advance, most are heading to mountains after listening to the news of snowfall. Hoteliers, who were disappointed by lean tourism season between August and November, are now happy with rising business.The hotel occupancy rate, which was below 20% before December 10, has now increased to 50-60% and is likely to go beyond 90% after December 23. According to general manager of Hotel Beas View, M S Sharma, hotel industry had a bad time till November, but the snowfall has brought smiles back on their faces. \"Many honeymooners want to see snowfall. And high chances of snowfall are drawing more and more newlyweds to Manali. We are expecting to go houseful after December 20,\" he said.Sant Ram, manager with Hotel Mountain Top, said, \"Many tourists are visiting Manali with unplanned itinerary, which means they just wanted to see the snow. We are hoping to recover our losses of last four months in the next three winter months. No doubt, snow is the backbone of tourism industry of Manali.\"The tourist crowd in Manali has also cheered the hundreds of restaurant owners and shopkeepers, who were also suffering due to slowdown. \"I was selling a maximum of 15 shawls a month till November. This number has now increased to about 20 shawls a day. We are hoping for more snowfall in Manali,\" said Mohammad Maqbool, a shawl seller.Meanwhile, tourist spots like Rohtang, Beas Nullah, Marhi and Gulaba have been closed for tourists after heavy snowfall. Thousands of tourists are now enjoying skiing, snow scooter ride, horse riding and paragliding, etc. at Solang valley, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17673935", "title": "ISI, Pasha &amp; Taj enjoy immunity in 26/11 NY Court case: US government", "text": "NEW YORK: The US government has informed a New York court that the ISI and its former director generals \"enjoy immunity\" in the case related to 26/11 filed by the relatives of victims of the Mumbai terror attack and asked Pakistan to dismantle LeT and support India's efforts to counter terrorist threat.\"In the view of the United States, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) is entitled to immunity because it is part of a foreign state within the meaning of the FSIA (Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act),\" Stuart Delery, the principal deputy assistant attorney general told a federal court in New York on December 17 in a submission on a case filed by relatives and family members of the American victims of the Mumbai terrorist attacks.\"Furthermore, the department of state has determined that former director generals Ahmed Shuja Pasha and Nadeem Taj are immune because plaintiffs' allegations relate to acts that these defendants allegedly took in their official capacities as directors of an entity that is undeniably a fundamental part of the government of Pakistan,\" Delery said in his 12-page affidavit.\"Because foreign sovereign immunity and foreign official immunity provide an adequate basis upon which to dispose of this case with respect to the ISI and former DG Pasha and Taj, the United States takes no position on the political question doctrine issues that are also presented in this case,\" the affidavit says in its footnote in response to the court case filed by American survivors of the Mumbai terrorist attack.Claiming that the ISI of Pakistan was involved in the planning and execution of the Mumbai terrorist attack, these American survivor of 26/11 and family members of the victims had filed a case against the ISI chiefs, Ahmed Shuja Pasha, Nadeem Taj and its other officials, besides Lashkar-e-Taiba leaders, Mohammed Hafiz Saeed; Zaki ur Rahman, Sajid Mir and Azam Cheema.On 26 November, 2008 in Mumbai, terrorists did well coordinated shooting and bombing attacks in which 166 people, including six Americans, were killed and 308 others wounded.\"In making this immunity determination, the United States emphasizes that it expresses no view on the merits of plaintiffs' claims. The United States strongly condemns the terrorist attacks in Mumbai and continues to believe that the Islamic Republic of Pakistan must take steps to dismantle Lashkar-e-Taiba and to support India's efforts to counter this terrorist threat,\" the affidavit said.The US government argues that in its view FSIA requires that the Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate of Pakistan be accorded immunity from this civil suit because the ISI is a fundamental part of the government of Pakistan itself and no exception to immunity applies.\"Moreover, the Department of State has determined that the former director generals of the ISI, Ahmed Shuja Pasha and Nadeem Taj, enjoy immunity, a determination that is not subject to judicial review. In making this determination, the United States emphasizes that it expresses no view on the merits of plaintiffs' claims,\" the affidavit said.The American relatives and victims of Mumbai terrorist attacks in their filings had alleged that the ISI controlled and coordinated the terrorist attacks and provided critical planning and material support to the attackers.They also contend that former directors general Pasha and Taj provided material support and resources to the attackers, recruited participants and planned the attacks. As such the American survivors and relatives of the victim had sought compensatory and punitive damagesLawyers of ISI and its directors had argued that they enjoy immunity in the case. It was on April 23 this year that the court had asked the US government to clarify its position. December 17 was the last date for that.\"Under the FSIA, the ISI is immune from suit for the simple reason that it is a fundamental part of the Pakistani government. Under the FSIA, the ISI must be treated as a \"foreign state\" for purposes of the FSIA and there is no applicable exception to immunity.\"\"There can be no serious question regarding the ISI's status as a \"foreign state\" within the meaning of the FSIA. As the government of Pakistan states, the ISI is part of its government, organized under the Ministry of Defence,\" it said.\"Although plaintiffs contend that the ISI is not governed or authorized by Pakistani law and is not under the control of the Pakistani government, the United States executive and legislative branches have consistently treated the ISI as part of the Government of Pakistan,\" the US attorney said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17671975", "title": "National Investigation Agency takes Malegaon blast suspect Dhan Singh to Delhi", "text": "BHOPAL: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Tuesday took Dhan Singh, a key suspect in the 2008 Malegaon blast case, to Delhi to be produced in Panchkula court in Haryana where the hearings in the case is in progress. He is also a key suspect in the 2007 Samjhauta Express blast near Panipat that killed 68 people.Earlier, Singh was produced in a Satna court on Tuesday by the NIA team. Singh, was arrested from Chitrakoot on Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh border the other day following intelligence inputs.Singh, who is one of the alleged key conspirators in the Samjhauta case, was known as Ramlakhan alias Swami ji in the holy city of Chitrakoot. He was staying in the Brahmkund locality of the city near Kamadgiri Parikrama marg. He was living in a single -room accommodation in the locality where a large number of bearded priests stayed.Sources also said that twice every day he would hold the parikrama of the Kamadgiri hill, a ritual famous among the large number of pilgrims who visit Chitrakoot.The NIA had on December 15 arrested Rajender Chaudhary from Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh for his alleged involvement in carrying out the blast in the Pakistan-bound train.It is the fifth arrest in the case. The NIA has already arrested Kamal Chauhan, Aseemanand, Lokesh Sharma and Chaudhary for their alleged involvement in the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17673227", "title": "Demand for hassle-free traffic", "text": "DHANBAD: Prominent citizens of Dhanbad on Tuesday demanded construction of overbridges and flyovers to bring immediate improvement in traffic problems of the town.Speaking at a seminar organized by Dhanbad Action Group, Pramod Pathak of Indian School of Mines' management department, regretted that local people were not disciplined and they disobeyed traffic rules. Traffic awareness campaign should be introduced. \"The administrators, planners and police officers were not sincere to ease the traffic problem. They did not plan for the future of the expanding town,\" Pathak said.Rajiv Sharma, president of the Dhanbad Chamber of Commerce, suggested the two pipelines on both ends of Gaya railway bridge should be removed and underground pipelines should be laid. He also recommended construction of a flyover linking DRM office to Zorapathak.DAG president N K Singh said the residents of the town would prepare a vision document to solve the traffic problem and would file a public interest litigation in the Jharkhand high court seeking a directive to the state government to solve traffic problem of Dhanbad.Neither the MP nor the MLAs of Dhanbad were concerned about the traffic problem, secretary of the chamber Rajesh Sharma alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17672348", "title": "Kiran mum on library land row", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Leaders of various opposition parties received a cold response from chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday to their demand that prime land belonging to the Zilla Grandhalaya Samstha (District Public Library) be not leased out to Prathyusha Associates, a shipping company owned by ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao.Representatives of various parties including CPI, TDP, CPM, BJP and Lok Satta met Kiran Kumar in the morning and submitted a memorandum pertaining to pressing issues concerning the city. While he assured them that he would intervene and speed up the process in various issues, he remained non-committal on the library land controversy.CPI representative JV Satyanarayana Murthy pointed out that there was no necessity to hand over the land to a private party on BOT (build, operate and transfer) basis as the public library had Rs 22 crore funds parked in banks. Moreover, the land that was located in a prime area has high commercial value and building a commercial complex would kill the spirit of a library, he said.Pointing out that the land allotment was not done in a transparent manner, TDP leader Ayyanna Patrudu told the CM that the land was transferred to Prathyusha on February 15, 2010, under the condition that the complex would be built within 24 months, and upon failure to meet the deadline, Prathyusha would have to pay a Rs 5 lakh monthly fine to the library till completion of the project.\"So far not a single brick has been laid and the period has expired on February 15, 2012. The private company is supposed to pay Rs 40 lakh as compensation till December, but neither has the company paid any money nor has the government made any effort to take back the land. In fact, the government has signed a fresh agreement with the same company on June 26 with a few amendments to the old agreement,\" Patrudu said.The opposition leaders alleged that by giving away a land worth Rs 50 crore, the library would only get a measly Rs 4 crore while Prathyusha would earn around Rs 99 crore during the 33-year lease period. The private company would provide the library 27,000 sq feet space and Rs one lakh per year as lease amount though the commercial space has a potential to earn at least Rs 25 lakh per month, and the deal would provide revenue of Rs 2.7 crore per annum to Prathyusha, they alleged.Ganta Srinivas Rao was present by the side of the CM when the representatives met him. The CM brushed aside their demand saying that a committee was formed to look into the issue.The representatives also brought up the topic of Visakha Institute of Medical Sciences (VIMS) and urged the CM to make the hospital operational by at least starting the OP ward. They pointed out that to make the entire hospital functional, the government would have to pump in over Rs 30 crore, which may be difficult at the moment, but the OP ward could be made operational with an investment of about Rs 60 -70 lakh. The CM assured them that he would immediately look into it.Regarding the permanent posting of a vice-chancellor in Andhra University, Kiran Kumar informed the representatives that it was pending due to a stay imposed by the high court. \"Once the stay is vacated the posting will happen,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17671997", "title": "Bareli schoolgirl critical: Child panel", "text": "BHOPAL: The minor schoolgirl who was burnt by a senior student in Bareli, Raisen district continues to be in a serious condition. Doctors treating her said that he sustained 100% burns and chances of her survival are very slim, said Usha Chaturvedi, chairperson of state commission for protection of child rights ( SCPCR).Chaturvedi, accompanied by three members of the commission, visited the victim Khushbu Bairagi, 15 and interacted with the doctors.Khushbu was allegedly burnt by her senior and neighbour Rupali Vishwakarma, 19, who doused her with kerosene and set her on fire after being allegedly harassed by victim's family over a Rs 5,000 theft.Chaturvedi told TOI, \"We have advised the hospital superintendent to ensure proper medical treatment of the girl. Also, the family members attending her would be provided with food on the hospital campus free-of-cost. The commission will constantly monitor the progress of the girl.\"The resident doctor, treating the girl, K S Budhwani said the girl received 100% burns.Meanwhile, IG Hoshangabad range Ajay Sharma told TOI, \"The accused Rupali has been arrested and sent to judicial custody in Bhopal Jail. She told us that mental harassment by the victim's family on account on theft of Rs 5,000 forced her to take the step.\"The mother of the accused is mentally unsound while her father is a carpenter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17673164", "title": "CMC, GSPCB to verify dumping of waste near Cuncolim industrial estate", "text": "MARGAO: Taking cognizance of complaints about a few industrial units at the Cuncolim industrial estate dumping waste outside the premises, the Cuncolim Muncipal Council (CMC) has promised to take up the issue of dumping of waste outside the jurisdiction of the Industrial Development Corporation (IDC).CMC had carried out inspections of sites in their jurisdiction including six to seven wells located near the estate and have called for a joint site inspection with the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) to verify allegations of land and water pollution outside IDC land.\"There were complaints of dumping of waste in the jurisdiction of the municipality,\" said CMC chairperson Devendra Dessai who along with CMC chief officer Shivaji Dessai and other govenrmnet officials had carried out the inspection.The CMC chairperson pointed out that there had been complaints of water pollution and added that it was a very serious matter as it was extremely hazardous to the residents as it could lead to spread of fatal diseases as well.This follows the orders issued by GSPCB chairman Jose Manuel Noronha who revoked with immediate effect the consent to establish (no objection certificate) order dated March 1, 2012 issued by the board to Axis for the establishment of a unit to manufacture cement products at plot no-3 at the Cuncolim Industrial Estate.The board has further directed Axis to immediately stop the handling or removal of hazardous waste dumped at plot numbers L-2 and L-3 at the industrial estate until further orders.The board directed IDC field manager to ensure that the hazardous waste dumped within plot Nos L-2 and L-3 at the industrial estate is not allowed to be handled or removed until further orders, while the GSPCB assistant environmental engineer has been directed to submit a detailed proposal to be implemented by Axis for the temporary storage of the hazardous waste at the two plots till such time the same is disposed off in a captive landfill site.It was also revealed that the old shed of Sunrise Zinc Ltd located in L-3 was being dismantled by Axis, while the hazardous waste stored in the L-3 plot was being removed and dumped in the L-2 plot on the dumps and on the ground in the open", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672928", "title": "Fresh hope for childless couples", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pregnancy rate in infertile couples can significantly improve with a new technology introduced in Mohali, on Tuesday, in a private hospital. Infertility specialists have come up with a revolutionary cure for infertility Intra Cytoplasmic Morphologically Selected Sperm Injection (IMSI), bringing a hope to childless couples.The technology which allows infertility specialists to pick the best quality sperms while carrying out the specialized test-tube baby procedure of ICSI helps magnify the image of the sperm 7,200 times which is 16 times higher than ICSI.Consultant gynecologist and infertility expert in Mohali Dr Hrishikesh Pai, while announcing the IMSI technique at the centre, said, \"The IMSI method was first developed in 2004 by a team led by Benjamin Bartoov of Barilan University in Israel, who used IMSI to identify sperms with a shape and size that indicated good genetic quality.\"He added, \"It is useful in couples with unexplained infertility. It has been shown that IMSI resulted in better egg fertilization rates, better quality embryos and therefore better pregnancy rates and reduces the chances of abortion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673197", "title": "Action against schools conducting interviews", "text": "PUNE: Schools conducting interviews of parents or students during admissions will face strict action from the state government, minister of education Rajendra Darda has said. Schools will be fined heavily if any parent complains against them for conducting interviews, which violates the Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, he said.Despite the fact that admission interviews were banned after the RTE Act came into effect, the state education department keeps receiving complaints from parents' organisations about schools conducting such interviews.Darda said, \"We will soon set up a committee to decide what action needs to be taken against schools that flout the provisions of the RTE Act. The state is planning to cancel the affiliation of such schools.\"According to the RTE Act, a school violating the act's provisions will be fined up to Rs 25,000 and for every violation after that, it will be fined up to Rs 50,000.Darda said, \"As per the RTE Act, the municipal commissioner will be the authority to take action against such schools, while the chief executive officer of the zilla parishad will be the authority for schools located outside municipal limits.\"The RTE Act prohibits schools from profiling students based on their parents' education. Schools are allowed to have categories on a \"rational and just\" basis. For instance, there can be a rational category for alumni and siblings. But within these categories, they are not allowed to conduct interviews of students or their parents.Admissions are to be carried out through a draw of lots. Schools have also been told that their objective and categories should be put in the public domain and be included in the school prospectus.Minority educational institutions like madarsas and Vedic pathshalas are not covered by the provisions of the RTE Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671611", "title": "NMC eyes Rs6,320 cr special grants from Maharashtra", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems the BJP-led Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is preparing itself to take a dig on the Congress-led government in the State during the pre-2014 general and Assembly elections. Despite the fact that the state has stopped sanctioning special grants of Rs15 crore per annum since 2000-01, a proposal has been prepared to seek special grants of a whopping Rs6,320 crore from the State.NMC's finance department has prepared the proposal and tabled it before the standing committee for its approval, which will then table it before the general body. The proposal will be submitted with the 4th Maharashtra State Finance Commission after getting the consent of the general body.According to the proposal, the NMC has decided to seek funds of Rs3,765 crore for construction of storm water drainage in the city. Besides, funds of Rs1,260 crore will be sought for increasing sewage treatment capacityand ensure treatment of entire sewage generated in the city. Special grants of Rs530 crore will be sought for development of rivers and lakes followed by Rs345 crore for development of roads, Rs270 crore for electricity infrastructure and Rs150 crore for solid waste management.The State used to sanction special grants of Rs15 crore per annum between 1995-96 and 2000-01. Though the government assured to increase the grants, they were stopped since 2001-02. Since then, the NMC has been demanding to restart special grants for the city, but nothing has happened till now. Besides, the NMC sought funds of Rs200 crore for redevelopment of IRDP roads a couple of years ago. The proposal is sill pending with the state. The Central government, on the recommendation of the State, had approved projects worth Rs1,700 crore for the city under JNNURM between 2006 and 2009.Trying to justify the demand, sources in the finance department said, \"The winter session of State legislature is organized in the city. Besides, five-star industrial area is proposed at Butibori. Besides, the location and other factors are expected to increase the demand of the city. The population has already increased to 24.05 lakh according to population census 2011. Thus, the NMC's responsibility is too increasing to a great extent. But there is no such steep increase on revenue side. Keeping the estimations of 2016, the NMC requires funds of Rs6,320 crore to keep up with the pace of city\".It may be a big boost if the NMC gets sanction of Rs6,320 crore from the state. But considering past experiences and the types of proposed projects, it may not be wrong to say that the NMC is cooking something fishy. It will be interesting to see the reaction from the state finance commission and also the government. The standing committee has convened a meeting on December 21 to discuss the proposal. The last day of the state legislature is also December 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671966", "title": "Why was Tatas not invited for industry meet? Bengal Cong chief asks Mamata", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal Congress chief Pradeep Bhattacharya tried to corner ally-turned-rival CM Mamata Banerjee with an uncomfortable poser on Tuesday: why a big industry house like the Tata Group was not invited for the industry meet organized by the state government here on Monday?\"The Tatas may have had to pull out of Singur, but why was no representative of the Tata group, which continues to do good business in the state, invited?\" Bhattacharya asked. He said, \"We will demand a white paper on the land bank that Mamata Banerjee is talking about. The details about the exact location and size of land that is available in the land bank should be made clear for industry to choose from.\"Lashing out at the CM for failing to attract industry to the state, Bhattacharya announced Congress's counter to the Bengal government's industry meet. \"In mid-January, we will organize a roundtable discussion where all the big industry houses will be invited to make their suggestions for revival of industry in the state, and we will forward it to the government for action,\" the PCC chief said, adding, \"we will certainly invite the Tata group\" for the seminar.On the issue of Singur, Bhattacharya said, \"we have been suggesting that the state government should go in for an out-of-court settlement with the Tatas so that people who are suffering there can get a reprieve. Otherwise, Singur will remain a political slogan and no industry will come up in the state,\" adding, \"even now, I feel the chief minister should speak to the Tatas\".Asked why Congress was attempting a parallel industry meet, when the state government is already working on it, Bhattacharya said, \"even if we are not in the government we want to convey to people that we are playing our role in working in the interests of the state\".He also told reporters that he is apprehensive of violence in Bengal ahead of the panchayat polls, and alleged that the ruling Trinamool Congress could pull out all stops to prevent rivals from filing their nominations. \"A delegation of the state Congress unit met the state election commissioner on Monday to seek permission for filing nominations with DM or SDM's office instead of BDO, which is the norm for panchayat polls,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672504", "title": "Chennai police arrest 3, crack murder of ex-SI's wife", "text": "CHENNAI: Two weeks after a retired special sub-inspector's wife was robbed and murdered in Red Hills, investigators on Tuesday arrested three men, including a share autorickshaw driver, for the crime.A special team worked through records and clues from eyewitnesses to track down the men who killed Mallika, 50, of Mathur, wife of retired SSI Sadasivam. Her body was recovered on December 4. She had been strangled and robbed.On the night of December 3, Mallika was returning from Kaveripakkam. \"She called her son on her cellphone at 9.30pm and told him she was taking a share auto from Koyambedu to Moolakadai, from where she would take another auto to Mathur,\" additional deputy commissioner of police S Jeyakumar said. \"That was the last time he heard from his mother.\" Investigators sifted through a list of 160 share autorickshaws from five stands. They found that three drivers did not show up for three days after the murder.Two of the drivers statements held up, but Venkatesan behaved shiftily when questioned and said he was out of town. Investigators nailed the lie when another driver saidVenkatesan confessed that he hatched and executed the plan with friends Parthiban, 26, a bar employee, and Sudhakar, 28, a lorry driver.he had seen Venkatesan at a bar Kodungaiyur on December 4.Mallika had walked into a trap laid by three men who were waiting for a woman with ornaments to rob. Police said the assailants had tried to target a couple of other women the previous week, but their plans didn't work out. By waving the share auto in which the three were waiting - two of them posing as passengers - Mallika, the wife of a retired special sub-inspector, became their prey.Police said auto driver Venkatesan, 33, a resident of Kodungaiyur had been hatching a plan to rob along with his friends Parthiban, 26, a Tasmac bar worker, and Sudhakar, a tanker lorry driver. \"All of them wanted some quick money,\" said additional deputy commissioner of police S Jeyakumar. Venkatesan wanted to repay debts that he incurred while running a chit fund business, Parthiban had big dreams of going abroad and Sudhakar wanted to get a new share auto.\"They confessed that they were planning to rob, but not kill. The trio used to meet at a tea shop and a Tasmac bar where they planned the strike. They seem to have tried to rob a couple of women, but they didn't get the right opportunity,\" an officer said. According to police, on December 3, Mallika boarded Venkatesan's auto along with five other passengers. The three men posed as passengers and never talked to each other. As soon as the other passengers got down, they pulled down the rain curtain of the autorickshaw. Mallika did not suspect anything as it was raining heavily. Venkatesan deviated from the route and moved towards the Madhavaram bridge. When the vehicle reached Manjambakkam, they gagged her. She struggled and fell unconscious. The men took her out of the auto, removed her jewellery and left her by the roadside.As soon as the body of Mallika, 50, wife of retired special sub-inspector Sadasivam, was found near a canal, police suspected the hands of an autorickshaw driver. Venkatesan, has been driving a share auto here for the past seven years. Police found him absenting from the auto stand in the days after the murder, and on questioning, he gave contradictory statements. Police said Venkatesan is married, Parthiban and Sudhakar are bachelors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670649", "title": "Panel uncovers \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcseries of errors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 in hospital death", "text": "MUMBAI: A series of 'errors' could have led to the death of Bhiku Tambe (65), who had collapsed after undergoing a CT scan at the state-run GT Hospital on Saturday. A three-member committee looking into the allegations of negligence has stumbled upon several slip-ups in patient care. They are likely to submit the report in the next couple of days.In the ongoing investigations, it has also come to the fore that Tambe was given an injection that could have further complicated his fragile health condition. He was admitted to St George Hospital on December 4 with breathlessness. Doctors suspected that he could be suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), a fatal lung disease, and had asked him to undergo a pulmonary CT angiography at GT Hospital. He died after undergoing the CT scan at GT Hospital on December 15. Documents related to the case show that Tambe was given a 'beta-blocker injection', usually given to treat an emergency heart condition, although it is considered risky for patients suffering from COPD. Questions have also been raised on the urgency to get the diagnosis done by doctors at St George Hospital, when treating the patient should have been a priority.The CT scan had revealed how Tambe's right lung was severely affected and how that had started affecting the function of his heart as well. The inquiry committee has been grappling to ascertain the cause of death as no post-mortem was being conducted on Tambe despite it being a medico-legal case. \"It remains unclear if his lungs collapsed or he suffered a cardiac arrest, or if he died of a dye infection,\" said a senior doctor adding that negligence could have happened at several places leading to the patient's death.Records have also found that doctors from St George Hospital were guilty of negligence for not accompanying the patient to GT Hospital when he came for the scan. According to Tambe's relatives, he felt uneasy while returning to St George Hospital after the scan in a taxi and unaccompanied by any doctor.Tambe had come back to GT Hospital's casualty where he finally succumbed at around 3.50pm on Saturday. The patient's case papers have already established how doctors from St George Hospital kept him on ventilator in the ICU for two hours despite being declared dead.The head of medicine department washed his hands off the case saying his contract expired in mid-October. Insiders maintain that he treated patients in the hospital till recently. Besides the four junior doctors of St George Hospital, the chief medical officer of GT Hospital has also come under scanner now for not carrying out the post-mortem and handing over the body to doctors at St George.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "17673395", "title": "NPCC wants solution to Naga problem before next election", "text": "DIMAPUR: The convener of the Political Affairs Committee (PAC) of the Nagaland Pradesh Congress Committee (NPCC), K Therie, reminded the people of Nagaland about the assurance of the Union home minister to bring a long-lasting solution to the Naga problem before the next election.Therie said, \"Since it is a complicated and sensitive issue and consensus from every section and neighbouring state is required, it is taking more time than expected.\" He was confident that \"a solution is on the anvil\".Making clear the stand of the Congress to the people of Nagaland on the Naga political issue, he said the party has initiated the policy of \"talks without preconditions\".\"We had finally won the heart of former Prime Minister and AICC president Late Rajiv Gandhi. He offered talks without pre-conditions at the Dimapur local ground on May 19, 1991,\" Therie said, adding that it is unfortunate for Nagaland in particular that Rajiv was brutally assassinated on May 21, 1991 at Perumbudur, Tamil Naidu.Further, the PAC convener stated that the Congress made its stand clear once again in the election manifesto of 1993 where it said the party will recognize the Naga political problem \"as a movement of the people and a human problem\", which, therefore, needs to be resolved through peaceful negotiation.\"We have continued to lobby in Delhi and on February 22, 1996, Prime Minister late PV Narasimha Rao came to Nagaland and offered talks with no conditions at Dimapur Stadium after which, ceasefire agreements were signed,\" stated the press note.The opposition Congress assured the people of Nagaland and Naga national workers in particular that the party will put its full weight to \"press the Centre with our historical relations with the Congress party in the nation for more sincerity and effort toward securing an early political solution\".\"People have observed the DAN government for over nine years and have seen that it has no policy in place for finding a solution to the Naga problem. It has failed miserably, leaving it on the Congress to take the initiative and play an active role to bring about a solution,\" Therie said. He added that he had written to all the Naga National Working Groups and also had serious consultations with the Nagaland governor. \"The governor took keen interest in the matter and has also taken it up with New Delhi,\" Therie stated.In the meantime, learning that the Centre had received a proposal from negotiating team, the PAC of NPCC decided not to intervene and wait to see the outcome.According to Therie, after a gap of one year, when nothing happened in May, 2012, senior Congress leaders consulted all groups of Naga National Workers regarding the course of action to be taken to secure a solution.An eight-member Congress delegation headed by state Congress president and CLP leader demanded a solution before the next election recently. Therie stated that the team had the opportunity to meet the Prime Minister, Union home minister and AICC president Sonia Gandhi. It was during this time that the Union home minister had assured a solution before the next election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17672736", "title": "6 anti-polio workers killed in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In a string of attacks in Pakistan , unidentified gunmen killed at least five female and one male health workers who were employed with a UN-backed programme to immunize children from polio, an endemic disease in the country. Five health workers, four of them women, were killed in three different locations in the port city of Karachi while another female health worked was gunned down in the suburbs of Peshawar on Tuesday.Saghir Ahmed, health minister of Sindh province, has issued an order to stop the anti-polio drive in the province in the wake of the attacks. \"The government has told 24,000 workers involved in polio vaccination that it is suspending the anti-polio drive in Sindh province,\" he said. In Karachi, unknown assailants targeted polio vaccination teams in Landhi, Mochko and Orangi areas.In Landhi area two female health workers were killed on the spot while another one was killed in Mochko. Two health workers were killed in Orangi. \"The firing in Orangi town killed one female worker on spot while a male worker was seriously wounded and died in hospital,\" said Dr Shafiq, head of the polio team. According to agency reports, unknown gunmen targeted a polio vaccination team in Peshawar and injured a 14-year-old girl who later died.No militant group has claimed responsibility for the attacks yet. Pakistani Taliban had issued several warnings in the past against the polio vaccination programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17673032", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Sonia Gandhi directs Sushilkumar Shinde to ensure quick action", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to the outrage over the gangrape of a physiotherapy student in south Delhi on Sunday night, Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Tuesday assured Parliament that the government proposed to have the case heard by a fast-track court, and would seek day-to-day hearing to ensure swift punishment for those behind the crime.Later in the evening, Congress president Sonia Gandhi directed Shinde to ensure that the criminals are tracked, swiftly punished and crimes against women are curbed. She also spoke with Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit and National Commission for Women (NCW) chief Mamta Sharma and asked them to consider proactive measures to deal with crimes against the fairer sex.Shinde announced a special task force under Union home secretary R K Singh to look into safety issues for women in Delhi \"by taking into consideration the suggestions made by MPs, but rejected the charge of negligence against Delhi Police in the particular incident\" . Rather, he praised police for their swift response, recalling how they had immediately launched an investigation into the gangrape, arresting four accused a day after the crime. \"The case was detected without loss of time, and four of the six accused, including the bus driver, have been arrested,\" he informed Parliament. Police are on the trail of the other two accused.The home minister, who took a detailed review of the law and order situation in the national Capital , also vowed to take strict action against police officers found guilty of negligence in connection with the horrific crime. He added that the Criminal Law Amendment Bill, 2012, for dealing with sexual offences has already been introduced in the Lok Sabha \"which seeks to rationalize various sections of the IPC dealing with sexual offences\" so as to improve the conviction rate.The bus in which the crime took place has been impounded and the MHA has directed Delhi Police to find out if the owner of the vehicle had undertaken police verification of the driver. If the owner slipped up and failed to get the bus driver verified by the police, he, too, will face action.The bus - bearing registration number DL-IPC-0149 - belongs to a private transporter and is used to ferry students of Birla Vidya Niketan School at Pushp Vihar in Saket.Seeking to allay the MPs' fears over safety of women in the national Capital, more so at night, Shinde said Delhi Police had taken a host of measures in this regard. All roads, he said, are patrolled by PCR vans at night and frequency of patrolling kept \"as high as possible\".\"Specific routes have been identified which are used by women returning from their workplaces like call centers/BPOs at night and the number of emergency response vehicles and PCR vans on these routes has been increased. Motorcycle patrols too have been introduced on these vulnerable routes,\" he added.The Delhi Police, said Shinde, has directed BPOs and other establishments to drop their employees at their doorsteps at night.Three dedicated helplines are functional for women. Shinde said the helpline numbers have been adequately publicized.Meanwhile, Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar on Tuesday described the gangrape incident as \"shocking and brutal\" , adding that the investigating team might soon add harsher charges like attempt to murder.The commissioner added that he had also met Union home secretary R K Singh and a decision had been taken to push a \"long-pending\" demand of inducting another 307 PCR vehicles to the existing fleet of 635. Police will also identify routes frequented by women and intensify the drive of issuing challans to rogue vehicles, Kumar said.He assured that CCTV cameras will be placed all across the city. `We have already put up 1095 CCTV cameras; another 4000 will be set up soon. Besides this, I have instructed the joint commissioner of traffic to launch a campaign against permit violations by chartered buses,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673022", "title": "Rahul flaunts women SHGs' success to J&K; CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Accompanied by Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah and senior Congress leader Saifuddin Soz , AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi arrived on a day-long tour of his parliamentary constituency Amethi on Tuesday. Bringing the Kashmiri leaders to his home constituency to flaunt the successful models of women self-help groups, Rahul also made a valiant attempt to brush aside exit poll projections for Gujarat's assembly elections. Following a five-hour tour of his parliamentary constituency, when questioned about party's anticipated loss in Gujarat, Rahul responded by saying, \"We'll see when the results are out.'' On Tuesday, all exit polls were unanimous in projecting a clear loss for the Congress in Gujarat.Appearing unfazed about the imminent verdict, Rahul's focus, however, was on the panchayati raj institutions in Amethi and empowering women, as a part of this model. The entourage travelled to Kasimpur, Bahadurpur and Lakshmi Shah ka Purwa, three villages where the Congress leaders interacted with women to understand how they carried out their businesses. Abdullah, who interacted briefly with the press, said, \"We accompanied Rahul because he wanted to show us some successful models of self-help groups at work. We plan, now, to see how these models may be replicated in Jammu and Kashmir.\"National Conference was earlier charged with opposing a powerful local self government system in the hill state, arguing it would erode the state's autonomy. In addition, panchayat elections in Jammu and Kashmir were also marred by violence. In 2006, panchayat elections were deferred because of security considerations; in 2001, no polling was held in the districts of Kupwara, Baramulla and Bandipora due to terrorist threats. From April to June 2011, though, a staggering 79% of Jammu and Kashmir's 5.07 million voters had participated in what Abdullah referred to as the state's \"first real panchayat elections in 33 years\". Though the National Conference had earlier rejected the extension of the 73{+r}{+d} amendment of the Indian Constitution, which gave panchayats significant rights and powers, to Jammu and Kashmir, Tuesday's visit to Amethi may signal change.On Tuesday, though Rahul was also expected to meet party workers from Tiloi and Bahadurpur block, both workers' meetings were cancelled. After spending a few hours interacting with women in the self-help groups, functioning under the umbrella of Rajiv Gandhi Foundation, the trio proceeded back to Fursatganj where they were joined by Priyanka Gandhi. Priyanka, who concluded her two-day tour of Rae Bareli on Tuesday, also interacted with some beneficiaries of UP government's Humari Beti Uska Kal programme under which UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav distributed cheques of Rs 30,000 to Muslim girls to facilitate their higher education. Priyanka, who interacted with block-level Congress workers during her two-day stint, was reportedly focusing on democratising the party's functioning to include more grassroot level workers in the decision making processes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672078", "title": "Economists cast doubt on cash transfer, say violence limits freedom of choice for women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Increasing violence against women limits their freedom of choice. That casts doubt on the efficacy of policy decisions like cash transfer through which the UPA government aims to give women freedom of choice and empower the poor.Calling cash transfer the \"big elephant in the room\", IIM-Bangalore professor Gita Sen said, \"Given the rising violence against women and denial of rights to them, what would be the actual participation of the women and the community (in cash transfer)?\"She was speaking at a programme where UN Women, Planning Commission and the women and child development ministry highlighted the need to prioritize women in national schemes. Sen wondered who would work out the details of the scheme that aims to reach places which are untouched by technology.Leading economists and UN Women examined eight national flagship schemes for their impact on women. \"From our comprehensive review of these schemes, it is clear that much more needs to be done to put the right approaches in place on issues such as economic participation of women,\" said Anne F Stenhammer, regional programme director of UN Women South Asia.The economists found that women were adversely affected by schemes for infrastructure and manufacturing. Analyzing the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), they found the programme has, in many instances, led to displacement of traditional livelihoods of poor women. \"We recommend a thorough review of the policy for its impact on the livelihoods of urban poor at the inception stage itself,\" Yamini Mishra of UN Women said.WCD minister Krishna Tirath launched a set of eight policy briefs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'Policies are not Gender Neutral'. \"With the inputs from these economists, we will now work with the concerned line ministries to convince them to take action that the gender gaps identified in key policies and sectors are implemented,\" Tirath said.Talking about cash transfer, Sen of IIM-Bangalore said it was a demand side intervention. \"It's as if the government is throwing up its hands and expressing its inability to improve the supply side intervention or improve the access to quality of services,\" she added.Demand side financing directs attention away from supply side financing, she said. Drawing upon past experience of similar schemes, Sen said, \"Since institutional delivery is not safe, give them the money and the job is done... What is the voice of the community, of the women in this? Have they told you what kind of improvement they need?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17672046", "title": "Ahmedabad couple speaks volumes about love", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was love at first sight for Palak and Krutesh. Their bond is rooted in silence and their romance has stood the test of family opposition.Palak Shah (20), a beautician from Mumbai, met a budding businessman of Bopal, Krutesh Shah (25), a couple of years back. Palak and Krutesh have hearing and speech impairment but that hardly caused any trouble. In perfect synch with each other, the young lovebirds \"needed no words to interact\".Faced with opposition from the girl's family, the love story took a predictable turn. On December 7, the couple got married at a temple and then rushed to the Goregaon police in Mumbai to preempt any move by family members to file a complaint. Goregaon police were overwhelmed with their love story and were only too eager to help them.Palak told TOI, \"My parents were apprehensive of me moving out of Mumbai. They were worried about my wellbeing and did not want me to marry Krutesh..\"Krutesh's mother Nita said, \"When he was just a year old, my husband who is a doctor and I realized that Krutesh could not hear anything that we told to him. But, we took this in our stride and got Krutesh admission in a normal school at Dahod where we used to stay then. He was brought up as a normal child and he was intelligent, and diligent enough to pick up the challenge and successfully compete with other children of his age.\"This success is amply reflected in Krutesh's academic qualifications now. He holds a master's degree in commerce and is busy setting up a business of selling German silver. Krutesh's wanderlust took him to his lady love in Mumbai.\"I met her with another group of physically challenged people in Mumbai. At first glance, I knew I was in love. She is not just beautiful but also has a very sweet temper,\" said Krutesh.Palak said, \"I was drawn to him because he is of caring nature and is confident of himself. Our courtship continued for over two years. During this period we met frequently whenever he came to Mumbai.\" Now, the worst is over and they are ready to embark on their honeymoon to Shimla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674942", "title": "'Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya' gets 'U'", "text": "Santhanam's maiden production venture Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) starring himself, Sethu and Power Star Srinivasan has been cleared by the censors with a 'U' certificate. The film which was to release on December 21 has now been pushed to January 25, for the Republic day weekend.KLTA is said to be a comedy film directed by Manikandan. It also stars VTV ganesh in an important role Vishakha plays the female lead. The film is believed to be a full-fledged comedy entertainer which will tickle the funny bones and the music has been scored by Thaman and cinematography by Balasubramaniem.The audio was launched by Shankar and received by STR recently at a grand function held at the Devi Cineplex. Produced by Santhanam under his his Handmade Films banner ' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' promises to be a complete laugh riot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17673429", "title": "Maharashtra bill seeks to bring new KGs, nurseries under government control", "text": "NAGPUR: The legislative council on Tuesday passed a bill that will bring pre-primary education under its control. After the Maharashtra Self-Financed School Bill becomes a law any institution or person desirous of opening a nursery or KG will have to seek permission from school education department. More importantly, permission will be granted only if the applicant is ready to provide primary education too. This bill will not effect the existing nurseries and kindergartens.The bill comes up for discussion in the legislative assembly on Wednesday and will be likely passed in this session. The provisions will come into effect from next academic session.School education minister Rajendra Darda told the council that new pre-primary schools were being regulated to ensure that the 25% quota for poor under RTE was provided by private schools. \"Many schools only admit their kindergarten II students to standard I. So if there is no control over pre-primary education then the schools will not implement the 25% quota in nursery and kindergarten and will finally say that they have no vacancies left in standard I.\"The decision to regulate pre-primary education has not gone down well with the education fraternity. A KG principal, said, \"It is unfair for the state government to start meddling in our affairs.Basically we (pre-primary institutes) do not receive even a single dime in grants or favours, so on what basis is the government trying to dictate terms to us. Our industry survives solely due to quality and competitive fee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17671274", "title": "Enough talk, let's make women safe", "text": "Every time there is a rape, we the city residents cringe at the reports in shame, wring our hands in frustration, and often cower in fear because our daughters, sisters and wives go out to work, along the very same routes stalked by depraved men who think nothing of violating, maiming and torturing women.There is the usual press conference by politicians, briefing on the investigation by cops and protests by women's groups. Sometimes the culprits are nabbed, often they get away without a trace and a closure report is filed. Then there is another rape. Without any time to recover. And the whole process of quiet acceptance enacts itself all over again.As if there's no getting away from this sordid, fearful reality of daily life in our metros. But does it have to be so? Can't we say enough is enough? Can't we put in place an action plan that protects 50% of the population, the women of our country, better? We can.First, the law must prove a stronger deterrent to sexual crimes. Parliament on Tuesday demanded death penalty for rapists. However, women's groups say that this might actually increase the risk for women victims - as murder and rape will carry the same maximum punishment, rapists will be tempted to kill their victims in order to obliterate the eyewitness.So, it would be a better idea to forcibly make rapists undergo chemical castration. What does it do? With the help of anti-androgen drugs, this reduces sex drive, compulsive sexual fantasies, and the capacity for sexual arousal. It is a practice used in many countries.However, any punishment can come only if there is conviction. Therefore, we also need special courts to deal with sexual crimes speedily. Quicker trials are likely to lead to higher conviction because if cases drag on indefinitely the complainant often loses her zeal to pursue it.Next, the administration should ensure better patrolling of city streets. A high police visibility is an immediate deterrent. In New Delhi, now dubbed rape capital, the police have about 80,000 personnel but a huge chunk of it is involved in VIP duty or attached to special units, leaving just 22,000-25,000 active policemen on city streets. The pattern would be the same in other cities.Similarly, with just 635 PCR (police control room) vans for a megacity the size of Delhi, there is an acute shortage of vehicles, especially on stretches in the fringe areas. There's need for more vehicles and spreading them out more evenly so that all parts of cities are patrolled.Another thing that will help immensely is sensitizing the police force about sex crimes. At present there's a tendency to wink at 'eve-teasing'. The term 'eve-teasing' should be banished for, this is nothing but a sexual crime and brooks zero tolerance. Also it is a double trauma for victims to narrate their complaint of sexual harassment or worse to male cops. So, there should be more women cops in our thanas. At present, it's only 7-8%. The immediate target should be 20%, and more won't hurt.In India, technology too can come into play. It doesn't take much to arm public buses, chartered and school buses, auto-rickshaws and taxis with GPS. And the recent CCTV footage of the bus in which the 23-year-old medical student was gangraped has brought into sharp focus the need for such cameras.We have laid out this action plan in the hope that some of it will see the light of day. For, a country that cannot protect its women is only half a country. And India can do far better than that.Read story: Delhi gang rape case - Cops got first clue from CCTV of hotel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671585", "title": "Cut in dalit welfare fund angers social justice ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The social justice ministry has revolted against the Centre's formula of meeting the budgetary target for 'dalit welfare' by including the community's 'consumption share' in sectors where direct benefits to them cannot be calculated.The red-flag on Planning Commission's methodology to compute Scheduled Castes Sub Plan, the obligation of almost every ministry to allocate funds exclusively for dalits in proportion to their population, comes amid concerns that shortfall in SCSP this year may be up to Rs 23,000 crore.The social justice ministry has seen red that government is devising shortcuts to make up for the shortfall in 'dalit plan'.The shortcut involves including the expenditure of ministries that are under no obligation to allocate funds under SCSP. The method, listed in the 12th Plan document, questionably factors in the \"estimated consumption proportion of SCs\" in what these ministries spend.Ironically, the inclusion of 'estimated consumption' flies in the face of the exemption to these ministries from SCSP because their 'universal services' cannot be calculated in terms of benefits to a social group.Social justice minister Selja has shot off letters to the prime minister and the Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, protesting the methodology and seeking a rollback. She also urged the government to ensure that 'dalit plan' meets the obligation of 16.2% of the Union Budget.An angry Selja wrote, \"I would like to reiterate that only such allocations which benefit SCs directly are expected to be included under SCSP. Inclusion of imputed consumption proportion of SCs does not seem justifiable and is against the intention of the SCSP strategy. This in my view is inappropriate and should be taken out of the SCSP outlay.\"Selja has protested that the plan panel has not factored in concerns of her ministry in the 12th Plan document despite the PM's advice at an October Cabinet meeting.At a time when government is seeking to repair damage done to its pro-dalit image by the delay in restoring 'promotion quota', the suggestions of shortcuts on 'dalit plan' could come with political costs.Selja has asked the plan panel to revisit the issue before the meeting of the National Development Council that will approve the plan document on December 27.Sources said the row may embarrass Congress which has flagged 'dalit plan' as priority agenda. Andhra Pradesh government last month promulgated a law to give statutory backing to SCSP.The issue is compounded by the fact that social justice ministry has been corresponding with the PM and the plan panel for over a year now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672796", "title": "20 arrested for placing Haj house board on site, released", "text": "AURANGABAD: The demand for a Haj house in the city took a serious turn on Tuesday after Bharatiya Republican Party Bahujan Mahasangh city president and corporator Amit Bhuigal and his supporters installed a board proclaiming a Haj house at the proposed site near Shahi Masjid.Police teams including that of crime branch and forces attached to Begumpura and City Chowk police stations rushed to the spot, plucked out the board and arrested him and 20 of his supporters for illegal encroachment. All those arrested, including 10 women , were released on Tuesday evening.The spot was also visited by senior officials including assistant commissioner of police Sandeep Bhajibhakare, acting ACP (crime) Rameshwar Thorat, City Chowk police station in charge Arjun Bhand and Begumpura police station in charge Sunil Telure.Speaking to TOI, Bhuigal said, \"The proposal for the Haj house construction has been pending for many years, but the administration does not seem to be interested in providing land for its construction. We have appealed to guardian minister Balasaheb Thorat to fulfil our demands.\"A group of five youths, Abdul Azim (30) of Kat Kat Gate, Shaikh Saeed Shaikh Mehmood (35) of Hudco, Meraj Khan Sher Khan (23), Amjad Khan (32) of Sanjay Nagar and Qazi Yaser Siddiqi (35), a teacher and a resident of Beri Bagh, sat at the collectorate on a hunger strike since December 10 to seek a Haj house. The construction has not only got a green signal from the secretariat but the district administration received Rs 4 crore two years ago.Many others joined the agitation and political parties have been at the forefront to grab the limelight. The city unit of the NCP took a delegation to Nagpur to meet home minister RR Patil for the Haj house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17670973", "title": "Mother saves 3-year-old girl from sexual assault", "text": "NOIDA: A three-year-old girl was saved by her mother from an alleged sexual assault in a Noida village. Sources said the 'perpetrator' was thrashed by the villagers before being paraded with his head shaved off. The police, however, denied the claims and said no complaint had been registered.The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon when the child's parents had gone to work, added sources. The 23-year old man, the child's neighbour, allegedly tried to fondle her when her mother spotted them, a neighbour said. The mother then raised the alarm and soon the villagers gathered.Someone alerted the police and a PCR van arrived. The youth managed to escape in the ensuing melee.Police said they were informed about a brawl in the area. They had not received a molestation complaint from the parents, they added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12948443", "title": "Noticed Mammootty's gait ?", "text": "Mammootty never walked the way he does today, before he was injured during the shoot of the flick, Sphodanam.The film had a scene wherein the actor was required to jump across a wall; he injured his leg as the shot was being filmed . That resulted in Mammootty's new gait to put less pressure on the injured leg. However, the actor's style of walking is as popular as his stardom in M'wood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17672916", "title": "BSF arrests 17 Pak intruders, kills one", "text": "JAISALMER: Alert BSF jawans caught 17 Pakistani intruders and killed one. Heroin with Pakistani hallmark worth Rs 25 crore was caught at the Indian border. To strengthen the security arrangement at the international border of Pakistan adjoining Rajasthan, the border check posts of BSF are being beefed up with hi-tech gadgets.According to the BSF Rajasthan frontier official sources, due to the alertness of BSF jawans deployed at 1,041km long Pakistan border, in the last one year, have thwarted many efforts of intrusion from the Pak border and caught 17 intruders alive, while killed an intruder. Similarly, BSF jawans caught 13 Bangladeshis and a Nepali intruder trying to get into Pakistan. Apart from this, 39 Indian citizens were caught in suspicious conditions at the Indo-Pak international border. Sources said BSF jawans apart from thwarting the intrusion, have caught heroin worth Rs 25 crore, 16 mobile phones, 7 motorcycles, Pakistani currency notes 1000, 95000 dinar and Rs 14800 in cash. For effective vigilance of BSF deployed at the international border adjoining India, the distance between the check posts will be reduced. For this, the union home ministry has approved to open 509 border out posts (BOPs).Now to keep watch at the border, under border management programme, out posts would be made hi-tech and would be upgraded. High technique surveillance devices would be put at these check posts. Battle field surveillance radar, hand-held imager, long range recce and observation system and night vision device will be installed at these check posts.Nearly 126 BOPs adjoining Pakistan and a maximum of 383 BOPs at Bangladesh border will be opened. Also, 23 BOPs will be opened at the border adjoining Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17672482", "title": "VITCOS buses on poll duty, commuters hassled", "text": "VADODARA: Citizens using public transport to commute daily faced a tough time just before and on voting day. The district administration had requisitioned most of the buses plied by VITCOS on city roads on December 16 and 17. The buses were used to ferry security personnel as well as poll officials stationed in the city's five assembly constituencies. While voting passed smoothly, commuters had to hire autorickshaws to reach their destinations.The district administration requisitioned 57 VITCOS buses for election duties, over and above the state transport (ST) and dozens of other private luxury buses. VITCOS has a fleet of 78 buses which ply several routes in the city. About 60 to 65 buses ply every day, while the rest go to maintenance. This is the only economical public transport option for citizens, who were forced to pay more.\"Commuters had trouble on most of the routes where VITCOS buses usually ply. Our buses were taken away on Sunday morning and Monday afternoon for election duty. The last of the buses was returned on Monday night,\" a VITCOS official said. He added they received several complaints from the public. tnnPrivate tour operators were up in arms against the district administration for taking away their buses ahead of the election. The operators were also unhappy with the rental paid by the government for vehicles used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671728", "title": "Private schools resent govt muscling in on their turf", "text": "NAGPUR: The proposed Self Financed School Bill will come up for discussion in the state assembly this week and private schools are wary of state flexing its muscles. The bill will empower education department to regulate pre-primary education, an unchartered territory so far. Those running pre-primary schools functioned with no education department supervision and the new bill will change that. Though these changes will not be applicable to existing schools, still the owners resent the tightening grip.While no school owner wished to speak on record fearing government reprisal, no one was happy with the tightening grip. \"Pre-primary education has survived and flourished solely due to its quality. There is enough competition in the city in pre-primary education and quality is the only thing that keeps fuelling its growth. Now the government wants to ensure they have a say as well. It is just the control-freak attitude of the government and nothing else,\" said a school owner.Another questioned the basis on which the government was flexing its muscles. \"You (government) have not given us the land for schools. You have not given us subsidized electricity or water supply. In fact, you have not given us a single dime for anything. Then on what basis are you storming into our private affairs and dictating terms and conditions that we must operate on,\" she said.City MLC from teacher's constituency NG Ganar feels government is shirking off its responsibility. \"The law says it is the government's responsibility to provide free education to a child. By exercising control over private bodies, the state just wants to shift entire burden there, and if anything goes wrong then we all know who can be blamed,\" said Ganar.Another school owner who operates a stand-alone pre-primary school said, \"the bigger names use their pre-primary institutes as feeder schools and hence it works out financially well for them. If now the government starts controlling the way I operate this school then I will be restricted in so many ways, and maybe it will be better just to close down. Is that what we want? That only the bigger names survive because of their financial strength and the smaller ones shut shop? Also if there are fewer pre-primary schools then the fee will be high and the common man will suffer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672669", "title": "Global business challenges discussed at fourth GBMF meet", "text": "KANPUR: The 4th Global Business Management Forum (GBMF) International Conference-2012 titled \"The best of breed practices in changing global business environment\", hosted by Gaur Hari Singhania Institute of Management and Research (GHSIMR) in collaboration with GBMF (US) ended here on Monday.Vice-chancellor, CSJM University, Kanpur, Prof. Ashok Kumar, was the chief guest at the valedictory ceremony. President GBMF and director GHSIMR Prof. Prithvi Yadav welcomed the chief guest and informed about the launch of the GBMF Brazil Chapter.Vice-president and professor at Arthur Jack Graduate School of Business, University of West Indies, Prof. Gaur Saha, summarized the proceedings of the two days. He informed that title of the conference points towards the global economic crisis which has brought about challenging times for business and economies alike.Hence, the need for implementing the best of breed practices.The conference saw around 91 papers from India, Australia, Bangladesh, US, UK, West Indies and Kazakhstan being presented.Altogether 75 papers were presented in these two days in eight technical sessions. There were four keynote lectures by distinguished academicians and professionals like Prof Rajendra Shirole, Kent Business School, University of Kent, UK, Prof Miguel Carrillo, executive director, Arthur Lok Jack Graduate School of Business, University of West Indies, Swami Chidrupananda, director, All India Yuva Kendra, Chinmay Mission and Mr Girish Pande, chief income tax commissioner, Kanpur.Director, IIT-Kanpur, Prof Indranil Manna, was chief guest at the ceremony on day one of the two-day meet.President, GBMF Bangladesh Chapter and Dean, School of Business Management, Eastern University, Dhaka Prof Nazrul Islam, said that on behalf of Bangladesh Chapter and all the participants from Bangladesh, some of whom could not make it to the conference, he wished all success for the conference.The programme concluded with a vote of thanks from Prof. Somil Mishra. All faculty, staff and students were present for the occasion with guests like Prof. Nazrul Islam, Prof. Masud Hussain and others.Amin gets ISAM award:International Society of Agile Manufacturing (ISAM) of the US has conferred Lifetime Achievement Award upon Mukhtarul Amin, CMD of Superhouse Group, for remarkable contribution in the industry at a glittering ceremony on December 16 at IT-BHU in Varanasi in the International Conference on Agile Manufacturing.Awards distributed:A colourful prize distribution ceremony was organized to declare the winners of 'Kabad Se Jugad' (Best out of waste) competition arranged by Corporate Hr, JK Cements Limited, under the banner -- fun@work -- here on Tuesday. The JK employees who have created best out of waste material were rewarded by senior company officials and socialites present on the occasion.The amazing talent and beautiful creativity amazed the audiences at the prize distribution ceremony. Amongst the category of making decorative items from waste, Ajay Singh, Santosh Yadav and Kavisha Gupta got first, second and third prize respectively.Nitya Wadhwa, deputy manager HR said that such activities inculcate the habit of utilizing the resource to the best in the employees. Through the competitions, they will learn to opt and draft the same in both their personal and professional life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673233", "title": "Banker hangs himself with wife's scarf", "text": "RANCHI: An official of Punjab National Bank committed suicide at his two-storey house in Kokar here on Tuesday.Ratan Das, 58, who was posted at the Gumla branch of the bank and had come to Ranchi on leave, hanged himself from the ceiling in the morning. The incident came to light when the banker's wife, who was sleeping at the first floor of the house, went to wake him up but did not get any response, police said.Jagannath Oraon, the officer in charge of the Sadar police station, said the man was found hanging by using a duppata of his wife when neighbhours broke open the door. A case of unnatural death has been lodged in this connection.Investigating officer of the case Dinesh Singh said the deceased had left behind a suicide note. \"The suicide note says that the man had no grouse against anyone,\" added Singh. Family members have told police that Das was jovial in nature and had no worry at home. \"We will contact his office for more information and try to find out if there had been some problems at his workplace,\" said Singh.In another incident, local businessman Javed Akhtar was shot at in Ratu. The incident occurred around 6 am when Akhtar, who runs a crusher unit in Ratu, when he went on a walk at Hurhuri village. The gunman wrapped in a blanket targeted his head. tnnThe victim fell to the ground on the spot and locals rushed him to the hospital.Officer in charge of Ratu police station Satendra Narayan Singh said Akhtar had suspected one Idu Ansari to be behind the shooting. \"We are investigating the case and the accused will be nabbed soon,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672258", "title": "Allahabad scholar bags prestigious award", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Well known social scientist and educationist of the city Dr T C Pathak has received the prestigious 'Bharat Jyoti Award' of The India International Friendship Society at India International Centre New Delhi for his contribution to rural development, education and social reform.The award, including a certificate of excellence, was presented to Pathak during a National Seminar on 'Economic Growth &amp; National Integration' and he would be honoured at the society's annual ceremony on December 20 at India International Centre, New Delhi.The citation said Pathak had been given the award for more than three decades of meritorious services, outstanding performance and remarkable role in the field of education, administration, mass awareness, rural development and social work.Hailing from an illustrious family of freedom fighters, Pathak was born and brought up at Anand Bhawan in the city. He has been associated closely projects related to mass awareness, rural development and social work initiated by R N Kapoor, Nana Ji Deshmukh, environmentalist Sundar Lal Bahuguna, former prime minister Chandra Shekhar , former J &amp; K governor Jagmohan, Dr Karan Singh, Anna Hazare , Sarla Ben (Associate of Mahatma Gandhi ) Ashram, Uttarakhand , Hari Bhai, Prem Bhai, Meera Ben and His Holiness Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Ji.Pathak is chairman of Kids Club School and national director (Communication &amp; Public Relation) MVM Group of Schools run and managed by Maharishi Shiksha Sansthan and is running and managing successfully more than 150 public schools and five management institutes across India, two universities and five B.Ed. Colleges in different states of India.As an educationist and administrator, he has spent seven years as head of the department (Commerce &amp; Management) Ishwar Saran Degree College, Allahabad University and registrar Maharishi Mahesh Yogi Vedic Vishwavidyalaya, Madhya Pradesh. He is also chairman of Human Resource Development Foundation and secretary general of Environmental Health Organisation and member of the executive committee of many NGOs.Talking to TOI on phone from Delhi, Pathak said, \"It is a rare honour bestowed upon me for my service in varied fields. My advice to those involved in similar work is to adopt a focused approach to achieve optimum utilisation of resources.\"He said others who received the award include Mother Teresa , Vice President B D Jatti, ex-Governor and former Supreme Court judge Justice M Fathima Beevi, former election commissioner S V G Krishnamurthy, cine stars, Dev Anand, Sunil Dutt, renowned sarod player Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , cricketer Sunil Gavaskar, Congress leader Mohsina Kidwai , and Vice Chancellor Jiwaji University Gwalior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673230", "title": "Winged guests giving Ranchi a miss", "text": "RANCHI: The state capital is missing the cackling of the of winged guests and the peculiar sound they make as they wade across the many water bodies in the city. Like previous years, migratory birds have started coming to Ranchi, but their numbers are far lesser than seen in the past. But even this sight is going to be a rare phenomenon, particularly for the people of Ranchi, whose anthropogenic activities are taking a toll on these birds' annual habit of converging to the lakes around the capital.The lesser number of birds has left many bird lovers disappointed. D S Srivastava, a well-know zoologist in Ranchi, said: \"The birds are scared of the disturbances in the locations which they have been choosing for stay. Once a group of birds get afraid of a certain place, the group communicates it to the others in their flock and the number of the visiting birds goes down every passing year.\"Thousands of migratory birds from Siberia and Northern Europe flock to India as they head to the warm south during winter. The birds mainly migrate from these areas because of freezing conditions. The flight of the birds takes place from polar regions to tropical destinations where they find conducive atmosphere for breeding and nesting their offspring.Experts said that over 50 species of migratory birds - including pintail duck, Siberian duck, various other genres of duck, stork, tit and others - stop by the lakes of Jharkhand and surrounding states as they move further south. The arrival of the birds starts from mid-October and November to December. The birds leave their summer habitats for a couple of months and return in January. Mainly the birds visit West Bengal and Odisha apart from other states like Chhatisgarh.Srivastava said that Jharkhand falls in the transit route of these birds. \"Earlier, the birds used to stay in Ranchi for than 10 to 15 days. These days they are barely here for three to four days while on their way to their final destination,\" he said.Prominent city-based environmentalist Nitish Priyadarshi said the growing urbanization and increased movement of human beings around water bodies have led to the dwindling number of these feathered guests. \"Poaching by locals, pollution in water bodies where these birds stay, lack of food for the birds in the water bodies and boating in these lakes are some of the factors which have led to lesser number of birds stopping at the state capital,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673172", "title": "Shiv Sena eyes Park garden, memorial across road", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena has softened its stand on a permanent memorial at Shivaji Park for its former chief Bal Thackeray . While it tabled a proposal for a green patch in Thackeray's memory at the park, it is exploring options on Veer Savarkar Marg for a memorial. Sena leader Sada Sarvankar said besides the Mayor's bungalow, the Sena was also weighing the option of a permanent memorial opposite Shivaji Park. \"There is a plot of land at the Brihanmumbai Mahanagar Palika Krida Bhavan near Sant Dyaneshwar Udyan. It belongs to the BMC. We will table a proposal in the corporation,\" said Sarvankar. The plot is usually let out for weddings.Meanwhile at the BMC's meeting of group leaders on Tuesday, a proposal was tabled by Yashodhar Phanse, leader of the house, for allocation of a 40x20ft area at Shivaji Park to develop a green space between the Shivaji statue and Shivaji Park Nagrik Sangh. The proposal also sought demarcation of the patch by a mud boundary. Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte said he would look into the matter. But no proposal was tabled for construction of a permanent memorial. Tuesday's proposal was silent on naming the garden 'Shiv Tirth' or setting up a plaque, demands the Sena made earlier. Moreover, Dilip Landge, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena leader in the civic body, told TOI his party will oppose a mud structure at Shivaji Park.Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had said on Friday that Bal Thackeray's makeshift memorial would be replaced by a plaque and garden at another area in the park while the memorial would come up elsewhere. .Asked what the proposed garden will comprise as all materials at the makeshift memorial were immersed on Tuesday, Sarvankar said, \"It will be like Hutatma Chowk. The garden will be developed in his memory.\"Home minister R R Patil on Tuesday said the government would allow a memorial if it was within the framework of the law. Welcoming the Sena's move to remove the temporary structure from Shivaji Park, Patil said the memorial must be on disputefree land.Shiv Sena's alternatives1. The Sena wants to develop a green space at Shivaji Park, between the Shivaji statue and the Shivaji Park Nagrik Sangh. It is currently occupied by a container of the BMC's conservancy department. A proposal for a 40x20ft patch for the garden was tabled in the BMC by civic house leader Yashodhar Phanse on Tuesday2. The Sena is also considering the option of setting up a permanent memorial on the Brihanmumbai Mahanagar Palika Krida Bhavan ground (in pic) on Veer Savarkar marg, opposite Shivaji Park. The BMC-owned plot is often rented out for weddings", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17672175", "title": "Civic body plans separate legal department", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to set up a legal department and revise the panel of its lawyers.At present, deputy commissioner (octroi) Haribhau Phadol is holding additional charge of the legal section. There is no separate official or separate department for legal affairs.When the issue had come up at the meeting of the standing committee on Monday, members had urged the chairman to strengthen the legal department of the civic body as it was necessary to have strong arguments in the court on behalf of the NMC in land acquisition cases.Praksh Londhe of RPI (A) said, \"We are losing land acquisition cases in the court as strong argument is not made in the court by the lawyers. Hence, a separate legal department should be set up in NMC.\" Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said, \" A separate legal department is to be set up shortly at the head office. Moreover, there is also a plan to revise the panel of lawyers.\"Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"We are planning to revise NMC's panel of lawyers. We are in the process of computerising all the departments. All data and important documents will be computerised. Hence, it will be possible to check the performance of NMC's lawyers and their past records. Cases of NMC will be given to those lawyers, who have good record of winning cases.\"The legal department of NMC has been on the radar of the standing committee over the past few months. At the meeting on September 1, the members had lambasted the officials of the legal department of NMC for being lethargic and incompetent in carrying out their work. The members had demanded the status regarding the resolution of the standing committee to sue NMC's lawyer V V Parakh for not submitting necessary evidence in the district court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672700", "title": "CBI team inspects CMO office at Ursala Horseman hospital", "text": "KANPUR: A CBI team from Lucknow made a surprise inspection at the Chief Medical officer's office situated at Ursala Horseman hospital here on Tuesday. The team took stock of various schemes running under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) during the time of CMO Dr Ashok Mishra.Two officials from CBI wing reached CMO office at UHM hospital on Tuesday morning. They directly went to the clerk office and started inspecting the data and transactions done at the time of former CMO, Dr Ashok Mishra. He was CMO, Kanpur from 25-08-2009 to 2011.Sources said that the officials collected bundles of date and payslips and also asked for the copies of contracts of various pharmaceutical, insurance, vehicle companies, which are directly or indirectly involved in catering any of the NRHM scheme during the period of Dr Ashok Mishra.The CBI team carried out inspection for more than five hours, during which the officials of the health department remained on their toes. The CBI searched the records of various schemes like 'Jananai Avam Shishu Suraksha Yojana', 'Gramin Swasthya Gurantee Yojana' and School health program.The CBI team also collected the data of the transactions made by the CMO at that time and checked various medicines supplied in the NRHM programs.As per CBI sources, this entire exercise was a inspection related to much hyped NRHM scam. This inspection will also continue on Wednesday and CBI is expected to visit the CMO office at Ramadevi on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673181", "title": "'Cong has many options to Kalmadi'", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre said on Tuesday that the party has many alternatives to MP Suresh Kalmadi and the decision about party's candidate for Pune Lok Sabha seat will be taken at an appropriate time.Thakre was speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan via video conferencing. Last month, the All India Congress Committee observer Kewal Singh Dhillon held several rounds of meetings with political leaders, elected representatives and party workers to discuss the possible candidate for the Pune Lok Sabha seat.While Dhillon is believed to have submitted his report to the party high command, the local leaders have started hectic lobbying for the nomination, sensing that the high command might opt for an outsider as party candidate.When asked about the Dhillon's report and the party's stand on MP Suresh Kalmadi, Thakre said, \"The Congress doesn't have to worry. We have many alternatives for the Pune Lok Sabha seat. The AICC observer was in Pune to take stock of the situation and not to finalize the nomination.\"Thakre added, \"The Lok Sabha elections are not so close. There is enough time for preparation and the party will decide on the candidate at an appropriate time.\"MP Suresh Kalmadi, who was suspended from the party following his arrest in April last year in connection with the Commonwealth Games scam, has already announced that he would contest the LS elections from Pune.Sources said the Kalmadi camp was busy mobilizing support of state and central leaders to get his suspension revoked. However, the anti-Kalmadi faction has strongly opposed the move. City leaders, including MLC Mohan Joshi, former minister Balasaheb Shivarkar and Anant Gadgil, have staked their claim for the Lok Sabha seat. MLC Sharad Ranpise and others also have expressed their willingness to contest the Lok Sabha election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672815", "title": "Hopes float after delegates meet PM, Union leaders", "text": "AURANGABAD: A delegation from Aurangabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) on Tuesday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Union urban development minister Kamal Nath and Union minister for housing and urban poverty alleviation, Ajay Maken in New Delhi and gave a memorandum requesting them to include the civic body in the phase II of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. They highlighted the development of the city and informed the leaders that there was no reason to deny the historical city its share of JNNURM schemes.They told the leaders that the city has 7 lakh tourists every year of whom 50,000 visitors are foreigners. Moreover, with a population of 11.75 lakh, the city deserved to be included in the second phase of the scheme so that the facilities under it could be provided to the local people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671813", "title": "NTCA's ecotourism guidelines challenged", "text": "NAGPUR: The Pench Jungle Lodges Federation has challenged the fresh comprehensive ecotourism guidelines issued by National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), a statutory body under the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).The guidelines were notified on October 15, in the backdrop of Supreme Court hearing on a petition demanding ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves. The Jabalpur high court on Friday issued notices to Central and Madhya Pradesh governments and NTCA asking them to file a reply.The petitioner federation has challenged the NTCA direction to the states to appoint local advisory committee (LAC) which would take a final call on tourism in tiger reserves. \"NTCA has no powers to ask states to appoint LAC. What is the need for a LAC when there is already a steering committee under respective chief ministers and state forest ministers? Besides, there is also a panel for Tiger Conservation Foundations (TCFs),\" asked petitioner's counsel Rahul Diwaker.The petition says that many of the representatives like block development officers (BDOs), subdivisional officers (SDOs) among others to be appointed to the committee are persons who have no knowledge about tourism and conservation.The federation has also challenged the park management's decision to cut carrying capacity of vehicles to Pench Tiger Reserve by 50%. Earlier, 130 tourist vehicles were allowed inside Pench from three gates. However, after the Supreme Court decision, the capacity has been cut to 65 vehicles. Similar steps have been taken in Bandhavgarh and Kanha tiger reserves.In Pench, the park management reduced the carrying capacity following NTCA guidelines prescribing tourism in 20% area only of the core of tiger reserves.\"Pench has reduced tourism area from existing 36% to 20% and reduced the length of routes from 145km to 112km. Hence, the number of vehicles was also halved,\" said Pench officials.The petitioner federation says the carrying capacity of vehicles was calculated on the basis of breeding of wild animals and impractical reasons. There is no scientific evidence to prove that tourist vehicles affect breeding of animals, the petition said.The petition has also challenged move to charge conservation fee of Rs500 to Rs3,000 per room per month from resorts. \"The resort owners are already paying 35% taxes towards food licence, lease, pollution control, etc. Why the fresh tax?\" says the petitioner.The NTCA guidelines have also stated that tourism needs to be phased out from core to buffer. However, this is impossible without developing the buffer zones. \"First develop the buffer and then only curtail tourism in the core,\" said Diwaker. The matter is slated to be heard in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673056", "title": "Armed robbers loot home of Integral University registrar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Armed men barged into the home of Dr Irfan Ali Khan, registrar of the Integral University, on Tuesday noon and held the family at gunpoint. The assailants claimed they had planted bombs under the school vans of their kids earlier in the day and gave a warning note to the family mentioning registration number of the school vans.The assailants in a bid to buy time after the heist, left behind a bomb in the house to dissuade the family members from reporting the incident to the police. The bomb was made up of flutes wrapped in wires painted red, while the information of bomb being planted under the school vans turned out to be a hoax.The assailants robbed the women of their jewellery and other prized possessions before escaping from the narrow alleys of Vikasbagh, a relatively congested residential colony in Sector-7 of Vikasnagar. Dr Khan and his brother Furqan stay with their respective families and mother in a two-storey house, near Vikasbagh. Furqan told TOI that the armed robbery lasted for about 20 minutes and added that around five armed men had attacked their house.Only female members were present in the house when the assailants struck. The maid servant was present in the house. Both brothers were at their respective offices while the kids had gone to school at the time of the incident.The assailants divided themselves into two groups before entering the rooms. They held the women on the first floor at gunpoint. Furqan said the armed men forced the women to hand them over their jewellery. The men then took out the fake bomb and handed a note to Irfan's wife Ruhi. The note contained details of the Khan kids as well as the school vans that take the kids to their schools and back. The men instructed the women to remain silent reminding them of the bombs planted under the school vans. The group then dashed out to the road and escaped in the car waiting for them.When the Khan brothers informed police about the incident a bomb disposal squad arrived at the house and found that it was a dummy. Teams were also sent to check the school vans and it turned out to be a hoax.In charge of Vikasnagar police station said a case had been registered and investigations were underway. \"We will question the Khan family members, particularly the female members who were present at the time of the incident. They were shocked on Tuesday and we have to gather more details from them,\" said Vikas Nagar in charge Ashok Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670525", "title": "Anchors aweigh for Mumbai Festival of Sails", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 250 sailors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including the likes of women's Laser Radial champion Rohini Rau, men's Laser Radial champion BK Rout, boys Laser Radial champion Vir Menon and men's Laser Standard champion S Patra \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from all over the country will come together for the inaugural Mumbai Festival of Sails, a week-long festival of different competitive sailing events to be held on the waters off the Gateway of India from December 19 to 25.Based on sailing festivals that are held in all the major waterfront cities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d New York, Sydney, Hong Kong, Singapore, Toronto \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Mumbai Festival of Sails looks to make a mark in the events calendar of the city and grow into an international event with the support of MTDC.Speaking at a media conference at the Royal Bombay Yacht Club on Tuesday, Major General (retd) Dutta enumerated the various efforts taken to organize the event. \"With more than 700kms of waterfront available to the city, such events need to be encouraged as it not only makes use of the resources we have on hand but also is eco-friendly,\" he said.\"Being the first step, we have no prize money this year, but we hope to see it grow by leaps and bounds by the next year.\"The Festival will feature the Harbour Cup (December 19 to 21), that will involve the 420 and 470 class of boats.The INWTC Match Racing Cup will be held on December 19 and 20 and will involve the J 24 Class of boat. The match racing cup will take off from the INWTC Colaba and will be a knockout competition between two boats racing against each other.The feature event of the festival will be the Laser Coastal National 2012, where the class of sailboats will be the Laser Radial (for men &amp; women), the 4.7 (for men &amp; women) and the Laser Standard (only men).The final race will be the Away All Sails, on December 25, a fun event open to all forms of sailboats and windsurf boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17672068", "title": "TDP legislator goes underground", "text": "GUNTUR: Telugu Desam Party (TDP) legislator Yarapathineni Srinivasa Rao, an accused in the murder of Congress activist Unnam Narendra, reportedly went underground on Tuesday.The MLA didn't show up at the party's ongoing padayatra in the district right from the morning, but the TDP leaders maintained that he could not join them due to health reasons. However, Yarapathineni's 'disappearance' was confirmed by night when his gunmen reached district headquarters and reported to district superintendent of police J Satyanarayana. Sources said both the gunmen in a written statement to the SP said that the legislator had asked them to report to their bosses.Gunmen Pathan Khan and Rangaswami said Yarapathineni had left to an undisclosed place from his native village Manchikallu in Gurazala constituency. The legislator switched both his mobile phones off. There were rumours that Srinivasa Rao has left for Delhi to try for anticipatory bail in Supreme Court. Sources said Congress MLC TGV Krishna Reddy brought pressure on the government seeking the MLA's arrest. Narendra, a strong follower of Krishna Reddy, was hacked to death in Piduguralla last fortnight and Yarapathineni was made an accused in the murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672691", "title": "Ganga Barrage scam: Notice to KBA advocates", "text": "KANPUR: The designated anti-corruption court of Kanpur Nagar on Tuesday issued notices to Ramendra Singh Katiyar, advocate president Kanpur Bar Association and Anoop Kumar Dwivedi former general secretary Kanpur Bar Association to submit their report on Ganga Barrage scam by January 15,2013.The two advocates were appointed as commissioner by the court to inspect the spot and submit a report. The report was to be submitted by September 17,2012 but even after the payment of fee Rs 5000, the report had not been submitted so far.According to case file petitioner Jai Narayan Yadav, a resident of Barra locality of the city had alleged that state government had allocated a sum of Rs 4,04,00980 to Ganga barrage Nirman Khand-2 district Kanpur for different work and said that money was withdrawn without doing any work .Therefore a case under section 7/13 Prevention of Corruption Act and section 420/467/468/471 IPC be registered against the accused - Radhey Shyam, executive engineer and other officials of Executive Engineer Barrage Nirman Khand -2 Kanpur.He had also alleged that state government had allocated a sum of Rs 4.04 crore for Umrahat Pump Canal second phase and a sum of Rs 1 crore for the construction and security of water treatment plant between Parmiyan Nullah bridge and Ganga Barrage. The executive engineer and his staff had misused entire sum of Rs. 5.04 crore by preparing fake documents without any construction.The court had earlier directed DIG Kanpur range to submit a detailed report .But instead of DIG, the station head officer of Nawabganj police station filed a report, which was challenged by the petitioner and court had observed that a vague report had been submitted by the station head officer Nawabganj. As such DIG has been directed to look into the matter and submit report in compliance of previous order .The petitioner later submitted before the court that court should send any one judicial official or a commission of two or more senior advocates for spot inspection and commissioner report. The court thereafter appointed president of Kanpur Bar Association and Ex-general secretary of Kanpur Bar Association as commissioner and directed them to submit a spot report.The petitioner on Tuesday filed an application and alleged that it appears that accused had impressed the commissioners to evade from punishment as a result they were not filing their spot report before the court despite the court direction.Petitioner Jai Narayan Yadav urged before the court to appoint a metropolitan magistrate for spot inspection in place of two advocates and direct him to inspect the site in presence of counsel Anand Shankar Jaiswal advocate and submit his report along with videography tape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671639", "title": "Muttemwar demands help for region's weavers", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP Vilas Muttemwar on Tuesday urged the central government to depute a delegation to Nagpur to assess the magnitude of problems being faced by handloom and power loom weavers. Muttemwar raised the issue under Rule 377 in the Lok Sabha and pointed out that Nagpur was once known as the Manchester of India due to its prosperous textile industry.Besides a large number of small weavers, private sector companies had set up large textile mills such as Empress Mill and Model Mill about 120 years back. A number of small units were also set up in Hinganghat, Amravati, Akola, Achalpur and Pulgaon, Muttemwar said.\"Unfortunately, the current situation is very dismal as all the textile mills have either closed down or been declared sick,\" he added.There are now about 50,000 weavers left in Nagpur and over one lakh in other parts of Vidarbha who are engaged in this profession. The weaving industry is facing stiff challenges and weavers are struggling to even make ends meet. \"This is forcing many weavers to search for other avenues of earning their livelihood or face unemployment ,\" he said.Demanding urgent measures from the government to help the weavers survive and compete in the market, the MP also gave a few suggestions to the UPA government.The senior Congress MP's suggestions included to facilitating growth of the weaver industry by providing incentives and benefits such as supply of electricity at subsidized rates; financial assistance from state and central government for upgrade of their machinery, loan at concessional rates, land under group workshed scheme; setting up of cotton-thread sale counters at reasonable rates; purchase of their products directly by the state government; setting up of testing laboratories, design centres and training centres for workers; special financial assistance to weavers belonging to backward and minority communities; houses for workers and introduction of insurance schemes for workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672329", "title": "Alopibagh flyover inaugurated", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The newly constructed Alopi Bagh flyover, earlier scheduled to be inaugurated by chief minister, was inaugurated by chairman of State Seed Corporation Ujjwal Raman Singh here on Tuesday.Addressing the gathering Singh said laxity in Kumbh Mela work would not be tolerated as devotees and tourists from different parts of the country and abroad are scheduled to attend the pilgrimage.He said adequate security arrangements had been made by state government to ensure no untoward incident took place in the mela area.Others present included divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi, district magistrate Rajshekhar and Samajwadi Party MLAs Haji Parvez Ahmad, Dr Ajay Kumar Bharti , Satya Veer Munna, Ansar Ahmad, Vijma Yadav, Saeed Ahmad and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673270", "title": "'People can bring down this government'", "text": "PANAJI: Over 5,000 mining-dependant people on Tuesday held a rally in Panaji under the banner of the Goa Mining People's Front and demanded the immediate restart of legal mining in the state.The front's convener Suhaas Naik warned the BJP-led government, \"If the government is not capable of solving this mining issue then the people have the capacity to bring down this government.\" The group has threatened to hold a dharna at the Selaulim dam and stop water supply in the state if mining is not resumed. It wants the \"immediate commencement of all legal mining operations in a sustained and scientific manner with reasonable safeguards\".Front member and All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) leader Raju Mangueshkar urged the BJP MLAs present at the rally to tell chief minister Manohar Parrikar to \"withdraw the mining suspension suo motu\" once the government's affidavit is submitted to the Supreme Court. This will strengthen the Goa government's case, or else the affidavit will have no value, said Mangueshkar.Naik said the government has been playing hide-and-seek over the filing of the affidavit in the SC for the last four months and people have been living entirely on the government's assurances. \"We don't want assurances from the government we want the government to take strong action. We want mining to start in the state immediately,\" said Naik, threatening to continue with the agitation \"till we succeed\".Mangueshkar read out a resolution which was unanimously accepted with a show-of-hands. The resolution reads: \"This mass rally resolves to carry on sustained and united campaigns and struggles in the days ahead to realize their unanimous demand for the immediate commencement of legal mining operations in Goa to save Goa's economy and people's livelihoods.\"AITUC leader Christopher Fonseca, calling the rally a \"first victory of the planned agitation\", said the SC, taking note of the size of the rally, will take note of the strength of the resolve. \"We don't want alms from the government, but we want our right to earn livelihood,\" said Fonseca.He criticized the government for misleading the people by announcing a package for mining-dependant people. \"Nobody present here wants to damage the environment by mining. The government should stop wasting time and should restart mining,\" he demanded.The South Goa Truck Owners Association president Prakash Desai accused the central government and the state's erstwhile Congress regime for the mining mess in the state. The vice president of the All Goa Barge Owners Association said they are disappointed with the CEC report submitted to the SC.The rally started at the KTC bus stand and culminated at Azad Maidan, where the leaders of different organizations addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670908", "title": "Mumbai University\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s exam director quits on health grounds, raises eyebrows", "text": "MUMBAI: The director of examinations, appointed by the Mumbai University in March-April this year after the series of goof-ups, has gone back to his college principal's post, citing health reasons. The university is yet to appoint anybody as a replacement, prompting people to wonder whether it was a temporary measure to douse public anger.A day after admitting to the marketing and human resources management paper leak, the university made a couple of appointments in the first week of April this year. While the registrar's post was filled immediately, the university also created a new post of director of examinations, and appointed the principal of Gogate-Joglekar College, Subhash Deo, to the post. After eight-and-a-half months, even as some university exams are still on, Deo returned to his college.Deo told TOI, \"I am back to my college as the principal. Mumbai's climate was not suitable for me, so I returned to Ratnagiri. I had been considering the move for a couple of weeks now and took the decision recently.\"December 11 was Deo's last day at the office. Though his appointment was followed by official announcements, his exit was kept a silent affair. The university's pro-vice-chancellor, Naresh Chandra, said, \"I am yet to go through his papers, so will not be able to comment on it. The university will take an appropriate step soon.\"However, a university official said that the director (examinations) was not a statutory post and was created for a short period. \"There is no fixed tenure for posts which are not statutory. The in-charge controller of examinations is looking after the exam section. The director's post was an additional charge given to Deo during the exam,\" said the official. It might be noted that a section of senate members had been opposing the creation of such a post as it was not a provision under the Maharashtra Universities Act.Senate member Sudhakar Tamboli , however, said that the post had to be anyway dissolved sooner or later. \"It was a temporary solution, and it had not made any difference. The university acts impulsively and then does not do any follow-ups. They have formed so many committees, we never hear about the committee reports. They should hire a full-time controller first to streamline the process,\" said Tamboli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672861", "title": "Have special courts for sexual offences", "text": "NEW DELHI: It took the horrific gang rape in south Delhi to jolt home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde into promising a \"day-to-day hearing, so that the trial does not linger\". It's a heartening move: Delhi, for instance, has a number of special courts to handle corruption cases, but none to try a sexual offence on a priority basis.In the existing allocation of judicial resources, such urgency is displayed only in corruption cases. Thanks to campaigns against scams, there has been a proliferation of special courts in Delhi in the last two years dealing exclusively with corruption cases. From just one in the '80s to two in the '90s, Delhi now has as many as 26 special courts to ensure that corruption cases are disposed of expeditiously.Betraying a streak of populism , the judicial policy in Delhi has led to an anomalous situation in which special courts dealing with corruption cases are often under-worked while ordinary courts dealing with heinous offences such as rape and murder remain so overburdened that the hearings in each case are typically held once in a few months.The policy imbalance has fostered a climate of impunity which has earned Delhi the odium of being the \"rape capital\" of India. So, rather than coming up with the ad hoc measure of providing day-today hearing to the gang rape case, Shinde should seek to institutionalize special courts for sexual offences.Given the outrage expressed in Parliament on Tuesday, it would be apt for MPs to pass the sexual offences Bill that had been introduced just 12 days before the gang rape. Besides changing the name of the offence from \"rape\" to \" sexual assault\" , the Bill criminalizes a wider range of acts than the traditional conception of forcible penile-vaginal penetration.Since the maximum penalty for rape is already life sentence, the Bill refrains from enhancing it to death sentence for fear of forcing offenders to kill their victims. But it increases the penalties for lesser sexual offences . For the offence of molestation , which is referred to as the use of criminal force to \"outrage the modesty of a woman\" , the Bill increases the punishment from two years to five years. And for the offence of eve-teasing , the penalty is sought to be increased from one year to three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671918", "title": "Kashmiri teens get a taste of Kolkata's life", "text": "KOLKATA: For the first time in their lives these boys have visited a mall, watched a film and spent time wandering around the town with their newly-made friends in the city. All of them are between 15-17 years old and such a life is unthinkable for them back home in Kashmir. The boys said the city exposure had helped them dream anew of a life that they now think is possible.\"Maine filmo mein aisa shahar aur aisi dosti dekhi thi. Aise bare bare imarate, itne gadiyan, aur itni khushi hain yahan, main ghar jaa ke sabko bolta raha jaoonga , (I thought such cities existed in films. Such big buildings, cars zooming past and so much fun. I will go back home and tell every body about it,\" said Sahil Ahmed Mir, a Class-X student from Baramulla.This unique programme is part of the \"Dialogue for Peace\" that the Seagull Foundation for the Arts has started to bridge divides and bring hope to marginalized lives. The reason for choosing Kashmir is to experiment if kids from the conflict-riddled zone can be groomed in such a way that they can chart out their lives after they complete school. Care has been taken to bring 11 boys from places close to the Line of Control, so as to get a representation of teens who need this exposure all the more.The young adults are being hosted by La Martiniere School for Boys, which is partnering the programme by not only providing hospitality to the boys but by providing teachers and its own scholars to bond with them. Thirteen senior boys of the school have also volunteered to spend time with the guests from Kashmir, despite it being their winter vacation. All the 24 boys are also being made to attend a workshop that has been especially designed by theatre personality and Sangeet Natak Academy awardee Prabir Guha. They have been divided into heterogeneous groups who are then being made to provide solutions to creative posers given to them by Guha. Right from enacting a classroom situation to a drunken scene where youths behave irresponsibly and run over a man, the boys are enacting different roles and coming up with lessons learnt. \"Initially we were nervous thinking that the boys from this school would be way ahead of us, but we were surprised to find that they were almost in the same boat. Naturally, an instant bonding happened,\" said Zahid Hussain, a Class-XI student from Sopor.As things have been planned by Seagull, Guha will train resource persons in the villages dotting the LOC in Kashmir so that they can follow up with the boys, bring others within the fold and take the training forward. \"What was needed was to give them a taste of life that is available to city kids. Now that the preliminary exposure has happened, the first step of making them identify a purpose and a goal has been taken. We will just have to follow through,\" said Megha Malhotra, director of the foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675464", "title": "A comic tribute to MS Subbulakshmi", "text": "MS Subbulakshmi will come alive in Amar Chitra Katha's graphic biography, MS Subbulakshmi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Queen of Carnatic Music .The 31-page comic book will follow the singer's journey from Madurai in Tamil Nadu to becoming the first Indian musician to be awarded the Bharat Ratna. She had passed away in 2004. \"Writing this comic was a journey spanning Mumbai, Bangalore and Chennai with numerous phone calls and chance meetings with strangers. The idea behind the MSS title was to educate people about the lady behind the legend and capture her dedication to music, motivations and influences, which will be an inspiration for the generations to come,\" said Aruna Balkrishna Singh, the scriptwriter for MSS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17672011", "title": "Phase three of global financial hub to lure foreign direct investment", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is striving to make the upcoming International Financial Hub truly international and will earmark the third phase of the hub for foreign direct investment (FDI).Urban development minister Firhad (Bobby) Hakim said on Tuesday that the government has already got nine financial companies in the first phase and expects good response for the second phase, too. The second phase of the project will be housed in an iconic 34-storied structure, which is likely to be the second tallest building in Kolkata after the 36-storied South City.The minister was interacting with reporters on the sidelines of a seminar on financial hub organized by Assocham and the state government. The companies that are acquiring land at the hub or are in the process of doing so are UCO Bank, United Bank of India, National Insurance Company, State Bank of India, WBFC, WBIDFC, Calcutta Stock Exchange, Allahabad Bank and Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). \"We shall organize road shows in Singapore in the third phase to attract foreign companies,\" said Hakim.Urban development secretary Debashis Sen argued that the possibility of getting foreign companies at the hub was very high. \"It depends on the manpower cost and the cost of living, which are much lower here compared to Singapore or Hong Kong. We can expect to generate back office jobs for the financial institutions,\" he added. Sen indicated that IT companies could be allowed to do the back office jobs for the financial institutions at the hub.The last date for submitting applications to take part in the second phase of the project has been fixed on January 31 next year. \"We shall float a tender for appointing an architect firm for the 34-storied iconic building,\" said Sen.Earlier, Nasscom (eastern region) head Suparna Moitra had suggested that the state should consider IT companies engaged in financial jobs for the hub. Incidentally, in the second phase, the authorities want to hand over six vacant plots in the financial hub having an area of 12.5 acres on a leasehold basis for 99 years.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had launched the financial hub project earlier this year and the state government has been lobbying hard to attract investments. However, the initial response was very lukewarm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672198", "title": "Lokayukta refuses to probe against AP Public Service Commission chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: AP Lokayukta Justice B Subhashan Reddy on Tuesday refused to look into the allegations against the chairman of AP Public Service Commission stating that the APPSC does not come under the purview of the Lokayukta Act, Subhashan Reddy closed a complaint against the commission's chairman accusing him of functioning in a unilateral manner.According to the complaint made by the members of the commission, the chairman was not taking them into confidence about key decisions such as cancellation of interview for certain posts.They also cast serious aspersions on the commission secretary. The members who approached the Lokayukta included S M D Nouman, Ravinder Rao, M Pochaiah, G Paddaiah, Ripunjaya Reddy and G Chandrasekhar.Justice Subhashan Reddy who perused the complaint closed the same citing section 21(d) of the Lokayukta Act which bars the Lokayukta from looking into the allegations against assembly speaker, deputy speaker, judges, judicial members, chairmen, AP Administrative Tribunal and APPSC etc.\"We cannot even look into the actions of the members of the commission,\" the Lokayukta said.Dealing with the current complaint, Justice Subhashan Reddy, however, said that the state government had already issued a GO ( GO Ms No 420 !) appointing a committee to go into the complaints against the alleged recruitment irregularities in APPSC.\"The secretary of the APPSC is an IAS officer working with the commission on deputation and, hence, he too cannot function independently and that all his actions would be subject to the approval of the chairman,\" the Lokayukta said.Stating that APPSC does not come under the purview of the Lokayukta Act, Justice Subhashan Reddy closed the complaint against the commission's chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "guwahati / imphal / shillong", "code": "17673453", "title": "'Delhi should take leaf out of NE'", "text": "GUWAHATI / IMPHAL / SHILLONG: The recent horrific gang rape of a physiotherapy student in a moving bus in the national Capital has sent shivers down the spines of parents of girls living in New Delhi the country over, and the northeast is no exception.Parents and guardians of girl students and working professionals from the northeast living in Delhi are spending sleepless nights worrying about their daughters' safety.\"All the talk of worshipping female deities and having respect for women in the so-called 'mainland' and 'ancient civilization' of India is just a farce. In fact, the rest of the country should take a lesson from the northeast, where women are held in high esteem and comparatively have much more freedom,\" said a college teacher. She asserted that it is high time to declare capital punishment for rapists.In Meghalaya, which is primarily matrilineal, people are outraged with the Sunday gang rape in Delhi and the sharp rise in crime against women. \"To think that India is ruled from Delhi is a matter of fear and shame now. If the country's Capital is so brutal and hostile towards women, how can it protect the rest of the nation,\" said a college-going girl in Shillong.Every year, thousands of students and young professionals, a large number of them women, from the region leave their homes for Delhi and NCR in search of greener pastures due to lack of enough opportunities back home. But over recent times, the national Capital's reputation of being unsafe for women has sunk to a new low, to the extent that it has earned itself the tag 'Rape Capital'. Many girls from the northeast have also been either raped or molested in Delhi. Needless to say, the parents of NE women living in Delhi are worried sick about the safety of their ward. Like the rest of the country, they feel security for women needs to be increased and laws need to be made more stringent. But until the government respond, all they can do is pray their daughters are safe.\"I have many friends studying in Delhi. People from the region, especially females, are often at the receiving end of derogatory or hostile remarks and acts. There should be stringent laws to book perpetrators of such crimes. After every such incident, there is a hue and cry which eventually dies down. Such incidents should be stopped. There is an urgent need for a helpline to curb such crimes,\" said Joyshree Bora, secretary of Cotton College Women's Forum.Wangkheimayum Rajen, a resident of Imphal, said it is unfortunate that the Capital has become one of the most insecure places for girls and the crime rate against women is increasing every day. Rajen said, \"My daughter studies in New Delhi and every time such heinous crimes take place, we get so worried. The (Delhi) government should take up necessary measures to ensure such incidents do not take place in future.\"Many suggest girls living in unsafe cities like Delhi arm themselves with self-defence items like pepper sprays and pen knives. \"My younger sister studies in Delhi University . She recently purchased a pepper spray, which she keeps in her purse all the time. Self-defence is the only way out for a girl in such a hostile environment,\" said Nivedita Baruah.Meenakshi Das Saikia, whose daughter works in a reputed agency, said, \"My daughter has to work till late evening at times and such incidents leave us parents worried. The recent gang rape took place in a bus and one would think buses were the safest mode of transport. The incident occurred at an isolated place but there is no guarantee it will not happen at a prime location. There is a moral deterioration in our society. But all I can do is ask my daughter to be more careful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673063", "title": "Govt staff intensify stir, block trains, roads", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP government employees intensified their agitation against the quota in promotion bill on Tuesday, a day after the bill had a smooth sail in the Rajya Sabha. Agitating employees, ostensibly from the general and OBC category, attacked the BJP office in Lucknow for the second consecutive day, tearing off party posters and pulling down hoardings.Some employees, under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, also went all the way to BJP leader and Lucknow MP, Lalji Tandon's residence and raised anti-party slogans. Another group marched towards the Congress office and staged a demonstration.The statewide protest was been backed by the Samajwadi Party (SP) too came in the open on Tuesday. There were reports of local Samajwadi Party leaders joining the protesting employees. In fact, in Varanasi some SP workers tried to stop trains and staged a road blockade. Employees have further threatened to intensify the agitation if the bill is tabled in the winter session of Lok Sabha which comes to a close by Thursday.The controversial bill appears to have set the tone for political parties in their preparation for Lok Sabha elections due in 2014.While the Samajwadi Party has expressed its opposition tooth and nail, BSP boss Mayawati has threatened the UPA government of taking a 'hard decision' if the bill is not passed in the parliament.The scheduled passage of the controversial bill in the Rajya Sabha was seen as pre-conditioned to bring Mayawati on board the Congress led UPA ship which was keen on passing the FDI in retail sector bill.The quota in promotion bill, if passed in Lok Sabha, would pave way for the 117th constitutional amendment act that would guarantee reservation in promotion to the employee of the SC/ST category. President of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti Shailendra Dubey said that the employee would continue to strike until winter session of parliament is over. The bill, if passed. will deprive 78 percent of the total government employee from their due right,'' Dubey said. It would also revert 2 lakh employee from their present position as it comes into effect from June 1995, he said.The provision came under scrutiny of the Supreme Court in 2006 which took into account the M Nagraj case that sought to quantify the SC/ST officers and employee in the government sector. BSP chief Mayawati, however, got the provision through by amending the state service commission act and put in place the provision of consequential seniority. This was challenged in the high court which ruled in favor of the general and OBC people in 2011. The Supreme Court too in April 2012 upheld the high court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17675581", "title": "Pietersen impresses Flower, set to be offered a full contract", "text": "LONDON: Kevin Pietersen is set to be offered a full central contract by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) after team director Andy Flower was impressed by the right-hander's on and off-field behaviour and contribution in the historic Test series win in India.Pietersen's successful reintegration into England's dressing room will be officially acknowledged with the award of his full contract at the end of ongoing tour of India.Flower confirmed that the extension of Pietersen's four-month contract is all but a formality.\"The contract won't be a problem, Kevin has been excellent in every way,\" Flower said after England defeated India 2-1 in the just-concluded four-Test away series.\"We don't all always get on with people all of the time, in any walk of life, and everyone has made an effort to make it work. It's been really good fun and he should be very proud of the way he's operated out here both as an individual and as a player,\" the former Zimbabwe captain added.Flower knows the value of Pietersen's 186-run knock in the second Test in Mumbai, and said his innings played a big role in England's turnaround in the series after the crushing defeat in the first Test in Ahmedabad.\"In that Test (Mumbai) he showed real skill in Indian conditions on a pitch that turned on the first day,\" Flower was quoted as saying by The Daily Telegraph.\"For him to score as quickly as he did there and put such pressure on the opposition bowlers really helped us turn the series around,\" Flower said.\"He also scored a 73 and a 54 in the series, important innings, and he's been excellent in the field and in the dressing room,\" he added.Pietersen was on a four-month trial after being welcomed back into the team following his banishment last summer for sending provocative texts about team-mates to South African players.But for Flower the episode was a thing of the past now. \"We did move on from it as soon as we had our meetings and everyone made a commitment to do so,\" he said.\"I want to continue that. We want to learn from the past but we don't want to keep on revisiting it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671234", "title": "Facebook row: Closure report against two girls filed in Palghar court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Boisar sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) on Tuesday submitted to the Palghar sessions court that the criminal case against Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan be closed on the grounds that it was \"neither true nor false\". But the lawyer for the 21-year-old college students said that if the government and the police had admitted that the law had been wrongly applied on the girls and their arrest was unjustified, the police should have filed a B-summary report instead of a C one.In contrast to a C report, a B one would treat the case as \"false and malicious\" and call for the arrest of the complainant. It is now for the court to accept or reject the report submitted by the SDPO, Vijaykant Sagar, under section 169 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC; the section deals with the release of accused in light of deficient evidence).The report was presented before first-class judicial magistrate V S Yadav. Sagar, who was present in court, confirmed to TOI that the report had indeed been submitted, but refused to elaborate on the matter.Dhada and Srinivasan were arrested on November 19 for a Facebook post that lamented the shutdown of Mumbai on the day of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral. After a complaint from Palghar Sena chief Bhushan Sankhe, the girls were arrested and charged under the IPC's sections 295 (A) and 505 (2) for trying to promote hatred or ill-will between different groups and sending a grossly offensive or menacing message through a communication device. The police did not filed a chargesheet in the case. \"With the filing of the summary report, the Palghar court will send a notice to the complainant\u00e2\u20ac\u201dSankhe\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand seek his opinion on the report's category (which is C),\" said the girls' lawyer Sudhir Gupta.The Boisar police, where the case had been transferred, submitted details of the FIR, the investigation and the four eyewitnesses who had brought Dhada's Facebook comment to the notice of Sankhe on November 18. It is to be noted that Srinivasan has merely 'liked' the comment.The state government decided to drop charges against the girls on November 26 after an inquiry by the inspector general of police for the Konkan region, Sukhwinder Singh, found the police guilty of acting in haste and under pressure from the local unit of the Shiv Sena. Following the inquiry, the Thane rural superintendent of police, Ravindra Sengaonkar, and Palghar police senior inspector Srikanth Pingle were suspended.Gupta said the girls will wait for the magistrate's order on the police report. He said that if the sessions court accepted the C-summary report, the girls may challenge the decision in the Bombay high court.Three more vandals held in hospital attack caseThe Boisar police on Tuesday arrested three more persons in connection with the case of vandalism at Shaheen Dhada's uncle's hospital in Palghar on November 18. The three, Prakash Jhamble, Anil Pol and Vaibhav Upadhyay, all in their late 20s, have been remanded in police custody till December 20. It must be noted that the Palghar police had on November 20 arrested 10 men in the case, but they were immediately released on bail.Dr Abdul Dhada, who was holidaying in Mahableshwar when his hospital was attacked, registered a case of rioting against 50 unknown persons. Boisar deputy superintendent of police Vijaykant Sagar told the Palghar sessions court on Tuesday that custodial interrogation of the three accused was necessary to arrest the remaining 37. Dhada had said in his FIR that he had suffered a loss of around Rs 18 lakh in the attack. He said he continued to suffer losses as patients were scared to visit the hospital since it started being heavily guarded by armed policemen. It was only last week that police security outside the hospital was withdrawn\u00e2\u20ac\u201dafter Dr Dhada wrote a letter to the police about mounting losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17673112", "title": "Ponda's ID hospital to be opened today", "text": "PONDA: After long delays, the ambitious Ponda infectious diseases (ID) hospital project at Santa Cruz, Ponda is all set to be commissioned on Wednesday. The project has been delayed by about three-and-a-half-years.The government had plans to equip the hospital with infrastructure to cater to the secondary and tertiary health care needs of the people from Ponda and surrounding areas. But, the \u00e2\u02c6\u009d46-crore hospital project will not provide more facilities than the ones available at the old community health center (CHC) at Tiska-Ponda.Even health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, in his recent visit to the complex, had stated that the ID hospital would initially be started as a CHC and it would be subsequently upgraded to sub-district hospital within a year.Although the project has several operation theatres (OTs), no OT would be started on Wednesday.\"Sterile tests of the OTs need to be done before commissioning to prevent pathological microorganisms during operations,\" Santosh Naik, senior surgeon said, adding that it would take another month to start the OTs and till then deliveries will be conducted at the Marcaim health center.Ponda health officer Nutan Dev revealed that the ID complex has a new X-Ray machine. The earlier machine that was at Marcaim health center was not working.Locals are not happy with the inauguration of the hospital. If government had no plan to upgrade it before commissioning, than what was the purpose of inaugurating it, they asked.The old CHC has already been shifted to the new building since Friday and ailing people visit the hospital by hiring rickshaws and taxis.Ramdas Naik, a local said the shifting of the CHC to the new building has added to their problems. If government was not willing to start upgraded facilities in the hospital then what was the need to shift the older CHC to new building, he questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673320", "title": "Christmas brings glad tidings for shopkeepers", "text": "RANCHI: With six days remaining for Christmas, Santa Claus is already in town.As houses in Ranchi deck up with lights, wreaths and Christmas trees and children prepare their wish lists, shops and malls gear up to cash in on the festival. Malls and restaurants in the city have engaged people, dressed as Santa Claus, to distribute gifts among children in a bid to attract more customers. Shops are doing brisk business on Christmas trees and stockings to welcome Father Christmas.Children too are leaving no stone unturned for the special gift from Santa. Four-year-old Aditya Munzani is ready to follow any instruction by his mother to get a cycle. \"I wanted a cycle this Christmas. My mother said if I be a good boy then Santa will send me gifts and so I have started doing my own things,\" said Aditya with a grin on his face. He is busy decorating his house now.Aditya's mother Shalima said, \"My son believes in Santa Claus and so his father dresses up like Santa and gives him gifts every year.\"Five-year-old Prateek Kumar is busy making up for last year's mistake. \"I did not decorate the Christmas tree properly last year (and) so I only got a book. This year I will decorate the tree beautifully so that I get more gifts.\"Santa Claus, also known as Saint Nicholas, is believed to bring gifts for well-behaved children on Christmas Eve, said Fr. Ranjit Horo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17672647", "title": "Odisha yet to receive low-cost gadgets from Centre", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A year after Odisha placed order for 50,000 Aakash tablets for use in educational institutions, the state has not received even one of the low cost gadgets from the Centre. President Pranab Mukherjee launched Aakash 2, an improved version of the device, last month.Higher education secretary Gagan Kumar Dhal on Monday shot off a letter to the national mission on education through information and communication technology (NMEICT) under the ministry of human resources development reminding the state's January 5 order.Stating that the state government's budget provision for the tablets will lapse if the NMEICT fails to deliver the computers, Dhal requested NMEICT mission director N K Sinha to take immediate steps for delivery of the devices at the earliest.The state government had made budgetary allocation for the tablets within the current financial year. The device is priced at Rs 2,263, of which the Centre will give 50% subsidy. The government wants to provide the devices to colleges and universities, from where students can buy it. The tablet was developed under the aegis of IIT Bombay with support from C-DAC. British company Datawind is producing it.Aakash 2 is powered by a processor running at 1 GHz, 512 MB RAM and seven-inch touch screen. Its battery works for up to three hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17673613", "title": "Kareena kicks off 58th Idea Filmfare Awards odyssey", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a year that will celebrate the 100th year of Indian cinema, the 58th Idea Filmfare Awards will be held at yrf Studios in Mumbai on January 20, 2013, it was announced here on Tuesday. Dressed in a dark red figureflaunting dress with a precise ponytail in tow, actor Kareena Kapoor Khan lit a lamp at The Metropolitan Hotel marking the beginning of another enthralling odyssey that felicitates Bollywood's best.It wasn't just the dress. The actor, whose recent performance in 'Talaash' drew rave reviews, also delivered a couple of smart one-liners. \"Every man wants a lady. But every actor wants a Black Lady... Every actor wants to give an acceptance speech (at the Idea Filmfare Award's night). The Black Lady does that to you,\" she said at a press conference, referring to the much-coveted Filmfare statuettes. \"The Filmfare is most respected award and the oldest institution for excellence in cinema,\" she added.The illustrious Kapoors, widely regarded as Bollywood's first family, have collectively won 40 Filmfare awards, pointed out Tarun Rai, CEO, Worldwide Media. Raj Kapoor tops the family list with 11 awards. Kareena stands at No 2 with six. \"I want many, many more of them. But I am getting stiff competition from my brother,\" she joked. With four awards, cousin Ranbir Kapoor is just two steps behind her. Interestingly, she confessed not to have seen 'Barfi' yet.In reply to a question on the Sunday gangrape in the city, Kareena said that justice must be done fast. She also said that regardless of such incidents, working women must continue to step out of home. \"Remaining indoors is not the solution,\" she said. Extending his support to Filmfare for the fifth consecutive year, Rajat Mukarji, chief corporate affairs officer, Idea Cellular, said, \"Idea's association with Filmfare is a special one.\"Rai said, \"Filmfare has given away over 2,500 Black Ladies to the stars. We are proud to say that there is no other award or magazine with such a deep relationship with the film industry.\"From humble beginnings in the Fifties, the Filmfare Awards is now regarded as a must-go-to event in Mumbai's social calendar and attracts millions on TV worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672642", "title": "Lok Adalat disposes 208 cases in 1 day", "text": "CHENNAI: With a view to sign off the year in style, the Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority (TNSLSA) has organised a four-day mega lok adalat in its premises here.On day one of the camp, six lok adalat benches disposed of 208 cases involving a recovery amount of 4.91 crore.Earlier, inaugurating the event, Chief Justice M Y Eqbal urged both borrowers and bankers to make use of the facility. He also advised the bankers to understand the position of the borrowers and come forward to settle the dispute without insisting on technicalities.Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, who is the executive chairman of the TNSLSA, said that upto October 31 alone the Authority had held 4,056 lok adalats, settling 50,339 cases involving about 448 crore.During these four days, 6,640 pre-litigation cases involving 210 crore and another 262 cases referred by the Debts Recovery Tribunals would be taken up for hearing, he said, adding that all stake-holders must make most of the alternative dispute resolution mechanism. All these cases pertained to the Central Bank of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17671955", "title": "Trade unions protest outages, rising prices", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 826 members including 250 women from various central trade unions were arrested on Tuesday for conducting a road block at Gandhipuram in the city, to protest the power cuts and rise in prices of basic goods.\"The common man is suffering due to the rise in prices. The union and state government should take action to curb inflation. Labour laws are not implemented in most industrial and business sectors. We demanded the department of labour to enforce the implementation of relevant laws and should take action against violators. The union government should give labourers pension after the age of 60,\" said N Selvaraj, state vice general secretary of construction workers union, Tamil Nadu AITUC.Members from AITUC, CITU, BMS, HMS, INTUC, LPF, AICCTU and other trade unions participated in the road block. The city police removed the protestors from Dr Nanjappa road at Gandhipuram in the city. The arrested protestors were let off later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17672033", "title": "Two Socialist Unity Centre of India workers murdered", "text": "KOLKATA: Two Socialist Unity Centre of India (SUCI) workers were murdered at Malpara near Kultali in South 24-Parganas on Tuesday when they're on their way to a court hearing in Diamond Harbour.Ram Sardar, 35, and Haridas Mondal, 25, were residents of Mondalerlat in Kultali. Around 3.30am on Tuesday, they were travelling on a motorised rickshaw van towards Joynagar when they were attacked. \"From what we gathered, a mob comprising nearly 20 people blocked the road near Malpara and after a brief altercation, they shot the duo from a point-blank range,\" a police officer said. tnn There were three other passengers in the van but they were not harmed.SUCI district committee member Sujata Banerjee claimed that only the CPM was aware that Sardar and Mondal would be going to Diamond Harbour court. \"It was the CPM that had lodged false cases against our workers in an attempt to weaken the party before the forthcoming panchayat polls. The CPM knew that the two would leave home early to reach Diamond Harbour. The murder was pre-planned. The mob had spent the night at Malpara and feasted at a house there before keeping a lookout for the van. We have told this to the police,\" Banerjee said.The bodies have been sent for autopsy. None of the attackers have been identified, said an officer. The SUCI has called a 12-hour bandh in Kultali on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672646", "title": "Aakriti's death spurs debate on driving", "text": "CHENNAI: The death of Aakriti Dhingra, an MOP Vaishnav College student has triggered not just a spate of condolence messages online, but a virtual discussion on safe motoring. A Facebook page created on Tuesday in her name got more than 3,500 likes by evening, at a pace of two likes every minute.On Saturday night, the 20-year-old student died in a car crash on East Coast Road. Six of her friends were injured. \"Rest in peace Aakriti Dhingra, you were a beautiful girl who was just too young to go. At least heaven is prettier now,\" says the page.Comments on the page urge people to show restraint while driving late in the night. Mohammad Amjad Ramjah, a friend, said, \"Avoid late night drives and limit your speed.\"Another comment said: \"Irrespective of what happened, we have a lesson to learn and must also create awareness. Accidents happen every year to a lot of students and youths. This could have happened to any of us, so let's not accuse anyone. We have all been there; done that, just been lucky to survive.\"While some of the comments were outright rude and questioned the driving skills of women, many sympathised. Some felt the accident could have been avoided. Many of the 130 comments ask for measures which could reduce such incidents through responsible and safe driving.While some of the posts veered off the sympathy lane, one of the visitors reminded that \"this page is not for hate comments ... this is for all the people who don't know what happened. The tyre burst and the vehicle lost control. It was an accident and it could have happened to anyone.\"Even as the discussion on the web went on, some 500 people gathered in the evening for a memorial service at DAV Girls Senior Secondary School. The prayer hall was packed to capacity and many had to stand outside. At 5pm prayers began.\"As part of Hindu tradition, a baithak ( meeting) is organised for the deceased and the family and friends who could not attend Aakriti's funeral have come for this memorial service,\" said Aakriti's uncle, Anand.\"She was a fun loving girl, good in academics and a warm, genuine individual. It is a great loss,\" said Siddharth, a friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673050", "title": "Machinery registration forms", "text": "PANAJI: The truck business committee held its meeting in the city on Monday.Since the committee had received a representation from machine owners, it decided to consider the same and give a time frame for submitting the details of machinery involved in mining business of iron ore.The last date for submission of forms is December 31.The truck registration forms can be used as machinery registration forms which can be freely downloaded from website www.goadmg.gov.in.The duly filled forms can be submitted in the office of the Directorate of Mines and Geology in Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673360", "title": "Indian School of Business's \u00e2\u20ac\u02dc1 school, 2 campuses\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to beat recruitment bias", "text": "MUMBAI: India's rapidly expanding college education scene may have a new model in the Indian School of Business's 'one school, two campuses' idea, to tackle the phenomenon of campus bias among corporate recruiters.Even as India's top colleges expand, setting base in various cities and even abroad, they are grappling with the problem of securing equally lucrative placement offers for students across their various campuses.As one IIM faculty put it, in India, a student is quickly becoming a product of a particular campus and not just the brand of institute. Thus, the campus one graduates from matters more than ever before.However, the Hyderabad-based Indian School of Business (ISB) has tried a new model to beat that monotony. Ranked 20th in the FT London Global MBA ranking 2012, ISB has adopted the idea of one school, two campuses.Students were admitted to either campus \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Hyderabad or Mohali \u00e2\u20ac\u201d irrespective of their ranks. \"We wanted the same kind of students \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both in terms of composition and accomplishment,\" says Sriram Gopalakrishnan, ISB's director for marketing and communications. So it was natural that the campus placement would also be \"campus neutral\" and integrated.ISB deputy dean Deepak Chandra says integrated placements ensure that both the campuses have similar opportunities. So students from Hyderabad are flown to Mohali when the recruitment season kicks in at ISB. Later, the process shifts to Hyderabad and residents of the Mohali campus travel south.With so many new IITs, IIMs, NITs and IISERs, there is no homogeneity in students across campuses. \"The recruiter knows that a student from IIT-Kanpur is very different in many respects than one from any other IIT. So is the case with the IIMs or with the NITs,\" the IIM faculty says.Few new campuses have been able to replicate the kind of placement offers that their home campuses secure. That is because, traditionally, students lower down on the merit list have opted for the new campuses.For instance, a student, irrespective of his or her rank, would rather join the Pilani campus of Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS) in Rajasthan's Jhunjhunu, than go to the same institute's full-fledged campuses in Dubai, Goa or Hyderabad, set up in recent years.Though Pilani does not have an airport, nor is it directly accessible by rail, top companies still prefer their representatives enduring a five-hour road journey to BITS there, rather than miss out on hiring a bright student.M S Dasgupta, chief of the BITS placement unit, says the college invites prospective recruiters, offering them a choice of campuses that their executives would like to visit. \"But I have to acknowledge that Pilani has an edge over the other campuses,\" Dasgupta says.Mumbai-based Narsee Monjee Institute, which also offers management programmes in Bangalore and Hyderabad, prefers an independent placement processes. Most students and recruiters prefer the Mumbai venue over the other two cities, their PRO said.The haloed IITs and IIMs, which have for long churned out some of the brightest students, have often ruled out joint placements when suggested by review committees.Independent placements or integrated ones? The question confounds many colleges with ambitious expansion plans. Only time will tell which model enriches all \u00e2\u20ac\u201d students, the college and recruiters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17672472", "title": "Vadodara district sees highest-ever voter surge", "text": "VADODARA: After the final calls came in late on Monday night, Vadodara had set a new record with 72.27% voter turnout. This was even higher than the state average of 71.3%. This excludes postal ballots which can be cast till early morning on December 20, counting day.\"If we factor in the number of postal ballots, the count could go up to 72.5 %,\" said DEO Vinod Rao.Voter enthusiasm this year was a marked contrast to the 2007 elections when just about 58.69% of the city's electorate voted, lower than the state average of 59.77%.As expected, rural voters were more enthusiastic than their urban counterparts, except for the tribal belt of Chhota Udepur which recorded the lowest participation - 66.73%.Of the district's 13 constituencies, the rural constituency of Padra had the highest turnout at 79.78%, followed by Karjan (78.38%) and Waghodia (77.08%). None of the five urban seats crossed the 70% mark. Of these, Manjalpur recorded the highest turnout with 69.80%, followed by Sayajigunj which had 68.45%. In Akota, from where BJP heavyweight Saurabh Patel is contesting, 68.16% of those eligible voted. Manjalpur and Akota are the two new constituencies, carved out during the latest delimitation exercise after doing away with the Naswadi and Vadodara (rural) constituencies.Vadodara: After the final calls came in late on Monday night, Vadodara had set a new record with 72.27% voter turnout. This was even higher than the state average of 71.3%. This excludes postal ballots which can be cast till early morning on December 20, counting day.\"If we factor in the number of postal ballots, the count could go up to 72.5 %,\" said DEO Vinod Rao.Voter enthusiasm this year was a marked contrast to the 2007 elections when just about 58.69% of the city's electorate voted, lower than the state average of 59.77%.As expected, rural voters were more enthusiastic than their urban counterparts, except for the tribal belt of Chhota Udepur which recorded the lowest participation - 66.73%.Of the district's 13 constituencies, the rural constituency of Padra had the highest turnout at 79.78%, followed by Karjan (78.38%) and Waghodia (77.08%). None of the five urban seats crossed the 70% mark. Of these, Manjalpur recorded the highest turnout with 69.80%, followed by Sayajigunj which had 68.45%. In Akota, from where BJP heavyweight Saurabh Patel is contesting, 68.16% of those eligible voted. Manjalpur and Akota are the two new constituencies, carved out during the latest delimitation exercise after doing away with the Naswadi and Vadodara (rural) constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671173", "title": "Rape should be a non-bailable offence: Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit wants rape to be made a non-bailable offence. Amid nationwide outrage over Sunday's gang rape, the CM on Tuesday wrote to the chief justice of Delhi high court, Justice Darmar Murugesan, to urgently make functional five special fast-track courts. A proposal for these courts was earlier cleared by the Delhi cabinet and the file has since then been with the HC.Dikshit said the circumstances of the case are shocking, and the policing system has fallen short of the mark. \"The criminal act shocks me but then the circumstances of the case were not so unusual that the act could not have been prevented,\" the CM said, making it clear that the police were not doing enough on the streets of Delhi.She added that this case will be tried in a fast-track court. \"We had cleared the proposal for setting up a fast-track court in a cabinet meeting earlier. But the high court failed to implement it. Now I have written to the high court to make fast-track courts functional,\" she said.Dikshit said popular outrage and anger was justified in this case. She said she had sought an appointment with the Union home minister to make a pitch for urgent measures to improve the law and order situation and address women's safety concerns.In her letter to the high court chief justice, Dikshit has exhorted him to ensure that these courts are set up urgently. The CM has communicated that these courts have not been made functional despite a communication of approval of the proposal sent to the court in October, 2012.While referring to the case, the CM said, \"The law must be amended to make offences like rape non-bailable. This would act as a strong deterrent.\" She stated that, in view of the rising number of such crimes against women, and to provide immediate deterrent punishment to the guilty, the suggestions may be considered seriously and urgently.She also expressed concern over Delhi's porous borders with traffic coming from the NCR into the state. \"The fact that so many people come into Delhi from outside it also contributes to the law and order situation. Thus, effective policing and building awareness among people to sensitize them is essential,\" the CM added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670962", "title": "Cops \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcturn away\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 harassed girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was gang-raped inside a moving bus by six men who stay at Sector 3 in R K Puram, the area police station refused to entertain the complaints of a 15-year-old girl who was allegedly teased and threatened by a minor boy from the area when she refused to pay attention to his advances.By the time the father approached the local police station, he was told a complaint had been received against him for \"beating up\" the boy and that it was best that he \"compromised'' with the stalker.The incident was reported from Sector 1, R K Puram. According to the girl, she was returning home after tuitions when a local boy came and stopped her. He threatened to kidnap her even as the girl tried running back home.\"I returned home at 9.30 pm on Monday and my daughter told me what had happened. She said she was returning from tuitions around 8.15 pm in Sector 3 when the accused teased and threatened her. I had the phone number of this boy's residence and I called up that number. No one answered. I then came out of the house only to find that he was roaming outside the house,'' claimed the victim's father, who is employed as a peon in a private company.The father alleged that when he asked the boy why he had threatened his daughter, an argument took place and he was beaten up. \"I did resist and %I do admit that I pushed him but there was nothing serious. I later went to the R K Puram police station to lodge a complaint but was told that it was late and that I had a complaint lodged against me. They said I had pushed the boy to the ground and injured him. They asked me to go for a compromise as they were busy with important investigations. Two constables put pressure on me and I accepted a compromise,'' claimed the father.The R K Puram police said it will `look into the facts of the case.'' An officer said: \"There have been counter-claims and we are still checking. We will lodge an FIR on the merits of the case. The allegation that we pushed for a compromise is completely false.'' The senior officers of the district - busy with investigations in the gang rape case - did not respond to calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17673252", "title": "Once upon a time in Goa", "text": "In the days before Liberation, four annas could fetch a pao bhajji and tea, hardly any passenger would complain if a bus driver stopped for a shave and even the governor walked to Old Goa for St Francis Xavier's feast.\"Inflation was not a problem then,\" reminisces 69-year-old Milind Angle, a retired citizen of Panaji. Going down memory lane, Angle relived the people's joys and pleasures, as also the trials and tribulations during the decade leading to Goa's Liberation.The Indian currency was extended to the Portuguese-ruled Goan territory for a short while. An anna (four paise, a rupee had 64 paise and 16 annas then) could buy a whole lot of food items and articles. \"One could have a bread and tea at an anna each and bhajji for two annas,\" Angle said. Sugar cost 50 paise per pound (half kg) and jaggery and potatoes, about 3 annas a piece, per pound.Though the cost of food items and other goods was low and often remained static for years, the people's poor economic conditions constrained their purchasing power. \"They could not even afford to buy a bicycle,\" he said. After working in towns, many preferred to walk home. Lack of inflationary trends made it easy to carry on with life.Angle, who was born in 1943, recalls that there were only 14 or 19-seater caminhaos in 1950s and even later. Very few families had cars. A few buses were introduced later in the same decade (1950s). \"On an average, there was just one or two on every route,\" he said.The first caminhao would leave from Panaji at 7am to Agasaim, taking about an hour to reach its destination, without any regular stops. \"Anybody could stop the vehicle anywhere. There were instances of passengers dressing up while boarding the bus,\" he laughed.The network of tarred roads existed only between towns, especially Mapusa, Panaji, Margao and Vasco. Beyond Cuncolim, the national highway was a kutcha road. The village roads were mostly kutcha roads.In Panaji, the Dayanand Bandodkar road along the river front was fully tarred up to Dona Paula, as the governor traveled on it from Raj Bhavan to the old secretariat. MG road, 18th June road, Rua de Ourem and the Altinho road from the old Secretariat were tarred, but most other internal roads were kutcha roads.The road from Saligao to Calangute had only two nine-inch strips of tar on either side for the caminhao wheels.The lack of basic infrastructure determined people's lifestyles and night life. The main towns of Panaji, Mapusa, Margao and Vasco had government-supplied power. A pall of gloom and darkness would descend over almost all villages, and even suburban areas after sunset.\"A stretch of the deserted, untarred road from Branco's house to Taleigao would turn into a haunted place after dusk,\" Angle recalls. Villagers were often seen lighting torches of coconut leaves and walking home in the dark. The situation did not improve much after Liberation. \"Even in the 1960s, we used kerosene-lit chimney lamps and petromaxes for illumination at home,\" he said. Students had to make most of natural light to do their homework.People traveling to cities were very few. They would venture either to work or take care of their personal work or make purchases. \"The seat next to the driver was much sought after and some even preferred to sit in till the next trip,\" says a bemused Angle. \"It may look silly, but these were small pleasures, which gave much joy and pride to people then,\" Angle recalls.Now, the governor's car races through the streets, enjoying priority status for the right of way. \"But during the Portuguese era, on December 3, my father told me the governors would walk from the old Secretariat to Old Goa for the St Xavier's feast, accompanied by officers in uniform,\" he said.Once, a group of pilgrims had applied for free transport, but the governor turned it down with a remark that, \"One who has faith should go by foot.\"Recreational activities were hard to come by. Football was perhaps the only sport given any importance. Cricket was played at the school-level and there were also some amateur teams. In villages, people played loggorio. For children, there were some strange pastimes. A hand-held contraption made of discarded reels of thread, fixed to a cross-shaped bamboo piece kept children busy. One of the reels at the top of the contraption served as a steering to push the wheels around.The education scenario in the state was rather dismal. A few high schools were being run only in Panaji, Ponda, Mapusa, Margao, Vasco and among villages, Parra and Cuncolim. \"The total students answering SSC exams was around 800 to 900, as against an average of 15,000 now and schools were affiliated to the Maharashtra board.Amost all students, including some from Ribandar and St Cruz, walked to school. Students from Aldona and Britona availed the launch service. \"I remember only one student who used to cycle to school from Agasaim for English sessions,\" Angle said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674115", "title": "Upendra's Topiwala for election time", "text": "Real Star Upendra's film Topiwala will be releasing around the time of the Karnataka state assembly elections, since it talks about the people in power. The film, which was shot without much hype or attention, is now in the post-production phase.We hear that Upendra himself is sitting along with first-time director MG Srinivas, guiding him. While Upendra's last directorial effort, Super , too was a take on corruption and politics, this one will showcase the idea of the common man's problem with the 'topi wala' (the man with the hat \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which refers to the politicians) with an interesting insight.The film, which has been shot mainly in Karnataka \u00e2\u20ac\u201d barring a couple of songs that were picturized on the beaches of Chennai, has Malayalam actress Bhavana paired opposite Upendra. The director reveals that Bhavana will be seen in an in unconvential role for a heroine, with her engaging in some action sequences too. Meanwhile, Upendra has also donned an Elvis Presley look for one of the songs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672887", "title": "Residents want a dash of Xmas on their cake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Yuletide spirit is spreading in the city, bringing in much cheer. And with it have come the Xmas goodies, which are holding centre stage at many city bakeries and confectioneries. It is not just the plum and walnut cakes that are in demand, there is a huge variety that people are going in for this year, with the sugar icing cakes being much in demand.City residents are quite enthusiastically ordering cakes in different shapes and flavours with a Christmas touch like reindeers and Santa shapes adorning them. Cakes shaped as Santas, Christmas trees and reindeers too are in demand.Many people have been browsing the web for Christmas cakes and then are ordering whatever takes their fancy. \"I have already ordered a cake decorated with tiny Santas and trees for the special day,\" said Neeru Sharma, a resident of Sector 15 .\"I am a boarder, so I am going to celebrate Christmas with my hostel friends. We have ordered a cake where Santa is playing cricket, as we all are big cricket fans and we love Santa too,\" said Rishi Sharma, a student of engineering and biotechnology institute in Mohali. The cakes with a Xmas touch are much in demand.Said Mohit Bhardwaj, a manager at a bakery in Sector 15, \"I am surprised by the orders placed by people because we are baking almost 10-12 cakes everyday and still there is more demand for designer cakes.\" Ramesh Kumar, owner of a bakery in Sector 10 said, \"Santa's red attire and green trees on a chocolate base is attracting most customers, as it looks better than say a rum cake.\"With the Yuletide spiritit have come the Xmas goodies, which are holding centrestage at many city bakeries and confectioneries. It is not just the plum and walnut cakes that are in demand, there is a huge variety that people are going in for this year, with the sugar icing cakes being much in demand.\"My friend and I have ordered similar cakes. My cake has a blue base and a Santa on it, while my friend, who loves chocolate has ordered a chocolaty cake with a Santa,\" said Abjeet Bhinder, a plus one student, who is a resident of Sector 16 and a student of Stepping Stones School. His friend, Anupam Panigrahi ,a student of Chandigarh College of Architecture said, \"I was never too much into festivals but all the enthusiasm around the festival and yes, the lovely cakes have definitely perked my interest.\" For those who want to go beyond the plum cake, the good old chocolate sponge cake and cakes with icing are good options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674523", "title": "Highest scores in ODIs", "text": "Player  Runs  Balls  4s  6s  SR  Venue  Date  Saeed Anwar  194  146  22  5  132.87  Chennai  May 21, 1997  Virat Kohli  183  148  22  1  123.64  Dhaka  March 18, 2012  MS Dhoni  148  123  15  4  120.32  Visakhapatnam  April 5, 2005  Shoaib Malik  143  127  18  1  112.59  Colombo (RPS)  July 25, 2004  Sourav Ganguly  141  144  12  1  97.91  Adelaide  January 25, 2000  Sachin Tendulkar  141  135  17  1  104.44  Rawalpindi  March 16, 2004  Saeed Anwar  140  132  14  2  106.06  Dhaka  January 18, 1998  Ijaz Ahmed  139*  84  10  9  165.47  Lahore  October 2, 1997  Salman Butt  129*  136  12  3  94.85  Dhaka  June 14, 2008  Salman Butt  129  142  17  0  90.84  Kanpur  November 11, 2007  Shoaib Malik  128  126  16  0  101.58  Centurion  September 26, 2009", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672067", "title": "Over 150 marine accidents in last four years: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the past four years, 153 marine accidents have occurred off the Indian coast and 66 people have died in these mishaps. In a written reply in Lok Sabha on Monday, shipping minister G K Vasan said seven people died in such accidents in 2009 while the toll was 24 this year.The reply said 78 ships involved in accidents had Indian flags. The nature of casualty included accidental death, collision, man overboard, fire, loss of ship and sinking.The minister also submitted that the government had stipulated that cargo ships above 25 years, oil tankers above 20 years and gas carriers above 30 years entering Indian ports, anchorages and offshore facilities should be classed with India Register of Shipping or any one of the 12 societies of International Association Classification Society.Moreover, any foreign vessel of 300 gross tonnage or more entering Indian coastal waters should have a valid protection and indemnity policy against maritime claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670926", "title": "HC disturbed by case, looking into it", "text": "NEW DELHI: Echoes of the ghastly gang rape and public revulsion against the crime reached the Delhi high court on Tuesday, which said it is \"disturbed\" over the offence.\"It was a brazen attempt by some persons who think that they can play with the law and order.... We are very disturbed,\" a division bench of HC said, indicating that it might step in as \"strong signals must be sent to the perpetrators\" of this \"unfortunate\" incident.HC's comments came while assuring a group of women lawyers that it was looking into the \"brazen\" incident following their plea for a court-monitored probe into the case.\"We have also seen the newspapers and discussed among us also. Please give us some time. We are looking into it,\" a bench of Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice Vipin Sanghi replied after a group of 25 women lawyers mentioned the incident before them after court convened post lunch on Tuesday.The lawyers, including former DUSU president Monica Arora, government counsel Shobhna Takiar, mentioned the incident before the bench urging it to take suo motu cognisance and monitor the probe in the case.\"We want a court-monitored probe and this court should pass guidelines to ensure safety of women at public places and in means of public transport. A fast track court must be also established to expedite trials in such cases,\" Arora pleaded.\"This is a very unfortunate incident and some strong signals should... rather must be sent to the perpetrators.... Give us sometime,\" Justice Kaul said and gave the lawyers the liberty to file a PIL on the issue.The women lawyers, who were to mention the case before the bench headed by Chief Justice D Murugesan, later moved before Justice Kaul as the Chief Justice did not hold the court in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17673368", "title": "BNC rejects guv directive to resettle riot-hit people", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Bodo National Conference (BNC), a conglomeration of 31 Bodo organizations and other communities in Assam, on Tuesday rejected the directives of governor Janaki Ballav Pathnaik, who asked the BTC authorities to resettle all displaced people on the basis of the voter list of 2011.BNC has made it clear that Bodos and other indigenous people of BTC region will not tolerate the veto of governor.On the other hand, the 2nd annual convention of BNC concluded on Tuesday here with participation of delegates from all communities. Over 24 organizations took part in the event.Addressing the huge gathering, BNC president and BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary said the BNC has rejected the governor's directives to resettle relief camp inmates based on the 2011 voters' list but resolved to urge upon the government to make 1971 as the base year for complete rehabilitation.He said several Muslim organizations of Assam have been raising their voice to make 1971 as the base year for deportation of Bangladeshis. \"We also demand that 1971 should be the base year and the same should be applied in BTC for rehabilitation\", he said.Mohilary said the aim of the BNC is to was establish peace, unity and progress among all sections of society in the BTC region and has been working with this noble mission. He, however, said the government tried to malign the image of the Bodos, but could not do it.He added, \"We, the Bodos, are not against any community in the state and we did not oppose the separate Kamatapur state demand of the Koch-Rajbongshi community. But we can't tolerate the gross negligence and injustice done against the Bodos.\" He said the people of the BTC region should not misunderstand the Bodos.Regretting the ongoing extortion, kidnapping and killings in BTC area since the last few months, Mohilary said these must stop at any cost and all organizations should end criminal activities. He said only the Bodos should not be blamed for such crimes in the region as different organizations have been too committing the unlawful acts.Lok Sabha MP SK Bwiswmuthiary said some anti-Bodoland forces are working against the interests of the Bodos and are trying to sow the seeds of misunderstanding between different communities.On the governor's comments, Bwiswmuthiary said the governor directed the BTC authorities to resettle all displaced people in their respective places without justifying their citizenship. He said the directive was unconstitutional and undemocratic as the Centre has given a reply in black and white to a question of elected parliamentarian about the presence of Bangladeshis in BTC and the council has also been saying that the genuine Indian citizens would be rehabilitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670408", "title": "Recruitment on contract on hold", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Tuesday approved the government decision to defer recruitment on contract in government services till the new rules and regulations were framed.However, the decision would not affect the recruitments already made on contract basis till now. The new appointments on contract would be made as per the new rules that are being framed, said cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Vijoy Prakash, adding that the state cabinet gave its sanction to the government decisions with regard to 25 items.The cabinet nodded the fixation of the revised pay scale (Rs 12,000-18,000) of all the selection grade lecturers who have been given promotion under time-bound promotion scheme, or merit promotion scheme, or even career advancement scheme. They, however, should have completed five years of service as selection grade lecturer or five years of service till January 1, 1996. This has been done in pursuance of the Patna high court order.The cabinet sanctioned the grant of Rs 4.86 crore to AN Sinha Institute of Social Studies under the non-plan head for 2012-13. It also approved Rs 13.72 crore to construct three examination halls at the rate of Rs 4.57 crore each on the premises of B N Mandal University (Madhepura), S N Sinha College (Aurangabad) and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel College (Bhabua). The government will release Rs 5 crore immediately for starting construction work. It also approved the sanction of Rs 6.85 crore for the construction of girls' hostel of L N Mishra Institute for Economic Development and Social Change, Patna. With regard to the same, Rs 5 crore, including Rs 4.30 crore for the hostel construction and Rs 70 lakh for other expenses of the institute, would be released immediately.Bihar Horticulture Development Society has been sanctioned Rs 25.47 crore, including Rs 4.27 crore as central share and Rs 21.19 crore as state share, for promoting cultivation of medicinal plants, bamboo, improved variety of litchi as well as for the cultivation of pudina in Buxar district - all under the agriculture road map. Similarly, the cabinet also sanctioned Rs 101 crore for species improvement of livestock through artificial insemination and strengthening of the semen bank at Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672277", "title": "BJP Yatra to enter Allahabad on December 23", "text": "ALLAHABAD: BJP's Jan Shakti Jagran Yatra will enter in the city on December 23. The yatra is being taken out to oppose FDI in retail.The yatra will start from Hanuman Mandir in Meerapur and pass through Khathri pathshala, Attarsuiya, Rani mandi, Kotwali and terminate at Lokmath crossing. BJP leader Kesri Nath Tripathi will flag off the yatra in the city. The yatra will be led by BJP leader Yogesh Shukla.Jan Shakti Jagran Yatra is currently passing through Koraon assembly segment. In charge of the yatra, Kamelsh Mishra alleged the Central government is not concerned about the welfare of people and has permitted FDI under foreign pressure. Congress, SP and BSP are equally responsible for the entry of FDI in multibrand retail sector, BJP leaders said, adding that the support of both SP and BSP on FDI is acting like oxygen for the survival of UPA government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672914", "title": "Youth killed after falling off flyover", "text": "AURANGABAD: A 24-year-old marketing executive died on spot when he fell off the Kranti chowk flyover after his motorcycle hit the side railings around 1 am on Tuesday.He was spotted by a police patrol party, who took him to the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), where he was declared brought dead.The deceased, identified as Akhsay Ramesh Pahelwan (24) of MIDC Waluj, was heading towards Baba petrol station after attending a party with his friends, the Osmanpura police said.\"Pahelwan was riding at high speed and lost control over his bike at one of the speed-breakers on the flyover. His vehicle crashed into the side railings of the flyover and he was thrown off the bridge. Unfortunately, he landed on the head,\" the police added.Sources at the GMCH said that although the post mortem report is awaited, prima facie it appears that the youth died of serious head injuries.The flyover has three-four speed-breakers and the speed limit on it is 25 km per hour.A retired public works department engineer said, \"The Kranti Chowk flyover has less radius of curvature than what a standard flyover should have, which makes it prone to crashing of vehicles with the side railings. The only solution is to drive vehicles at the lowest possible speed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "guangzhou (china)", "code": "17672609", "title": "No kidding: Cartoon goat China\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s biggest \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsoft\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 export", "text": "GUANGZHOU (CHINA): A cartoon character in the form of a playful and somewhat idealistic goat has emerged as China's most potent soft power export with the exception of Chinese language training.Xi Yang Yang, the cartoon goat in the television show, \"Pleasant goat and big, big wolf\", speaks Hindi, Urdu, Arabic, Japanese, Vietnamese, English and several other languages besides her mother tongue, Chinese. It was earlier shown in a Hindi TV programme, \"Kya bakri hain\".\"We have strong government support, and this has helped it grow,\" said Cat Lai, general manager and part owner of Creative Power Entertaining, which produces China's version of Tom and Jerry. With Xi, the government effectively cut short the craze for Japanese and US cartoon characters by banning their shows on prime time TV. Networks were quick to take the cue and began promoting locally made cartoons at other times of the day as well.The programme is available in Tibetan and Uighur language of the troubled Xinjiang province, the scene of an armed separatist movement, over the past two years, said Cat Lai. The idea is to help the government address the challenge of integration with the minority communities.Unwittingly, the pleasant goat has begun to play both diplomatic and political role sending the message of peace and benevolence to international audiences besides the restive minorities at home.In terms of TRPs, the programme's 900 TV episodes and four films have surpassed the showing of China's cultural icons, the Peking Opera and Kung Fu. The company's 800 script writers and designers come up with almost endless twists and turns in the story of a clumsy wolf wanting to devour a group of goats peacefully grazing in the meadows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17672667", "title": "17 hurt in attack on military complex in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Motorcycle-borne militants lobbed two grenades at the gate of a high-security military complex at Risalpur in northwest Pakistan on Tuesday, injuring 17 people, including five security personnel. The militants struck at a time when a large group of youths was present at the gate to register for a recruitment drive, witnesses and police officials said.The militants hurled two grenades and immediately fled. Police officials said five security personnel and 12 civilians were taken to hospitals in nearby Nowshera city with minor injuries.All the injured were out of danger and several of them were discharged after being provided first aid, they said.The gate for the military complex on the G T Road leads to the Risalpur Cantonment, the Pakistan air force academy and several army training facilities. Security forces, including army troops, cordoned off the area and launched a search operation but were unable to make any arrests. DSP Muhammad Riaz Khan said that roadblocks had been set up and additional forces deployed in the area. No group claimed responsibility for the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672955", "title": "Land slotted for major projects", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration has earmarked land for major projects that would come up in the city's periphery in the draft Master Plan of Chandigarh. The urban planning department will submit the plan to the UT administrator this week.Sarangpur institutional area: It has been planned on 1,072 acres of land. Out of this, 434 acres have been acquired and the rest will be done. The area has been planned for various institutional and commercial buildings. This'll include land earmarked for Educational City.Garden Centre Scheme: The scheme has been proposed at village Raipur Kalan on land measuring 20.51 acre to relocate plant nurseries which were uprooted at the time of acquisition of land for other developmental projects. The scheme has been planned for allotment of sites on a monthly licence basis on different sizes of plots (1 kanal to 1 acre).Transport Area: Transport Area was planned at one end of the city, but with the coming up of Manimajra and Panchkula, this area is now in midst of urban areas generating large traffic volumes.Around 45 acres out of available 105 acres in village Daria have been earmarked as Transport Area. The site has many locational advantages with route no. 2 to Panchkula providing it direct connectivity on the one side and Madhya Marg on the other.Modern Terminal Market: The terminal complex has been proposed on 42 acres of land at agro zone near Sector 39-W. The project will be on Built Own and Operate basis. The market will have services like electronic auction facility, cold storage, temperature controlled warehouses, transport services, business centre services and convenience stores.Rehabilitation colony, marriage palaces and commercial activity: Some area opposite the cremation ground in Sector 38-W has been partly reserved for a rehabilitation colony and partly for marriage palaces and other commercial activity.Village Raipur Khurd: Here land has been set aside for orchards, fishery, piggery, floriculture, diary farming, sericulture, poultry, bee keeping, cattle fair ground, health spa and ethnic restaurant.Wildlife corridor: It will be developed over 400 acres around village Kaimbwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674260", "title": "Hush up! or Ekta Kapoor will sue you", "text": "She has added a unique clause in her contract with the cast of Ek Thi Daayan to keep the key character's identity a secretThe success of any suspense thriller depends a lot on how well the crew manages to keep its key plot point or character under wraps. And the recent box-office response to Talaash, a thriller that may have suffered after word about its supernatural elements went viral on the internet, was an eye opener for filmmakers dealing with this genre.Pre-empting any such damaging whisper campaign, Ekta Kapoor , who is co-producing Ek Thi Daayan (starring Huma Qureshi and Emraan Hashmi) with Vishal Bhardwaj, has introduced a confidentiality clause in her contract that forbids her cast and crew from sharing or 'leaking' any information pertaining to the identity of the ' daayan ' in the film. And if any crewmember were found guilty, they would be sued for the damages.Evidently, there is a lot riding on this character. While Non-disclosure Agreements are fairly common in the industry, this would be the first time a production house has sought to protect a plot or character from spoilsports. The film's spokesperson confirmed the development and said it was Ekta's idea, seconded by her senior team members.According to a source close to the producer, her decision was also brought about by the 'proliferation of social networking sites' and the damage they cause to the film by encouraging users to share vital information about the plot or characters online and elsewhere. Ekta's decision has been welcomed by a large section of the film fraternity.In fact, Vishesh Films, which has been making suspense thrillers is already exploring the possibility of including such a clause for their next film Murder 3. \"It won't be a bad idea, \" said Mahesh Bhatt, the head honcho of the production house and added, \"What Ekta has done would definitely add to the moral responsibility of the cast and crew. The legal consequences could act as a deterrent.\" To protect her film's USP, Ekta and her director Kannan Iyer have also decided to shoot the climax at the end of the schedule, closer to its April release date.\"This is also a departure from the trend, since most filmmakers shoot the critical shots way beforehand,\" says a source close to the film, adding, \"And that is how crucial information about the film often makes its way from the set to the social networking sites. Ekta wanted to protect her film from all possible such attacks.\" But director Sujoy Ghosh, who managed to keep the suspense around his film Kahaani alive till its release, was of a different opinion. \"I agree there are people who are playing spoilsport, I don't think the cast and crew of a film leaks out vital information. It is as much as their film as a producer's,\" he told us.Kahaani was shown to quite a few people before its release. And yet, the climax, when it came, left everyone stunned . \"It is simply because they liked the film. If a film is good, the audience wants it to be seen. I still see Sixth Sense and Usual Suspect since I like the content,\" Ghosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17673355", "title": "Christmas fun begins with cake mixing", "text": "LUDHIANA: The age-old tradition of cake-mixing to usher in good tidings and happiness is an essential part of the festive season, and when it comes to traditions Ludhianvis are never behind. Going by the traditional method of preparing plum cake, a city based Italian cafe and coffee shop at Malhar Road arranged a cake mixing ceremony on Tuesday.Inviting the residents, the coffee shop laid huge piles of cashew nuts, walnuts, figs, dry apricots, orange peels, almonds, cranberries, prunes, raisins and spices for mixing along with brandy, sherry or whisky. The mix, which is done well in advance before Christmas, helps the ingredients develop a better aroma and taste. As a part of the tradition, the mix is kept in an upside-down airtight container and a small amount of brandy, sherry, rum or whisky is poured in every week until Christmas. This process is called \"feeding\" the cake.Monika Dhal, a resident of Dugri and owner of the Italian cafe, said, \"This is a very common tradition in Christian households. The mixture made by our guests is going to be stored till Christmas day so that the dry fruits can macerate well for the plum cake. The flavours need to blend in perfectly. The main idea is to make the guests feel that they have played a significant part in making the Christmas cake and thereby increasing the festive spirit.\"Dressed in aprons and gloves around half a dozen guests gathered for the ceremony and enjoyed the tradition by digging into the huge vessel of assorted condiments. Mridul Chakraborthy, 30, an NRI who came along with his cousin to attend the ceremony, said, \"It is fun to be a part of the cake mixing ceremony in a city like Ludhiana where people celebrate the traditions and cultures of all religions, equally.\" Ayush Jain, a resident of Sarabha Nagar, said, \"I came out for shopping, but when I heard about the cake mixing activity, I couldn't help but rush here to be a part of the festivities. Now I am eagerly waiting to taste the cake which has been mixed by hundreds of people to usher in cheer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17672283", "title": "Hometeck buys Meenumix brand", "text": "KOCHI: Hometeck Commercial Agencies Pvt Ltd (HTL), a Kochi-based distributor of home appliances, has acquired Meenumix, a leading brand in kitchen equipment.HTL will invest Rs 100 crore within two years to develop the market. \"In the near future, Meenumix will be introducing wet grinders, juicers, gas burners and induction cookers in the home appliances market. Customer care centres will be opened across the country and the Middle East in addition to the existing five service centres in the state,\" said Haridas Alekkaran, chairman of HTL.Meenumix, originally founded by Kerala-born Balakrishna Pillai, had run into labour problems in the mid-1990s, causing a major market setback for the company in Kerala and Tamil Nadu , said K M Nair, son-in-law of Pillai. With the sale of brand, Meenu Equipment, the original manufacturer of Meenumix, will cease to exist. HTL has outsourced the manufacturing of the mixer grinder to Mumbai-based V K Group. \"Meenumix will be produced from our factory in Himachal Pradesh,\" said K M Shetty, chairman of V K Group.Ibrahim Khamis, group chairman of HTL, said he is eyeing the Indian expatriates in the Middle East as potential customers. \"Currently, Meenumix is available in the UAE and Bahrain, and soon we will set up a distribution network in Qatar and Saudi Arabia,\" he said. HTL also exports meat products and seafood to the Middle East.It is estimated that roughly 5 lakh mixer grinders are being sold in Kerala every year, and Meenumix commands a market share of 10%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671781", "title": "SRFTI suspends 2 students for ragging", "text": "KOLKATA: The Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute (SRFTI) has cracked the whip on ragging after the inquiry into a November 29 incident found that freshers had been abused, heckled and threatened with sexual assault.Four girls were among those ragged. Of the accused, two senior students have been suspended and three others placed under \"conduct probation\". Three accused students have been let off with a warning.The institute had put all eight students under temporary suspension on November 29 after a group of freshers alleged that they were confined to the hostel terrace and ragged for three consecutive nights.\"The two suspended students have been barred from the hostel. They will not be able to take part in any scholastic programme or be eligible for any incentives that the students enjoy. Further, they have been banned from all national and international events in which SRFTI will take part,\" said SRFTI director Sanjaya Pattanayak.The three put under conduct probation will be watched. They, too, will not be able to take part in scholastic programme nor will they be eligible for incentives, said Pattanayak. \"They will not represent the institute in any national or international event either,\" he added.Three students were let off as there was not enough evidence to prove their involvement in the ragging, the director said. But they have been warned and their conduct, too, will be observed. They have been barred from events as well.On November 28, SRFTI registrar Dipankar Mukherjee had received a call from a girl student who alleged that her batchmates were forced to go to the hostel terrace where they were being ragged. She also said that while she had managed to escape the ragging, but three other girls were told that they won't be released till she joined them at the hostel.SRFTI took a strong view of the matter and put eight students under suspension on November 29. They were asked to leave the hostel on November 30. \"The complaints we received from some of the students were quite shocking. Initially, they were scared to lodge complaints but we assured them that their identities would be kept secret. As per a Supreme Court order, ragging has to be dealt with very strictly. So, we put the students under suspension and ordered an inquiry,\" said an SRFTI official.The two suspended students escaped a more stringent penal action since they were on the verge of completing their course, said Pattanayak. \"They have been told to finish their projects and leave. A sterner action might have jeopardized their professional careers,\" said Pattanayak. Two of the suspended students had been placed under conduct probation last year, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17672643", "title": "13 killed in roof crash at hospital under construction", "text": "PUNE: Thirteen labourers were killed after a 1,200 sq.ft. roof-like structure of an under-construction hospital building collapsed at Kesnand, near Wagholi, off the Pune-Ahmednagar highway on Tuesday afternoon. The police and fire-brigade retrieved all 13 bodies from the debris by evening.Fifteen labourers were working on the RCC structure, which was being constructed atop the fourth floor of the building, when it came crashing down around 2.30 pm. Other construction workers called the police and the fire-brigade.The fire-brigade had a tough time pulling out bodies from the seven-foot-high debris. Only the hands and legs of some of the construction workers could be seen in the slush and wet cement-concrete all around the construction site. The first body was pulled out a good two hours after the collapse and the last around 7.15 pm.The Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust is constructing the building for its proposed Ayurvedic Panchakarma hospital. The trust already has an ayurvedic college at Kesnand. Prashant Suru, one of the trustees, said the construction work had started around a year back and was now in the final stages.The labourers who were killed were from Solapur, Nanded, Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal. Some of them were staying with their families at the construction site. The police identified 11 of the 13 labourers as Prakash Shelke (25), Shernappa Shelke (41) (both from Solapur), Hari Rathod (40), Dadarao Chavan (45) (both from Nanded), Jism Tewal (40) of West Bengal, Nilesh Thakur (20), Jitendra Thakur (21), Tulsiram Banskar (40), Kalyan Chuthan (42) (all from Madhya Pradesh) and Siddhram Kumane (30) and Khwaja Hussain (38) (both from Karnataka).Bhim Sharma, a labourer from West Bengal, said he narrowly escaped death as he had gone towards the stairs away from the structure only five minutes before the collapse. \"It happened in front of my eyes. I am fortunate to have survived,\" he said.'Hospital had all bldg permissions'Resident district collector Anil Pawar said the underconstruction hospital had all the necessary building permissions. The Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust had taken the approvals a decade ago for undertaking educational and social purpose projects. The district administration is now preparing a report on the incident, to be submitted to the CM.Structural audit was clean: TrusteeT he work was at the tail end when the unfortunate incident took place, Sukumar Sardeshmukh, ayurveda expert and trustee of the Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust, said. \"A structural audit of the building (under construction) was carried out two months ago and it found the work satisfactory on all fronts,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17670165", "title": "Gaya civil society decries poor quality of road construction", "text": "GAYA: Virtually fed up with the poor quality of newly-constructed roads in city, non-functional beautification schemes including installation of water springs at several places and condition of the Gandhi Maidan walkway on account of broken tiles, the Gaya civil society on Monday organized a meet to discuss the strategy to prevent, what several participants called the virtual loot of public money. The meet was organized under the banner of 'Prabuddha Nagrik Parishad'. Well known writer Govardhan Prasad Saday presided over the meet.According to Braj Nandan Pathak, RTI activist and convener of the parishad, civil society members strongly questioned the quality control mechanism of the different development related departments/agencies. There was near unanimity at the meet that the quality of construction/repair of the city roads was extremely poor so much so that pot holes emerge within no time and the frequency of accidents due to poor quality of roads has gone up. The meet participants also questioned the lack of transparency and violation of guidelines for the prominent display of project details including the cost and the name of the executing agencies. As most of the contractors are feared for their muscle power, the members of the general public suffer in silence.Big money was being spent in the name of Gandhi Maidan's beautification. The walk way tiles in the Maidan get frequently uprooted and major part of the historic Maidan has been encroached upon to facilitate illegal constructions. What irks Gayaites all the more is the fact that the nearly four-year-old dispute between the Road Construction Department (RCD) and the Electricity Board on the issue of relocation of electric poles and transformers from several roads including Church Road, Dak Bungalow Road and Swarajpuri Road following the widening of the roads has yet not been resolved. Whereas, the RCD wants the relocation job to be done by the electricity board, the board wants the RCD to foot the bill, which the RCD considers to be highly inflated and unrealistic.On account of the on-going tug of war between the Electricity Board and the RCD, the road widening project has become virtually redundant as the motorable area remains more or less the same despite widening of the roads by two metres or more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670992", "title": "Stopped for not wearing helmet, biker hits traffic cop", "text": "MUMBAI: A 43-year-old biker allegedly assaulted a traffic police officer on Tuesday after the latter stopped him for not wearing a helmet and asked for his driving licence. The accused, Himayatali Chaudhry, was riding the bike with his wife Nagina as pillion when the scuffle took place outside the Byculla zoo. The police arrested the couple for preventing a police officer from discharging his duty.Police sources said that the Byculla division traffic personnel were on a drive when the incident took place at around 1pm. Police sub-inspector Janardhan Patil asked Chaudhry to stop his bike as he was not wearing a helmet. Chaudhry began arguing with the policemen and then he pushed Patil and snatched his police badge.Patil, in his statement, said that Chaudhry had refused to pay the Rs 100 fine. Chaudhry later tried to influence the police, claiming to be associated with a political party. Patil alleged that Chaudhry had assaulted him. The traffic police team alleged that Nagina, who saw her husband arguing with Patil, also joined him. She allegedly threatened the police that she would file a molestation case against them. A case has been registered against the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17672921", "title": "Parties don poll fatigues", "text": "JAIPUR: Slowly but steadily the state is gearing up for the elections, which would be held by the end of next year; with the political parties increasingly becoming active.While the ruling party is planning a major rally next week with a participation of 1 lakh supporters in order to promote the 'achievements' of the state and the central government, former chief minister Vasundhara Raje too is back in action and holding meeting with BJP's district committee in-charge in Dholpur.The Jaipur chapter of Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party was also launched on Monday and the party plans to fields its candidates during in the forthcoming polls.On the other hand, chief minister of Uttar Pradesh Akhilesh Yadav is expected to be in Rajasthan next month. It is believed that the Samajwadi Party (SP) is looking at securing some space in the state politics and felt its presence felt during the next assembly elections.The Samajwadi Party will hold a public meeting at Jaipur on January 12, which Akhilesh Yadav would address.The party as of now has no ground in the state except for some not to relevant existence in a few districts. However, the party now hopes to play the role of a 'king-maker' in the state.\"We cannot win the elections all by ourselves but we can have a strong presence. We are looking at fielding candidates in at least 50 constituencies and even if do not win on all, we can be in a strong position with whatever seats we win and play the kind-maker,'' said Ram Kishore Sharma, the state president for SP.He said that the BSP had managed to win six seats in the last elections and looking at the present political situation in the state, a third-option would be welcomed by the voters.The SP has gained some support of organisations like the Samta Andolan Samiti, which are fighting against job quotas and is backing on this support.The party, led by Mulayam Singh, had strongly opposed the amendment to provide reservation in government jobs for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes, which was passed in the Rajya Sabha on Monday.\"The party has not been in favour of reservations in promotions and if it come to Rajasthan with the promise of not implementing them in the state, we will gladly support it,'' said Ram Niranjan Gaur, General Secretary, Samta Andolan Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672965", "title": "'Incomplete information' on grants leads to uproar in Punjab assembly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Diversion of funds by the Punjab government, from the Union government sponsored schemes, for social welfare led to an uproar in the assembly as the opposition put the ruling alliance on backfoot over \"incomplete information\" on grants released to Scheduled Caste students for post-matriculation scholarships in the state.Banga MLA Tarlochan Singh had sought details of money released by the Centre and forwarded to students. In its reply, the government submitted that it got Rs 10,910 lakh in the past two years and released Rs 6,706 lakh out of it to the implementing departments last year.However, the opposition legislators were up on their feet, demanding details of every single student who has been given the scholarship. \"Our feedback is that the students have not got the money, the funds have been diverted. Everyone knows where the money has gone. The finance minister knows very well,\" said leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar.As the Congress MLAs insisted on an explanation for diversion of funds, Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal called for the next question, saying, \"Please don't waste time of the House.\" To this, Jakhar reacted by asking, \"Mr Speaker, what could be more important for a state government than education of young students.\"The Congress also took up the issue of cumbersome procedure of applying for grants for cancer treatment, pointing out cases where poor patients had applied for money which was promised and not given. Health minister Madan Mohan Mittal told the House, \"We have already simplified the procedures and money is being given to hospitals (treating the patients) directly and not to the patients.\" To this, Jakhar quipped, \" I am sorry to say that the credibility of the government in fiscal matters is so bad that petrol pump owners are not giving petrol to government vehicles, on assurance of payment by the government. How do you expect private hospitals to treat poor patients on government's assurance?\"Meanwhile, the Speaker welcomed Peter Sandhu, member of legislative assembly, Alberta, Canada, who came to watch the second day of winter session of the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17672190", "title": "Shahi Marg slated for widening for Kumbh mela to avoid congestion", "text": "NASHIK: Nine years after 40 pilgrims died in a stampede during the Kumbh mela, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to widen the Shahi Marg, the route taken by sadhus from Tapovan, where they stay, to Godavari for the holy dip. The move would avoid congestion during the next Kumbh in 2015.The Shahi Marg stretches about three km from Godavari river to Tapovan winding through narrow lanes via Sardar Chowk and Kalaram Mandir. The stampede had taken place in 2003.The widening issue had surfaced before the last Kumbh , but was opposed by locals. The civic body had built a new Shahi Marg that ran parallel to the flow of Godavari from Tapovan to Ramkund in Godavari. However, the sadhus had refused to take this route during the last Kumbh as they had not been consulted before deciding to build it. They also considered it inauspicious as it passed close to a crematorium.After the stampede, the state government appointed a committee headed by the then divisional commissioner of Aurangabad V Ramani to conduct a probe. The committee, in its report, had suggested the widening of the old Shahi Marg. But, even after a decade, the widening has not taken place.Speaking to TOI, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"I have visited Shahi Marg twice along with the officials of town planning department and public works department. There is a need to widen it. We are planning to widen the Shahi Marg and we will have to begin from land acquisition. We have also chalked out such a proposal. We will require support and willpower to carry out the task.\"Nearby roads would also be widened. \"After all, we have only two options either widen the (old) Shahi Marg or plan a new Shahi Marg,\" Khandare said.District collector Vilas Patil said, \"Widening is almost impossible within a short period of two years. If NMC is doing it, then they will need to change the status in the development plan. But we will check the possibility of widening of the Shahi Marg and whether it is possible to widen the ghatside of the road for the crowd to spread out.\"President of Ganga Godavari Purohit Sangh that represents priests performing rituals round-the-year on the banks of the Godavari, Satish Shukla said, \"Widening of Shahi Marg is our demand. We will raise this issue during our meeting with district collector Vilas Patil. All roads leading to Godavari should be widened.\"Mahant Sudhirdas Pujari, a priest in Kalaram temple, said, \"The Shahi Marg should be widened and the civic administration must do it at the earliest.Considering the huge crowd visiting Nashik during the Kumbh, the planning should be executed at the earliest. Moreover, the encroachments around Kalaram temple should be razed and the temple made encroachment free.\"Former mayor and sitting corporator of BJP Balasaheb Sanap said, \"We have given memoranda to widen the Shahi Marg several times, but the administration has not listened to us. Some residents are ready to give their land against TDR, but the NMC administration did not show any interest. It is time to do things practically and NMC administration, collectorate and police department should jointly look into the matter.\"Nashik is one of the four places in the country where the Kumbh is held every 12 years when the sun enters the Leo constellation. It is called Sinhastha Kumbh mela. Lakhs of pilgrims come to Nashik to take a holy dip in River Godavari during the auspicious moments during the Kumbh.The flag proclaiming the next Simhastha Kumbh mela will be hoisted on July 14, 2015. The first Shahi Snan will take place on August 29, 2015, while the second and third Shahi Snans will take place on September 13 and 18, 2015, respectively. The flag will be lowered on August 11, 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17671970", "title": "Two NID films win at Mumbai film festival", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two films by students of National Institute of Design ( NID)'s film and video faculty won awards at Cut. In Students' Film Festival held at Tata Institute of Social Science (TISS) Mumbai on December 15 and 16. 'Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread' by Satchith Paulose won the best documentary award (gold) as well as silver award for sound. Another movie, 'Vikaas Chaalu Che' by Prachee Bajania, won silver in documentary category and gold for editing.While Paulose's film shuttles between industrial and organic spaces to question the nature of day-to-day existence, Bajania's documentary is about the Kankaria Lake of Ahmedabad where she juxtaposed the earlier lake with the current developed lakefront and how that starts a debate on the issue of what development means.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671609", "title": "Parents allege no headway in son's kidnapping case", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police are still groping in the dark in the kidnapping of 10-year-old Sebastian David, who has been missing from last 11 days from his Khalasi Line residence at Sadar. His family claims the police have not taken any action so far.Sebastian was last seen on December 8 with neighbour Mukesh Yadav, who is a labourer with a decorating contractor. Sebastian's father claims they alleged a kidnapping the same day, but Sadar police ignored them and filed a missing complaint.However, senior police inspector RV Bansod told TOI that initially the parents hid the details. \"They only filed a missing complaint. Later, when they didn't see Yadav around, they accused him of kidnapping. On Monday, they came with the kidnapping allegation and we immediately file the complaint,\" said Bansod.Claiming that his teams are trying to track down Yadav, Bansod said they are spreading out in and around the city in search of the boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671811", "title": "Murmurs in BJP over support to promotion quota bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP is having to contend with backbenchers' resentment over the party's support to the constitutional amendment bill designed to secure quota in promotions for SCs and STs, with a group of MPs, particularly those from UP, asking the leadership not to help with passage of the legislation in the current session.While BJP has decided to support the quota bill, at its parliamentary party meeting on Tuesday, some MPs, including from Uttar Pradesh, spoke out against the bill, saying it would damage the upper caste support for the party in the state and would hurt the party's interest in the coming elections.Speaking at the meeting, senior UP MP Lalji Tandon mentioned that the state party president was assaulted, and doors and windows of his house smashed because of an upper caste backlash against the bill. Among others who expressed views against the bill were Kamlesh Paswan from Bansgaon in UP, Kirti Azad from Bihar and Devji Mansingram Patel from Rajasthan.At the meeting, parliamentary party chairman L K Advani acknowledged that the bill was not received well by a section in the party.While there is realization that the BJP cannot backpedal on its support to the bill in Rajya Sabha, some of the agitated members want the party not to cooperate with any move to secure passage of the bill in Lok Sabha on Wednesday.\"We cannot go back on our decision which is consistent with our support for affirmative action for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes which have suffered worst sort of indignities. But we have to find ways to deal with the fear of some members that the decision would cost them the support of upper castes. We will take a call on Wednesday,\" a senior party leader said.The government has planned to put the bill to vote in Lok Sabha on Wednesday: something which can sharpen the BJP's dilemma. On the other hand, a decision to put off the vote on the contentious legislation will be a help, sparing the party from taking a decision that can annoy its upper caste constituency, particularly in UP where SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has aggressively opposed the promotion quota move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17670682", "title": "Father wants death sentence for son", "text": "PATNA: A father on Tuesday demanded death sentence for his son for allegedly killing his step-mother and two step-sisters in the Bihar capital.\"I simply want death sentence for my son. He has committed an unforgivable crime,\" Gopal Sharan Singh, a retired government official told newspersons here.Three days ago, Singh's son Devesh Kumar alias Rinku allegedly murdered the three people in their house in the Pataliputra Colony here.\"I am a devastated man now. My life is full of (unpleasant) memories and unbearable pain. My son deserves the death sentence for his crime,\" Singh said. Devesh is Singh's son from his first marriage. He lives in Delhi and is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672587", "title": "Valuation of BCom, BCA papers delayed", "text": "BANGALORE: The valuation of the third and fifth semester B.Com. answerscripts of Bangalore University has been delayed. It was scheduled to commence on December 3 but hasn't started yet and this is bound to delay the results.On Tuesday, over 400 valuators who reached the United Mission College on Mission Road were sent back for the fifth time. \"We reached the centre at 9.30am to find that the custodian wasn't there. We waited till 1pm, but nobody turned up. We tried contacting the BU registrar (evaluation), but he didn't take our calls,\" said KM Nagaraj, president, Bangalore University College Teachers Association (BUCTA).BUCTA office-bearers say teachers have been reaching centres every morning but the varsity comes up with some excuse for not starting the evaluation. They added that the process at four colleges in the city has been suspended. \"The problem is with the evaluation of BCom and BCA answersheets and affected centres include the United Mission College, City College , Mariyappa College and Maharani Arts College. They say that since custodians at these centres are to be changed, they have suspended the process,\" said Nagaraj.According to BUCTA members, 3.5 lakh answersheets are to be valuated. \"We informed varsity officials well in advance that the process will take at least 35-40 days, but to no avail. We were initially sent back because bar coding on answersheets was not complete. Then came the change in custodians. Classes will reopen on January 2 and we're left with no option but to attend classes in the morning and evaluate papers in the afternoon,\" said BG Bhaskara, member, BUCTA.Process will be smooth: SomashekarVarsity officials said the evaluation will go ahead smoothly from Wednesday. \"Initially, the delay was due to a hold up in the installment of the scanning machine. The company which was supposed to install the machine delayed it as payment had not been made. Later, the academic council decided to change the custodian at some colleges. I assure you the process will go ahead smoothly from Wednesday. With around 400 evaluators, the work should be over in 20-25 days,\" said RK Somashekar, registrar, evaluation, BU.Somashekar also added that since the answersheets are of the third and fifth semester, the delay will not cause too many problems. \"If it was the final semester, we'd have ensured there was no problem,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673322", "title": "Climbdown could point to emergence of softer Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena's climbdown on the Bal Thackeray memorial issue could well be an indication that Matoshree is willing to shed its militant image, say Sena watchers. The hush-hush removal of the makeshift structure at Shivaji Park in the early hours of Tuesday was in sharp contrast to the Sena's aggressive, roughand-ready brand of politics under Thackeray's leadership.\"The Sena for four decades practised street violence with gusto. In 1992, Shiv Sainiks dug up the Wankhede stadium pitch in full public view to protest against the India-Pakistan Test match in Mumbai. As against this brazen display of coercion, the clandestine manner in which the Shivaji Park structure was removed must have come as a relief to Mumbaikars and the Sena's new dispensation,\" said a Mumbai Congress functionary.A senior Sena leader put the events of the past month in perspective. \"Uddhav-ji is now in charge of the Sena. He knows that he can't replicate Balasaheb's aggressive style of functioning and give the same sound-bites. This should explain Uddhav-ji's willingness, after all the dust kicked up by party seniors such as Manohar Joshi and Sanjay Raut on the memorial issue, to make peace with the ruling Democratic Front (DF),\" he stated.Neither is Sena president Uddhav Thackeray a Thackeray Senior clone, nor is chief minister Prithviraj Chavan willing to take a cue from the late Vasantrao Naik, the Congress CM of the 1960s and '70s who is believed to have encouraged the Sena in Mumbai visa-vis the communists. \"The Congress high command's brief to Chavan is to keep the Sena on a tight leash in the post-Balasaheb era,\" the Congressman said.With polls scheduled for early 2014, the Congress will not let the Sena disrupt Mumbai's cosmopolitan character. \"The Congress-NCP combine may be eager to repeat its 2009 electoral grand slam, when it bagged all six Lok Sabha seats in the city,\" he said.The Sena has also over the past few years undergone a drastic generational change, Sena watchers say. \"The post-2000 Sainik isn't a quintessential Marathi porga (boy) steeped in the Sena rada (street-fight ) culture of the 1970s. He has new role models and has imbibed post-globalization values which put a greater emphasis on consumption and wealth,\" said a senior state bureaucrat.Keeping to Mumbai's fastmutating ground realities, Uddhav, who is known for his sobriety, chose not to go on a confrontation course with the ruling DF, but opted to shift the structure, never mind if Sainiks have consecreated it as a samadhi or shakti-sthal.Times view : Protect the public groundThe Shiv Sena's reluctance to vacate the site at Shivaji Park where a makeshift memorial to Bal Thackeray has come up smacks of disregard for the law and the agreement that senior Sainiks had made with public authorities. Shivaji Park is a public ground and the Sena was allowed to use it in good faith for Thackeray's cremation only so that the lakhs attending his funeral would not be inconvenienced. However, after the funeral, senior Sena leaders breached that trust by refusing to vacate the public ground. If a political party can flex its muscles to show such disregard for public property \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that too a ground in which the courts take a close interest in protecting \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it can set a bad precedent and send the wrong signals to Mumbai. There are many other sites in the city where a memorial to Thackeray can be built. The chief minister, who said one can't concede to the Sena as no more construction is allowed at the park, must stick to his stand. And the BMC should stick to the original deal and ask the Sena to vacate the ground.(TOI reprints a Times View published on Dec 6)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671660", "title": "16-yr-old girl 'kidnapped and raped' for a month", "text": "NAGPUR: A minor girl who had been missing for over a month has returned to her parents' house, claiming to have been kidnapped and repeatedly raped by a friend over the last few weeks.The 16-year-old victim, a diploma student, had gone missing from October 30. Her parents had registered a missing complaint with MIDC police.Police sources said the victim returned home in the third week of November. However, the girl filed a complaint of kidnap and rape recently, since the parents were hesitating to lodge a complaint.The victim's statement recorded by the police says that she had told her parents that she was going to her cousin's house at Gondia. However, on the way, her neighbour Sujit Sahoo (23) alias Monu stopped her and forced her to come with him on his bike. The girl claimed that she refused to go, but Sahoo threatened to kill her parents.The victim said Sahoo forced her to board a train to Chennai with him, and she was raped for the first time in the train. On reaching Chennai, Sahoo took her to his cousin's house, where they stayed for more than two weeks.Police informed that in October last week, Sahoo brought her back to the city and hid her at his sister's house. \"The girl was again raped there for a week,\" said the police.The police complaint mentions the girl was asked by Sahoo to go home on November 2. However, when she refused, his younger brother Sumit abused her and used foul words for her parents, so the girl returned home.A month later, the girl's parents encouraged her to file a police complaint, and MIDC police registered a rape and abduction case against Sahoo and also booked Sumit for abusing and threatening her parents under the prevention of atrocities act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670573", "title": "High court tells Maharashtra govt to compensate retired army officer Rs 25,000", "text": "MUMBAI: Bureaucrats take sadistic pleasure in disappointing the common man, especially retirees, said the Bombay high court while directing the state to pay Rs 25,000 compensation to a retired army officer for making him \"run from pillar to post\" for his rightful service dues.A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode gave their verdict on a petition by Pune-based Colonel (retd) Bhagatsingh Deshmukh. After 28 years of service, Deshmukh took premature retirement in 1998. He joined the government in 1999 as director, department of sainik welfare. In 2007, his pay was re-fixed, barely 15 days before his retirement. As a result, Rs1,26 lakh was deducted from his gratuity. After the MAT rejected his plea, he moved the HC, which in 2011 directed to fix his pay on a scale starting at Rs 12,000 with effect from his date of joining with an annual increment of Rs 375 for each year of service. The state's appeal in SC was rejected.Deshmukh argued that since the HC's order did not mention that the pay should be fixed according to the October 1950 GR, the general administration department and the finance department was not paying him his dues. After the HC's order, the government repealed the October 1950 GR and issued a fresh GR in June 2012 and on that basis held that Deshmukh is not entitled to his allowances on higher pay-scale in which he was employed. The judges directed the state to recalculate his pay in accordance with the HC's earlier order and to pay 18% interest per annum within six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675647", "title": "Naomi Watts suffered from bronchitis during the shoot of 'The Impossible'", "text": "Golden Globe nominee, Naomi Watts, reportedly suffered from bronchitis while filming for The Impossible. The film is based on the real life story of 2004 Tsunami survivor, Maria Belon. Naomi also complained of stomach problems after swallowing copious amount of water while shooting a number of underwater scenes.Juan Antonio Bayona, the director of The Impossible , revealed, \"The role was very demanding physically. From the first day, Naomi had bronchitis and stomach problems because she was swallowing a lot of water. But no matter how exhausted or emotionally drained she was, I could always ask for another take- and she loved that.\"Naomi Watts not only recovered from the illness but also fought her fear of water during the shoot of The Impossible. The Impossible is a true story of a Spanish couple family who had just begun started enjoying their winter vacation in Thailand when an unexpected tsunami threatened to destroy the entire region on the unforgettable day of December 26, 2004. The story traces the frenzied journey of search, compassion, courage and how the family survives in the darkest hours of their lives, following the wild flood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17672167", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation faces another litigation on pollution", "text": "NASHIK: A contempt petition filed by social activist Narayan Namdeo Yadav from Pathardi three years back against the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for non-compliance of pollution norms in the compost plant will come up for admission in the Bombay high court on Thursday. The civic body will face its second case of pollution after a recent PIL on the Godavari pollution issue.The compost plant was given on contract in 2001 to m/s Lio Bitoech but was taken over by the corporation in 2002. Residents living close to the compost plant took objections to the foul smell and the flies and mosquitoes that were breeding in the area due to the presence of the plant and took their grievances to the NMC. Getting no response from the civic body, they took legal recourse.Following a PIL filed by Yadav, the High Court directed the National Environment Engineering and Research Institute (NEERI) to inspect the site and submit its report, which in turn found that there was non-compliance of the Municipal Solid Waste Rule 2000 and the Pollution Act in running the compost plant. It also recommended NMC to comply with the guidelines issued in order to prevent serious health problems that the residents were facing, or could face in the future.After hearing a number of PILs on the issue, the court closed the case on February 17, 2010, following the presentation of the compliance report by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB). However, when the petitioner filed a civil application stating that the plant had still not been modified as per NEERI guidelines, the High Court issued a notice of contempt of court to NMC and ordered another hearing on December 20.In another such litigation faced by the corporation, the Bombay high court, on December 6, had ordered the state government to submit an affidavit before January 24, on the action it had taken to prevent the pollution of river Godavari in Nashik.The order was given in response to a PIL filed by Rajesh Pandit, Nishikant Pagare and Jagbir Singh of a Nashik-based NGO, Godavari Gatarikaran Virodhi Manch, over the pollution of the river. The activists had launched a series of agitations over a period of two years on the issue.Besides the order to the state government, the HC had also sent notices to all the five respondents - NMC, the municipal commissioner, the regional officer of MPCB, the state government and the central government. The case was heard by chief justice Mohit Shah and justice Anup Mohta and was argued by lawyer Pravartak Pathak on behalf of the NGO.The Godavari pollution case was filed under IPC sections 430 and 431 according to which, mischief with the river knowing that it will harm somebody is an offence. If the river is polluted, it is harmful to people, animals and plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "anakapalli", "code": "17671924", "title": "Jagan doesn't deserve any sympathy, says CM", "text": "ANAKAPALLI: After ardently wooing women on day one of his three-day tour of the district as part of Indiramma Baata programme, the second day saw chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy finally bring his claws out.In a major departure from his normally reticent self, on Tuesday the CM took on YSRCP chief Jaganmohan Reddy head on by calling him corrupt.\"Jaganmohan Reddy is in jail on corruption charges, he is no freedom fighter,\" the CM said at a public meeting in Anakapalli urging the people to show no pity towards Jagan as he was capable of ruining the state with his corrupt practices.Referring to the newspaper run by the YSRCP chief, Kiran Kumar pointed out, \"The Congress party needed a newspaper that would highlight at least 10% of the good work that it does and with that intention the paper was launched by former CM YS Rajasekhara Reddy. But unfortunately it has become the mouthpiece of YSRCP and an anti-government propaganda tool.\"Mincing no words, a fairly aggressive CM also issued a stern warning to his party workers as well as MPs and MLAs, against taking up any anti-party activities. \"The party will not tolerate any form of agitation or negative work against the party and it includes the elected ones,\" he said.He was indirectly hinting at the dissident factor that is plaguing the party right now and the non-coordination and non-cooperation between the party workers in the district.Wooing the SC/STs, he said the allocation for them in the sub-plan has been the highest so far by any government. The allocation is 22.8% which amounts to about Rs 3,500-4,000 crore.The chief minister also took the opportunity to blow his own trumpet. He said that when he took over the reigns of chief ministership the state had over Rs 8,000 crore pending in the form of reimbursements under various schemes which he had cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "17675299", "title": "Minor girl killed after being gang-raped in Bihar's Saharsa district", "text": "SAHARSA: A minor girl was allegedly gang-raped and murdered in Bihar's Saharsa district.The eight-year-old, bearing several injury marks on her body, was found floating dead in a canal today in Belbara village under Simri Bhakhtiarpur police station area, about 20 kms from the district headquarters.Based on the marks, police suspect that the girl was killed after being gang-raped. She was last seen playing outside her home yesterday.The body has been sent for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673268", "title": "BJP eyes alliance stronghold", "text": "RANCHI: The BJP is trying to make inroads into the Kurmi heartland of Ramgarh and the Hunkaar Rally on Friday will be a step to make its presence felt in the district, considered to be a stronghold of the All Jharkhand Students Union (Ajsu) Party.A senior BJP leader admitted that the rally also aimed to arouse anti-incumbency factor against the Ajsu Party, which has been winning the Ramgarh seat in the past three elections by a comfortable margin.\"We have noticed that despite being our alliance partner in Jharkhand, the Ajsu Party is trying to expand its base in the BJP stronghold. The party has been making fanatic efforts to win over our supporters in a bid to increase its strength in the next assembly election and begin a national party we cannot accept it,\" said the BJP leader.The Ajsu Party has six members in the Jharkhand assembly and four of them are first timers. The party is now planning to contest all 81 assembly and 14 Lok Sabha seats in the next election.\"We cannot sit and watch a comparatively new outfit like the Ajsu Party to invade our area and win assembly and Lok Sabha seats. We are sure that after the rally, Ajsu Party leaders will realize our strength,\" said the BJP leader while hinting that a large number of supporters of the ally may join the BJP on the day of rally.State BJP president Dineshanand Goswami said the party had good presence in Ramgarh and Hazaribagh districts.\"We are a national party and never believe on caste politics. Even then if someone is talking about the BJP trying to win over Kurmi voters, let me make clear that the party always has its support in both Ramgarh and Hazaribag district. It was because of the support, the BJP got good percentage of vote in the last Lok Sabha election,\" said Goswami.However, he said the party was making efforts to consolidate its base in all assembly and Lok Sabha constituencies before the next election. \"We will make people aware of the failures of the UPA government at the Centre,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672633", "title": "Woman fakes own abduction to help lover", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman, who staged a kidnap drama to help her lover financially without the knowledge of her husband, was let off with a warning on Monday.Police said Nivedha, 28, a resident of West Mambalam, pledged 10 sovereigns of gold jewellery with a pawnbroker about a month ago and gave the money to her lover, Vetri of Dharmapuri. She then brought imitation jewellery of same designs to dupe her husband Nagaraj, 29.But when the new set of jewellery started fading, she decided to cook up a kidnap story. She left home on Saturday and went to Vellore with her lover, but told her husband that three unidentified people kidnapped her and snatched her jewellery, police said. \"Claiming health problems, Nivedha left for her parents' house in Mylapore on Saturday. But when Nagaraj found that she had not reached Mylapore, he filed a complaint,\" a police officer said.She called her husband on Monday evening and told him that a group of women abducted her on her way home and that she lost her entire jewellery. When questioned on her return, she broke down and narrated the story. \"She was in love with Vetri. As he was in need of money, she decided to pledge her jewels,\" the officer said. Police officers let her go after a warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672940", "title": "Negligence: 2 women constables suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two women constables attached with crime call taking unit of the police control room were suspended on Tuesday, for being negligent in performing their duties. The cops were identified as constables Reena and Usha Devi.The two policewomen were responsible for attending to emergency calls and immediately passing on information to the officials concerned.Police said an emergency call was made by the in-charge of a police post, Sector 26, to the PCR on December 16 but instead of attending to the call properly, constables Reena and Usha, started blaming a woman sub- inspector for not talking properly.The call was in connection with passing an emergency message about an incident to senior police officials.On December 16, two sub-inspectors Baljinder Singh and Hans Raj were sent to the police lines, Sector 26, for performing their duties negligently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17671581", "title": "Robbers abduct student, flee with car", "text": "GURGAON: Two youths took a 12th standard student hostage at gunpoint and fled with the car he was sitting in. The suspects then gagged the student and threw him out of the vehicle near Ramgarh village on Monday. Police have lodged an FIR and are investigating.According to police, the incident took place behind the Omax mall on Sohna Road at 7.20 pm when Manoj Kumar, a student of Class XII and a resident of Fazilpur village, was sitting in the Hyundai i-20 in an empty space behind the mall. The suspects went up to him and threatened him with a gun. Kumar, in his statement, said the two suspects came up to him and asked him to lower the window. As soon as he rolled down the window, one of the suspects pointed a gun at him while the other opened the door and forcibly gained entry into the car. They then tied Kumar with a rope. While one of them continued to point the gun at Kumar from the backseat, the other started the car and drove away in full speed, the police said.After an hour or so, the car stopped by the roadside near Ramgarh village. Still bound, Kumar was forced by the accused to get down from the car and they drove away.Later, accompanied by family members, Kumar visited the Sadar police station and lodged the complaint. \"We have filed an FIR against the unidentified carjackers under Section 392 of the IPC and Arms Act. We are conducting raids to recover the white four-wheeler with the registration number DL 2LT 0083, and are yet to find clues,\" said ASI Ashwini Kumar, who is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17672304", "title": "Wagon loading to be faster at Visakhapatnam Port Trust soon", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Visakhapatnam Port Trust (VPT) is all set to speed up its cargo handling with the rapid wagon loading system coming into operations in the next couple of months.The system, being set up as part of the Rs 440 crore General Cargo Berth (GCB) project that includes Rs 320 crore worth of mechanization works and another Rs 120 crore of civil works, will reduce loading time and cut the turnaround time for vessels. The port has taken up the multipurpose system- rapid wagon loading system- and the modernization of its over 200 km rail network within its premises at a cost of nearly Rs 100 crore, sources said.With this rapid wagon loading system, the transport wing authorities will now be able to load 56 wagons of a train in less than two hours and would completely eliminate the use of lorries to ferry coal reducing pollution by coal particles during transportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670982", "title": "Without FIR, police power, special investigation team\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s irrigation probe futile: Senior police officer", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may have announced a probe by a special investigation team into the alleged irrigation scam but so far, no FIR has been registered in the case. For the panel to start an investigation, the government would first have to ensure that an FIR was filed or the team would be able to do nothing but merely inquire into the allegations, said a senior police officer.Even legal experts said without an FIR, the SIT would not have any provision under which they could summon private players involved in the alleged scam. Echoing him, a police officer said \"law suggests the use of force in investigation to unearth the truth and trace the financial transaction\". \"It can be possible only after an FIR is registered...\" he said.Though BJP leader Kirit Somaiya had lodged separate complaints with the economic offence wing and the anti-corruption bureau and submitted related documents to them, the agencies are yet to convert the complaints into FIRs.Moreover, said another police officer, since this SIT would be headed by irrigation expert and former bureaucrat Dr Madhavrao Chitale, he would not have the power to investigate the case or make arrests as only serving policemen and government investigating agencies can do so. So, former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh added, the state would have to notify Chitale as a special police officer under the Bombay Police Act, authorizing him with the legal power to summon witnesses/suspects, inquire, investigate, freeze bank accounts and make arrests. Concurring with the officer, another senior cop said if the state-appointed SIT was not given the police power, it would be toothless, rendering it a \"special inquiry and not an investigation team\". Without the police power, the team could only submit its findings to the appointing authority, the officer said. Chitale would not have any power to act against any suspect unless the government bestowed the special power on him, he added.Singh said, \"Law says cases where private players are involved in corruption should be probed by a police agency. The government must first register an FIR in an alleged scam and also notify the panel head a special police officer, giving him the power to probe the case.\"Apparently upset with the SIT, Somaiya said, \"This is a cover-up. It's not an SIT but an inquiry team under an expert. If the state is interested in proper investigation, why does it not give its consent to the ACB and EOW to probe?\"The state has prepared a detailed affidavit on the steps it has taken in the alleged scam and will file it in the HC on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673057", "title": "'Agra to have international airport in 4-5 months'", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to give required fillip to tourism in Uttar Pradesh, Taj international airport project at Agra would be implemented in right earnest with the state government according top priority to this project as Taj Mahal is one of the most visited tourist spots in the world.Consortium of Rites Ltd and KPMG Advisory Services Pvt Ltd, the selected consultants for this project, made a detailed presentation to Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner(IIDC), Anil Kumar Gupta on the future course of action on Tuesday. Consultants were asked to identify the best suited site by the end of the current financial year. The project site would be selected in a way so as to enable prompt clearances and approvals for the implementation without any hindrances.To be developed through Public Private Partnership (PPP), in order to ensure time-bound execution of the project, the government has assured full cooperation at all levels of administration. \"No doubt, development of an international airport in the vicinity of Taj Mahal will enhance the tourist inflow, the new airport would also cater to needs of frequent fliers, entrepreneurs and exporters from the region,\" said Gupta.Stressing on the importance of an international airportin Agra, director general, tourism, Manoj Kumar said that the target is to increase the Taj Mahal bound tourist volume of 40 lakh to one crore during the next five years. He informed that 40% of foreign tourists come here to see Taj Mahal. Consultants have been asked to carry out necessary surveys for evaluating various site options and selecting the best site possible as well as to prepare a techno-economic feasibility report, master plan, the bid documents and concession agreements for selection of developer.It was informed that feasibility studies and surveys will involve site selection, traffic forecast, financial and revenue models, meteorological and topography data compilation, bearing on other airports, etc.\"If everything goes as per plan, Agra will have an international airport within 4 to 5 years\" said Manoj Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673293", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan wins battle of wills as Shiv Sena blinks first", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena's unconditional removal of the makeshift memorial from Shivaji Park is being viewed as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's biggest political triumph so far.When Sena leaders like former Lok Sabha Speaker Manohar Joshi, mayor Sunil Prabhu and Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut initially insisted on constructing the memorial at Shivaji Park, many believed the government was likely to succumb to the pressure. But Chavan proved his detractors wrong, particularly within the Congress, by ensuring the Sena itself removed the structure.In fact, his dealing of the situation is believed to have considerably boosted his image. \"It was tactful handling. Without creating a law and order problem, he showed that the rule of law prevails and political parties like the Shiv Sena can't hold the city to ransom,'' a former chief secretary said.It all began on November 18, when the Sena was granted special permission for Bal Thackeray's cremation at Shivaji Park. The BMC initially raised objections, arguing the Dadar cremation ground was just one km away from the park. But the government decided to grant permission to avoid any law and order problems.A day later, Chavan faced a volley of questions from the Centre on why a special case was made out. He opinted out that it wasn't the first time such permission was granted and state protocol extended, literateur P L Deshpande, musician Pandit Bhimsen Joshi and spiritual leader Sadguru Wamanrao Pai too were given state funerals.But the problems began when soon after the funeral, Joshi, Prabhu and Raut declared that a memorial to Bal Thackeray would be built on the Shivaji Park ground, at any cost. When the BMC sent notices for removal of the temporary structure, Prabhu asked it to first remove illegal structures elsewhere in the metropolis.Chavan however maintained that he wouldn't allow construction of a memorial at the park under any circumstances. When Prabhu and Desai met the CM along with their party colleague Milind Narvekar, Chavan refused to discuss anything without a specific commitment for removal of the structure. \"They came with a proposal, but we made it clear that there were to be no pre-conditions. First remove the temporary structure, give us a specific programme or else face the consequences,'' Chavan said.The firm warning worked. A day after the meeting, Raut wrote to the CM saying the temporary structure would be removed on December 17. \"It is a victory for Chavan,'' said a senior NCP minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671984", "title": "Xmas means Bow Barracks: Christmas enthusiasts", "text": "KOLKATA: It's that time of the year again when the sleepy rows of red-brick houses on Bow Street suddenly come alive with laughter and merriment. The air inside the dingy lanes is heady with the aroma of freshly baked cakes and homemade wines. Youngsters have started hanging the fairy lights that cascade down the striking red walls and children are decorating their homes with streamers and baubles.For Bow Barracks - home to a 100-odd Anglo-Indian families - it's not only time for their biggest festival of the year, but also for reunions and homecoming. For Stephanie Rozario, this Christmas is very very special. And that is apparent from the bottles of wine and cakes she has already stocked up on. \"My daughter lives in New Zealand and is coming home after seven years. This year is also special because my granddaughter is coming home for the first time. It's after a very long time that my family will celebrate Christmas together,\" she smiled.Fabian Banerjee, who works at a restaurant in Brisbane, has already come down to his Bow Street address to spend Christmas with his family. His friend and neighbour Xavier Nathanial, who works as a Deejay in Pattaya, is back home as well. As Fabian puts it: \"It doesn't feel like Christmas if you are not at Bow Barracks.\"Fabian had been away for three years and couldn't wait to get back for the festivities. \"The magic is missing in Australia. You go out and celebrate, but the warmth and belongingness you feel amidst these red bricks evoke a sense of nostalgia that is unmatched,\" he mused.At the Thomas household, celebrations have already started with the family coming down from Seychelles for Christmas. \"Suddenly, there is so much to do. I am just happy that my family is here with me to celebrate,\" beamed Mrs Thomas.\"Christmas abroad is very materialistic. It's only about expensive gifts and lavish buffets. There is merrymaking, but the very spirit of Christmas seems to be missing,\" said Stephanie's daughter, Donna. After seven long years, she is back home to spend time with her mother and grandmother.There are many like Fabian and Xavier among the current crop of Anglo-Indians from Kolkata who have moved out of the city in search of better work, pay and life. They may have moved to the UK, the US and West Asia, but when it's Christmas, it got to be Bow Barracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671935", "title": "Problems in hills aspirational: CPM", "text": "KOLKATA: Communists in India are facing the question on how to subsume the issues of racial and ethnic identity in the broader issue of class struggle. The failure to tackle the identity issue could threaten the unity of the country, warned senior CPM leaders Ashok Bhattachrya and Surjya Kanta Mishra in Kolkata on Tuesday.The occasion was the publication of a book on Gorkhaland movement authored by Bhattacharya, titled Gorkhaland Andolan-O-Parichiti Sattar Prashna (Gorkhaland movement and the question of identity). \"In India, which is a land of diversity, it is not possible to ignore the question of identity. But the preservation of identity is not separation from India,\" Bhattacharya pointed out. \"For Communists, the important question is how to link the issues of language and identity with class struggle.\"Though Nepalis in Darjeeling were demanding a separate state of Gorkhaland as a guarantee to the protection of their identity, Bhattacharya said the Gorkha identity of the people in the hills had been threatened in no way. \"The Nepali language is a developed one and constitutionally recognized. Bengalis from the plains are a small minority in the hills and in no way have they tried to impose their identity and culture on the Nepalis. In this, the problem of Darjeeling is different from that in some parts of the northeast where there are communities that are marginalized in their homeland.\" He gave the instance of Tripura.Bhattacharya thought the real issue in Darjeeling was one of \"aspirational aspects.\" With the creation of smaller states, aspirations among Gorkhas had grown. The Gorkhaland movement in the 1980's had been launched at a time when some new states were being created in the northeast. The one in 2007 launched by the GJM coincided with talks of creating a separate state of Telengana. According to him, the answer to the Darjeeling problem lay in giving the maximum possible autonomy to the hill people.Surjya Kanta Mishra, who released the book, said there was an attempt to lessen the importance of economic equality by raising the issue of racial identity. \"It is our experience that common people are not always burdened by the question of racial identity. They are made aware of these issues by elements from outside.\"He thought the creation of smaller states was no answer to racial aspirations as such states created in the past had, with a few exceptions, had failed to solve problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672860", "title": "21-year-old college girl dies of heroin overdose", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a first of its kind incident in Chandigarh, a 21-year-old BA second year student of a prominent government girls' college died on Tuesday in what a police report indicated was a suspected drug overdose.According to police, Radhika Sharma from Ambala district in Haryana had sniffed heroin along with a few friends at a hotel room in Sector 22 here and when she started showing symptoms of drug overdose her friends took her to PGI where she died. Sector 17 police have registered a case under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 328 (causing hurt by giving drugs) and 34 (conspiracy) of the IPC and arrested two drug suppliers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gagandeep of Mauli Jagran, Manimajra, and his brother-in-law Saurabh of Amritsar. Radhika's friend, Shayana alias Sweeti, 21, was also detained and police were probing her role in the case. Police claimed Sweeti from Batala in Punjab had introduced Radhika to the drug peddlers on Monday night.Radhika was staying as a paying guest at a house in Sector 15 here. Sweeti, an upcoming actor and model, is also living in a paying guest accommodation at Sector 19 in Chandigarh.DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said, \"Radhika was introduced to Gagandeep and Saurabh by Sweeti and all of them met near Aroma light point at Sector 22 around 8pm on Monday. The group checked into a prominent hotel in Sector 22 and sniffed heroin. Sweeti left the place immediately. After some time, Radhika fell ill.\" Police said Radhika apparently had sniffed the drug for the first time and her condition became critical. As Radhika's condition worsened, Gagandeep called Sweeti to the room for taking the unconscious girl to a nearby hospital around midnight.She was first rushed to a private clinic in Sector 22 and the doctor advised them to take her to Government Multi-Speciality Hospital at Sector 16. GMSH doctors referred her to PGI, where she died during treatment on Tuesday. The PGI doctors informed the police about the incident. During investigation, the cops recovered heroin from Gagandeep, Saurabh and the hotel room. Police have also conducted a search at Radhika's PG accommodation. Radhika's father is a lab technician in Ambala and her mother is a housewife. Her two brothers are school students. After an autopsy, the body was handed over to the family on Tuesday. The PGI doctors will give the preliminary postmortem report to the police on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671495", "title": "Manila hails Navy chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s stand on South China Sea", "text": "NEW DELHI: Navy chief, Admiral D K Joshi's recent comment on the South China Sea may not have warmed hearts in China, or in the South Block, but they have bolstered India's standing among Asean countries.Welcoming the underlying sentiment as part of India's Look East policy, vice-president of the Philippines, Jejomar Cabauatan Binay, told TOI in an exclusive conversation, \"In the present day, these issues are no longer of parochial interest. Freedom of navigation and lawful commerce are universal interests. The statement of the Admiral is a confirmation that it is a problem that India cannot turn its back to.\"Last week, Admiral Joshi had responded to journalists' questions on the Navy's preparedness, saying, \"Are we preparing for it? Are we having exercises of that nature? The short answer is \"Yes. We, of course, will need government clearance. Should a requirement come, I am sure we will have that clearance,'' he said. The comment came even as National Security Advisor (NSA) Shivshankar Menon was in Beijing working on a border agreement with his counterpart Dai Bingguo. The ministry of external affairs (MEA) was livid and the blame was swiftly passed on to an \"irresponsible\" media after the comment reverberated in various parts of the world.The Philippines, of course, is in a unique position and in direct line of fire. The sea that China describes as South China Sea is known locally as West Philippines Sea \u00e2\u20ac\u201d China and the Philippines have faced off over the Scarborough Shoal earlier this year, sparking fears of a larger regional conflict. Although the Philippines has activated a mutual defence pact with the US, Manila's response to India, said analysts, could be a sign that the region was looking for a credible balancing power.Recently, the Philippines \"sought clarification from Beijing\" after a news report suggested that from January, 2013, local police would engage in \"search and seizure\" of ships within China's claim line.\"But we haven't received any confirmation. Other countries too have sought a clarification,\" Binay said.Making a big pitch for increased Indian investment in the Philippines, the vice-president said, \"We look forward to Indian investment, tourism and culture. We also welcome Indian pharmaceuticals into Philippines, because India is very advanced in this sector. But more than that, we want to have a deeper political and security relationship with India.\"However, the Philippines is also clear that the recent troubles are not the defining point of their bilateral relationship with China. Like India, the Philippines has a very deep and intricate relationship with China. Binay said, \"The relationship is multifaceted. After all they are our neighbours. There has been continuous dialogue at the foreign ministry level. President Aquino met President Hu Jintao and they agreed this cannot be the sum total of relations between China and the Philippines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672620", "title": "Silk gets tech sheen", "text": "BANGALORE: The cocoon is getting creative, it seems, and much in style at that. From a youthful glowing complexion, to relief from skin irritations, there could well be a silky solution to many of your woes. Known for its medicinal benefits, silk has long been used as a skin care product abroad, especially in China. At the research labs of Central Silk Technological Research Institute, efforts are on to introduce silk masks for Indian consumers.This is in collaboration with a global beauty product major, and its regular usage is said to give a youthful and glowing complexion, relief to skin irritations and is used even as an anti-allergy medication.The works of the laboratories engaged in research and developmental activities related to silk technology doesn't stop at this though.Scientists are also looking at value-addition features to the existing silk fabrics. Soon these in the country will come with features like flame retardant technology, stain guard finish, aroma finish, and grafting technology.True to its name, the flame retardant technology will block oxygen from the material thus preventing fire - just in case it catches one if the silk product catches fire from spreading. The stain guard finish feature will leave no stains from food items on the fabric. Likewise, aroma finish will emit a distinct flavoured smell from the garment. The aroma will intensify with body's temperature, as one dons the garment. Going by the new technology, silk items could be used and washed regularly, even with normal detergents and soaps, without causing any harm to the fabric.\"Our aim is to improve comfort level of using silk fabric,\" said Arindam Basu, director, Central Silk Technological Research Institute of the Central Silk Board. , which comes under the Ministry of textiles.Scientists at the institute also work on developing technologies that are shared with silk weavers across the country. The idea is to increase production quality and provide weavers, who often rely on age-old craft, with new technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17672846", "title": "Concern over low enrollment in higher education sector in Odisha", "text": "CUTTACK: Higher education minister Badri Narayan Patra on Tuesday expressed grave concern over the low gross enrolment ratio (GER) in higher education sector in the state.Speaking at an open-house discussion on the issue of higher education in Odisha, organized by Ravenshaw University in collaboration with Orissa Society of the Americas, which is dedicated to pursuit of excellence in promotion and propagation of Oriya culture in Americas, Patra said the GER in 18 districts is much below the national average of 12.4%. Private sector can play an important role in pushing up the per cent by creating knowledge networks and innovation centres, he added.GER or gross enrolment index (GEI) is a statistical measure used in the education sector and by the UN in its education index to determine the number of students enrolled in school at several different grade levels (like elementary, middle school and high school), and examine it to analyze the ratio of number of students who live in that country to those who qualify for the particular grade level.Elaborating, Patra said districts like Gajapati, Rayagada, Malkangiri and Nuapada have a meagre GER of 7%, 6.7%, 3.9%, 3.5 % respectively. However, he claimed that efforts are being taken to increase student enrolment by opening more colleges and universities in the state.\"Due to resource constraints it is difficult to meet the need of expanding higher education entirely through the public sector, hence private investments in higher education is the need of the hour,\" said Patra.He also appealed to non-resident Odias (NROs) to come forward and set up good educational institutes in the state.Principal secretary, higher education, Gagan Dhal informed about the vision document formulated by the government for development of higher education sector. Dhal said the state government has plans to open at least one autonomous college in each district.Similarly, the state has plans to develop twin cities of Cuttack and Bhubaneswar as the educational hub of the state as many world class universities will come up there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672584", "title": "Veteran theatreperson AS Murthy passes away", "text": "BANGALORE: Akashvani Eranna, who used to bring loads of news in the form of casual conversation through the radio during the 1970s, is no more.AS Murthy, 84, was behind the scenes of theatre in Karnataka, breathed his last here on Tuesday at 8.30am at his Hanumanthnagar residence in South Bangalore.He was a multi-faceted person with deep interest in journalism , cinema, street plays and literature.He was a prolific speaker in Akashvani during the 1970s and through the character of Eranna, would speak on various social issues through his radio show. He was suffering from geriatric illness over the past couple of years.He had also started Sunday theatre classes to encourage and guide young artists in theatrical performances. Abhianava Ranga tharanga was his theatre group that performed series of street plays to bring awareness on prevention of AIDS, cancer , smoking and other social evils.ASM Kala Thanda is an active theatre club formed by his students in 2011 as a tribute to him.Murthy leaves behind thousands of fans and family members, many of whom are artists, including musician MD Pallavi, his granddaughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "khandwa", "code": "17672025", "title": "2 bogus doctors sentenced in Khandwa", "text": "KHANDWA: Two bogus doctors who practised at village Khutla in Khandwa district were on Tuesday awarded one year's imprisonment and a fine of Rs 3,000 each by the chief judicial magistrate Rajendra Kumar Dashora.The punishment was awarded under section 419 of Indian Penal Code (cheating by personation) and Madhya Pradesh Medical Science Council Act.As per the prosecution, Ajay Kumar Biswas and Arvind Viraj, residents of Jalal Ali in West Bengal, posed as MBBS doctors and treated patients. When a health department team confronted them in 2003, they could not produce any degree certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17670957", "title": "Catholic Ireland to legalize abortion", "text": "LONDON: Protests over the horrible death of a Karnataka-born dentist from pregnancy-related complications has forced deeply-Catholic Ireland to tweak its no-abortion policy to allow for termination of pregnancy in cases where the mother's life was in danger.The Irish government said on Tuesday it would bring legislation to allow abortions in hospitals when doctors determine that a mother's life is at risk. The move comes seven weeks after the death of 31-year-old Savita Halappanavar, who was refused a termination of her pregnancy in a Galway hospital. She was 17 weeks pregnant and doctors refused her pleas for an abortion. She was suffering a miscarriage and died of septicaemia three days after requesting a termination.Halappanavar's husband alleged Savita was doctors could do nothing because \"Ireland was a Catholic country\".Abortion is banned in Ireland as per a papal diktat. Dublin's decision is, therefore, likely to be controversial and will in all probability confront strong opposition from conservative Catholics. Abortion has historically split Ireland, which fought for and won freedom from predominantly non-Catholic Britain. It has held five referendums on the matters since 1983. It is one of two European Union countries - the other being Malta - where women cannot have an abortion even when their lives are in danger.However, Ireland's cabinet made the announcement after intense public pressure from secular elements following Halappanavar losing her life. The government intends to bring clarity so as to remove the prevailing legal ambiguity over exactly when doctors can perform an abortion if a woman's life is at risk. The bill will be drafted in the New Year and debated by the Irish parliament's health committee before it is voted upon in the house - known as the Dail.Ireland's health minister said he was \"conscious\" of sensitivities. \"I know that most people have personal views on this matter. However, the government is committed to ensuring that the safety of pregnant women in Ireland is maintained and strengthened,\" said James Reilly . \"For that purpose, we will clarify in legislation and regulation what is available by way of treatment to a woman when a pregnancy gives rise to a threat to a woman's life.\"Times ViewThe Irish cabinet's decision to repeal legislation banning abortion and to introduce regulations that allow for abortions when the mother's life is threatened should be welcomed even if it can be argued that it does not go far enough in allowing women reproductive freedom. Had this been done earlier, Savita Halappanavar would probably not have lost her life. For those who would still argue that a ban on abortion is pro-life, we can only point out that Savita's case should make it abundantly clear that it can often end up taking lives that could otherwise have been saved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17672213", "title": "Locals oppose new bridge on Hindon", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Huge protests were witnessed at the site of the new Hindon bridge near Raj Nagar Extension in Ghaziabad on Tuesday after river water entered houses in nearby areas. Locals and activists jammed the pontoon bridge on the river opened as a temporary route for vehicles to pass through as areas of nearby villages were flooded by water overflowing the banks.Locals have been opposing construction work for over a year now fearing dumping of debris and construction material into the river at a point where it meanders would change the direction of its flow. The protests on Tuesday came after river water entered homes in nearby areas, flooding nearly 200 hectares.On Tuesday, social activist and Magsaysay Award-winner Rajendra Singh visited nearby villages including Karehra which is adjacent to the bridge on the side of Hindon IAF base. A demonstration was staged at the site till late in the evening by activists and locals.Speaking to TOI, Singh said that local authorities have gone ahead with construction work at the site in an adamant manner ignoring the demands of locals. \"It seems government officials are in collusion with land grabbers who have encroached upon massive tracts of floodplains. The site has been chosen so as to protect the interests of encroachers,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672117", "title": "Krishna project hits another roadblock", "text": "HYDERABAD: Krishna water supply drinking project phase-III has hit another bottleneck with three ministers in the Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet raising a red flag over the tender process and finalisation of successful bidders.Reliable sources said one of the ministers has even lodged a complaint with governor ESL Narasimhan, while another minister wrote a letter to the finance department raising queries on finalising bids. Another city-based minister has directly sent a letter to the chief minister's office (CMO) questioning the procedure adopted by the Hyderabad Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) in finalising the bids.Despite the bottlenecks, the government has finalised bids to take up the Rs 1,670-crore drinking water project, which aims to bring 90 million gallons per day (MGD) of additional quantity of water to Greater Hyderabad.As per the procedure, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has to send minutes of the tender selection committee to MA&UD; minister Maheedhar Reddy for the green signal to sign memoranda of understanding with the successful bidders.\"We sent minutes to the MA&UD; minister for final approval two days ago. We are expecting the necessary clearance within a day or two. By December-end, the government will sign MoU with the bidders,\" MA&UD; principal secretary B Sam Bob said. Regarding ground works, the official stated they were yet to get information on when chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy would lay foundation stone for the drinking water project.Meanwhile, the HMWS&SB; has extended the deadline to file tenders for Package-V up to December 24 as no firm had filed tenders till the last date of December 17, a senior HMWS&SB; projects official said. Under Package-V, the Water Board has floated tenders for construction of a water treatment plant (WTP) with 410 million litres per day (MLD) capacity for the proposed drinking water project, he said.Despite the bottlenecks, the government has finalised bids to take up the Rs 1,670-crore drinking water project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672662", "title": "HC go-ahead for defamation case against Vijayakanth", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has refused to quash a defamation case against DMDK chief Vijayakanth, saying there is prima facie case to proceed against the actor-politician. The case filed by the state government said Vijayakanth made defamatory remarks against chief minister J Jayalalithaa at a public meeting in Theni on August 2 this year.The government issued an order sanctioning the prosecution of Vijayakanth, leader of the opposition in the state assembly, on November 22, saying his speech harmed the chief minister's reputation and discharge of her public functions. Vijayakanth approached the HC seeking quashing of the case, saying his criticism of the government was in his capacity as the leader of the opposition and that it was made with good intention, good faith and for the public good. Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, dismissing Vijayakanth's petition, said: \"A perusal of the statement cited in the government order as well as in the complaint shows that there is prima facie material to proceed against him for defamation. Whether he uttered the words and whether the word tarnishes the image of the chief minister of Tamil Nadu, and whether there is any ill-motive, are to be established before the criminal court which is now seized of the matter.\" Dismissing the petition, the judge said no case had been made out to interfere with the government order sanctioning his prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "anakapalle", "code": "17672354", "title": "Jagan doesn't deserve any sympathy, says CM", "text": "ANAKAPALLE: After ardently wooing women on day one of his three-day tour of the district as part of Indiramma Bata programme, the second day saw chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy finally bring his claws out. In a major departure from his normally reticent self, on Tuesday the CM took on YSRCP chief Jaganmohan Reddy head on by calling him corrupt.\"Jaganmohan Reddy is in jail on corruption charges, he is no freedom fighter,\" the CM said at a public meeting in Anakapalle urging the people to show no pity towards Jagan as he was capable of ruining the state with his corrupt practices.Referring to the newspaper run by the YSRCP chief, Kiran Kumar pointed out, \"The Congress party needed a newspaper that would highlight at least 10% of the good work that it does and with that intention the paper was launched by former CM YS Rajasekhara Reddy. But unfortunately it has become the mouthpiece of YSRCP and an anti-government propaganda tool.\"Mincing no words, a fairly aggressive CM also issued a stern warning to his party workers as well as MPs and MLAs, against taking up any anti-party activities. \"The party will not tolerate any form of agitation or negative work against the party and it includes the elected ones,\" he said. He was indirectly hinting at the dissident factor that is plaguing the party right now and the non-coordination and non-cooperation between the party workers in the district.Wooing the SC/STs, he said the allocation for them in the sub-plan has been the highest so far by any government. The allocation is 22.8% which amounts to about Rs 3,500-4,000 crore.The CM also took the opportunity to blow his own trumpet. He said that when he took over the reigns of chief ministership the state had over Rs 8,000 crore pending in the form of reimbursements under various schemes which he had cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17672053", "title": "Camp for correction in property tax bill on Dec 26", "text": "INDORE: After successful one-day camp for collection of property tax, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is now going to organize one-day camp for the correction in property tax bills on December 26. Correction in name and addresses and transfer of property tax account will be carried out on the spot during the camp.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said during the one-day camp for collection of property tax held on December 15, many people came up with request for correction in property tax accounts. Following which, they decided to organize a special camp for the correction in property tax account. On this day, all the correction will be done on the spot. The secretary of IMC, Abhay Rajangawkar said during the camp for collection of property tax civic body managed to collect Rs 15 crore of property tax in a day.\"Many people who have not paid their tax for years also turned up to settle their dues,\" Rajangawkar said, adding that many people also came with complaint in their bills. Taking cognizance of the complaints and inconvenience to the people, now a special camp is being organized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672588", "title": "Teachers say CBSE's continuous evaluation system increases stress", "text": "BANGALORE: It was the second time that week that Kritika (name changed) came home late, while her 12-year-old daughter waited anxiously. \"You don't have time for me now. You have stopped smiling too,\" remarked the child, the moment Kritika stepped in. Feeling guilty, Kritika took her daughter out for an ice cream, but knew that this might be repeated any day soon.Thanks to CCE, Kritika's work schedule has gone haywire. Working at a reputed city school and teaching French to senior classes, Kritika's day begins at 8am and many a time, gets over only by 5pm. \"There is no doubt that the system is child-centric, but it is a lot of clerical work for us,\" says Kritika, who has started working till late night to balance her family and work.Kritika is just one of the thousands of CBSE teachers in the city.Assessment on a regular basis under the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) has increased the teachers' workload. It's been three years since the scheme has been introduced, but teachers still seem to be grappling with the process. While some find the task cumbersome, others say they are burnt out.Says Mansoor Ali Khan, board member of Delhi Public School: \"The amount of work for teachers has definitely gone up by 25% to 30%. Each child has to be evaluated on 60 parameters. When CCE was introduced, it was a Herculean task as everything had to be done manually. Although the process has become less cumbersome, the workload has increased.\"However, there are some who have taken it in their stride. \"There is definitely more work for teachers now, but CBSE has given us a free hand. Teachers are free to choose projects and it is the school's responsibility to make it attractive for kids,\" says Lata Mathew, principal, Dev Mata Central School.According to Rama Ranganathan, principal, National Hill View Public School: \"CCE gives a holistic pattern for judging a child. It also helps teachers improve their work. In our school, it was implemented till class VIII. Now, it has been extended till class X.\"WHAT IS CCE?* CBSE introduced the scheme in its affiliated schools in 2009 to assess students on a continuous basis in a cyclical manner*Involves activities like collaborating project and research work in groups and balancing scholastic and co- scholastic areas like life skills and values* Gives a platform for schools' continuous interaction with parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672872", "title": "Top posts lie vacant in rural police", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad (rural) police is facing a staff crunch. Three of the six posts of sub-divisional police officers (SDPOs), apart from the post of additional SP have been vacant for six months. There are fears that these posts if left vacant for long, may take a toll on the law and order situation.Aurangabad police (rural) is divided into six divisions at Kannad, Paithan, Sillod, Vaijapur, Gangapur and Rural division. The top posts at Kannad and rural divisions have been lying vacant for almost six months, while the Gangapur division SDPO has been transferred to Nashik but has not been relieved of his duty due to lack of SDPOs in Aurangabad district.A senior police official of Aurangabad rural police said, \"We are facing a severe crunch of senior officials. So much so that superintendent of police Ishu Sindhu could not avail of leave even for a single day, since the time he took charge of Aurangabad (rural) police.\"Lack of SDPOs in three of the six police divisions in the district will take a toll on the basic functioning of the police department, as every SDPO who is normally in charge of three to four police stations, now is handling around eight police stations, which is double the designated load, added a senior cop.Another said, \"Apart from the lack of SDPOs in the district there is no additional superintendent of police for almost six months, who usually coordinates between the SP and the SDPOs and also supervises the working of the SDPOs. In his absence, the situation has come down to the extent that the SP himself has to work at the micro level and coordinate directly at the division and police station level. This will sooner or later take a toll on the day-to-day supervision across the district and will also affect the basic functioning of the police department.\"The denial of leaves to police officials for months will not only take a toll on the health of the officials but will also affect their efficiency. Operations carried out in the absence of senior and efficient officials comprises the quality of the operations and fail to prove result oriented, he added.Superintendent of Police Ishu Sindhu said, \"It is always good to have officers for important posts across police divisions, so that there is smooth and efficient working of the force. In the present scenario, we can say that we are working to the best of our abilities with whatever force and manpower is available with us.\"Lack of SDPOs in the divisions is taking a toll on the detection rate in the district and the case files are piling up at various police stations across the district. Due to lack of police officials, sources said, the continuous combing operations and raids at illegal businesses across the district have been brought down.Aurangabad police (rural) is divided into six divisions of Kannad, Paithan, Sillod, Vaijapur, Gangapur and Rural division. The top posts at Kannad and rural divisions have been lying vacant for almost six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672881", "title": "Case for chemical castration?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Castration as an alternate punishment for rape accused has been a topic of debate for long with some courts advocating it. While the idea has found resonance in some recent judgments of trial courts, it had found a supporter in former judge of the Supreme Court, Justice V R Krishna Iyer, way back in 1979. In one of his judgements dealing with a different question over three decades ago, he had stated: \"An anti-aphrodisiac treatment or willing castration is a better recipe for this hypersexed human than outright death.\"Castration could be chemical or surgical. The latter involves removal of reproductive organs whereas the former involves administration of a drug to reduce a person's libido.Castration as a form of punishment is, indeed, a reality in quite a few countries that view it either as an easier alternative to harsher punishments like life imprisonment or death penalty. Many countries like the US, UK, Germany and Israel have experimented with surgical and chemical castration of rapists and molesters, particularly serial offenders and pedophiles. Some American states that have tried out chemical castration as punishment include California , Florida , Georgia , Iowa , Louisiana, Montana , Oregon , Texas and Wisconsin . Last year, a 78-year-old prisoner in Louisiana was surgically castrated as part of a plea deal in a child molestation case.When a Delhi district court recently suggested chemical castration of serial rapists and child abusers as an alternative to a jail term, the idea was met with guarded reactions from women's rights activists. Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau had said, \"The Indian legislatures are yet to... address the issue (of rape) with all seriousness by exploring the possibility of permitting imposition of alternative sentences of surgical or chemical castration, particularly in cases involving rape of minors, serial offenders and child molesters or as a condition for probation, or as an alternative sentence in case of plea bargaining.\"The court's comments had triggered a debate and many had said that the proposal had a Talibanesque twist and could not find a place in Indian democracy. However , with the alarming increase in the number of rapes in the capital, is the use of this alternative becoming compelling?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672895", "title": "Online evaluation gets thumbs up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come 2013, the answer sheets of Class X examinees would be evaluated onscreen.Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE), in a recent decision, has decided to go digital from 2013 for the evaluation of test papers of Class X students and from 2014 for Class XII students. The move has been made to minimize errors and ensure an error-free evaluation system.The news has been greeted cheerfully by teacher and students, alike. \"The digitized marking of answer sheets would ensure transparency in evaluation. It will also help students know and understand their mistakes better to improve for next exams,\" said Rakesh Sachdeva, principal of DAV Senior Secondary School in Sector 15.In 2013 around three lakh students are expected to appear for Board exams. After digital evaluation of the answer sheets, the copies will be handed over to software providers with barcode stickers under supervision of Board secrecy officer. Following this the copies will be scanned and put onscreen for checking by the examiners, trained in software.Principals of St Anne's Convent School in Sector 32 and St Joseph School in Sector 44, also appreciated the idea of online marking system and said, \"We will surely favour the idea because this will not only ensure less errors but also take care of quality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670310", "title": "Delhi HC hands out derecognition threat to AIFF", "text": "NEW DELHI: After archery, boxing and athletics, it is Indian football's turn to play ball in court. And this development comes just two days before the All India Football Federation (AIFF) elections where Union minister Praful Patel hopes to be re-elected as president.Acting on an application filed by lawyer-activist Rahul Mehra, the Delhi High Court has asked the AIFF to conduct the elections under the government's Sports Code.The application which was filed in connection with a PIL filed earlier, said that the elections scheduled on Dec 20 were being held in violation of the Code and pleaded that the polls should be stopped, Mehra said.This application came up for hearing on Tuesday before the division bench comprising Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw.The bench passed an interim order referring to previous orders passed on Mehra's applications pertaining to similar matters concerning sports bodies like athletics, archery and Indian Olympic Association.The bench directed the sports ministry to immediately look into all allegations and derecognize AIFF in case it was found to have violated the Sports Code while conducting its elections.The bench also issued a notice to the AIFF and sought its response by January 14, the next date of hearing.Mehra has alleged that AIFF's electoral process was flawed on the following grounds:A: AIFF's constitution has undemocratic restrictive clause which ought to be deleted; B: Electoral college has neither been formed nor declared/published contrary to the mandate of the Sports Code; C: Nomination and withdrawal forms do not conform to the model forms provided in the CodeMeanwhile, the AIFF on Tuesday said the elections would be held in accordance with the Sports Code.Earlier, the AIFF executive committee decided that a retired judge of the Delhi High Court would be appointed as returning officer to supervise the elections at the AGM which will be chaired by Patel. The executive committee also requested the Indian Olympic Association, FIFA and AFC to send observers for the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17671568", "title": "Doctor duped of Rs 10 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: A doctor, who is also the director of a city-based hospital, has been duped of Rs 10 lakh by a man who introduced himself as the general manager of the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL).According to the complaint filed by Ajay Sharma, director of Sheetla hospital, located on Railway Road here that he was cheated in a well planned way as Rajiv had contacted him with a lucrative offer to join the department's health panel. \"He had promised to revert with the requisite documents to be signed for finalization of the pact but he never came back. The numbers provided by him went unanswered and proved to be fake. We got suspicious and verified from BSNL and found out that they had made no such offer and he was not their employee,\" a hospital official said.\"The impostor called Dr. Sharma offering to include his hospital on the panel of institutes chosen by the department for reimbursed health services of Class IV employees. He even met hospital authorities on four occasions and ensured that all looked well in place. It was after a few rounds of discussion that he managed to get the complainant shell out Rs 10,10, 940 to be paid for the offer,\" said a senior police officer.The unsuspecting hospital authorities waited for some time for him to revert but with his sudden disappearance they got suspicious. At last the hospital authorities lodged a complaint with police and the police officers assigned the inquiry to the economic offences wing (EOW). After the preliminary investigations, the EOW recommended registration of a case.\"We have lodged an FIR. The accused will be arrested as early as possible,\" said Rajendra Singh, SHO, City police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673321", "title": "Bakeries doing brisk biz before X'mas", "text": "RANCHI: Home-made cakes have always been an integral part of Christmas celebrations. But with time, the aroma of dry fruits soaked in rum is vanishing as more people throng city bakeries for the best cake.Christian families are scouting the markets for decorative items and cloths for X'mas but none looks keen on picking up necessary items for baking cakes at home. Instead, they are putting all efforts in searching for shops selling customized cakes.One reason is lack of time as preparing a cake requires time and attention. \"Making a cake at home is passe in most families. Everyone has a busy life... The best option is to buy a cake from the market,\"said Amar Kumar Biruly, a top executive in a private company. He further said one would get many options on readymade cakes.Additional director general of police Rezi Dung Dung too admitted that today's hectic lifestyle, among other things, is responsible for the bitter faith of home-made cakes.Bakers are also ready to reap the best this season and have started taking orders a month before Christmas. Rakesh, manager at Moriesh Bakes, said, \"Keeping in mind the huge demand for authentic cakes, preparation begins a month in advance.\"Rum and raisins cakes are Moriesh's speciality and they start preparation a month before the celebration. \"We usually dip cashew nuts and resins in rum a month before Christmas to give the best to our customers. This is the reason why our outlet sells maximum cakes,\" said Rakesh.However, young generation is looking for more variety. \"Traditional rum cake has always remained high on demand list but for young people things are changing. Now, buyers expect innovation even in the food industry,\" said Kapil Kapoor, owner of Baker's Boy.To meet the demand, Baker's Boy has come up with 11 varieties of cakes this Christmas season. Their green apple vodka cake and orange vodka cake are expected to be on high demand. \"These two varieties are from our special recipe for this year's Christmas,\" said Kapoor.Keeping in mind demand for sugar-free cakes for diabetic patients, Baker's Boy have made a special cake this time. \"We will be baking sugar-free fruit cakes, especially for diabetic patients so that they too can enjoy the festivity,\" said Kapoor. Bharat Bakery and Cakes 'n' Bakes have also started preparations for special rum cakes. \"We have cakes of different sizes to cater to all sorts of customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17670860", "title": "Sourav Ganguly advocates split captaincy to reduce Dhoni's workload", "text": "KOLKATA: In a country of 1.22 billion people, the captain of the Indian cricket team arguably holds the second-most important job after the Prime Minister.With just about everyone having an opinion on all things cricket, it is tough for any captain to measure up to the expectations at the best of times. But when times are bad, the crown of thorns begins to bite.Ask Mahendra Singh Dhoni , who is feeling the heat after a humiliating home series loss to England.As the clamour for Dhoni's head gets louder, former India captain Sourav Ganguly called for a more rational approach to address the issue of leadership. \"In my opinion, there is too much workload on Dhoni and it is affecting his cricket.Apart from leading the side in all three formats of the game, he also shoulders the responsibility of keeping wickets and making runs. Keeping in mind his immense contribution to Indian cricket, the selectors need to find a way to manage Dhoni's workload.Otherwise, I am afraid that we may lose him as a batsman. India can ill-afford to do that,\" Sourav told TOI.Sourav has a point. Only nine wicketkeepers have captained their country in 10 or more Test matches with West Indies' Gerry Alexander (18 Tests) second only to Dhoni in this respect.Since his international debut in 2004-05, Dhoni has led India in 43 Tests, 127 ODIs and 37 T20 Internationals.One of India's most successful captains in both formats of the game, Sourav reckons it is time to split the captaincy to reduce the pressure on Dhoni.\"It is tough on Dhoni with so much cricket being played these days, including a taxing IPL in the middle of the year,\" observed Sourav.\"After the ODI series against Pakistan , the selectors should consult Dhoni on his preferred format and give him the job, handing over the other half to someone else,\" he opined.Will split captaincy work in the Indian context? \"I think we will benefit from it and this is the right time,\" Sourav contended. Asked whether Dhoni would merit a place in the Test side on his batting alone, Sourav said, \"Of course, he does.He is too good a batsman as he showed us in the Nagpur Test. His knock of 99 was worth more than a hundred. It is the best I have seen him play in Test matches.\"Dhoni himself had hinted during India's disastrous tour of Australia earlier this year that he would a take a call on which format to give up if he is to lead India in the 2015 World Cup.Sourav has always backed Dhoni's credentials in the shorter formats of the game. \"He is a fantastic One-day player. One of the very best, as his record shows.As new faces break into the XI, Dhoni's experience will be vital in terms of guiding the youngsters,\" Sourav added.Time for multiple leaders?As the debate rages on whether MS Dhoni should continue as the Indian captain across all formats, Nitin Naik takes a look at how teams have handled the issue...Australia: Were the first to experiment with split captaincy in 1997 when Mark Taylor was asked to hand over the reigns to Steve Waugh. Taylor's Test form improved and Australia won the World Cup in 1999. They did the same with Ricky Ponting (ODI skipper) and Steve Waugh (Test skipper). Currently, Michael Clarke is the ODI and Test captain and is batting like a dream. George Bailey is the T20 skipper.Bangladesh: Mushfiqur Rahim is the captain for all formats, like predecessors Shakib Al Hasan and Mohammad Ashraful .England: Experimented with split captaincy in 1997, with Adam Hollioake being given the ODI captaincy and Mike Atherton and Alec Stewart the Test captaincy. They had moderate success. After Nasser Hussain and Andrew Flintoff retired, England appointed Paul Collingwood as ODI and T20 skipper and Andrew Strauss as Test captain. England won the T20 World Cup in 2010. Right now, Alastair Cook is the Test and ODI skipper and Stuart Broad is the T20 captain.India: In 2007 Rahul Dravid resigned as Indian captain and MS Dhoni was made the T20 and ODI skipper. Anil Kumble was made Test captain. The move worked but since 2008, Dhoni is leading in all formats.New Zealand: Never experimented with split captaincy. A controversy erupted when Ross Taylor was asked to give up ODI and T20 captaincy to Brendon McCullum and stay on as Test captain, which he refused.Pakistan: During the 2009 World T20, Afridi was made T20 and ODI skipper. The tactic has worked for them. At the moment, Misbah-ul-Haq is the Test and ODI skipper while Mohd Hafeez is T20 skipper.South Africa: Graeme Smith led in all formats till the 2011 World Cup. After South Africa lost in the quarterfinals, Smith stepped down as limited-overs captain. The move has seen South Africa reach No. 1 in Tests with Smith enjoying a purple patch. AB de Villiers is the skipper in ODIs and T20s.Sri Lanka: Another team reluctant to experiment. Mahela Jayawardene was captain across all formats. However, after the World T20 final loss to West Indies in October, Jayawardene stepped down as T20 captain and passed the mantle to Angelo Matthews. Jayawardene is still ODI and Test captain.West Indies: Never believed in split captains. Chris Gayle was captain across formats. Currently, Darren Sammy is doing the job.Zimbabwe: Brendan Taylor is the captain in all three formats. Earlier, the captains were Hamilton Masakadza and Prosper Utseya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673240", "title": "Season's first Olive Ridley hatchlings crawl to the sea", "text": "PANAJI: The first hatchlings of Olive Ridley turtles from the first nest of the season at a secluded place on Mandrem beach crawled slowly to the sea on Monday night.Though the nest had 133 eggs, only 13 babies emerged and some more were expected to leave their nest on Tuesday late night.Goa governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo and his wife witnessed the hatching and watched them keenly on their maiden journey to the sea.Two more nests have been laid, including one at Morjim and another in South Goa. But turtle lovers expect more flippered visitors to arrive during the next few weeks.\"Sometimes, all babies do not hatch on the same night, as in this case, 13 babies emerged from the nest,\" a turtle lover said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17672898", "title": "New apple varieties for lower hills", "text": "SHIMLA: With Rs 2,500 crore apple economy of Himachal Pradesh facing threat of global warming that has resulted in rise in temperature and shifting of snowline to high altitude areas, state government has now stepped up efforts to save the apple economy. Concerned over decreasing chilling hours affecting the production, now low chilling varieties have been imported from France that are suitable even to lower areas where traditionally apple is not grown.In the first phase, state horticulture department has decided to plant 10,000 apple plants of Anna and Dorset Golden varieties in the selected farms to study its result. These varieties being introduced required very less chilling hours compared to traditional varieties presently grown that required chilling hours between 800 to 1500 hours, new varieties could be grown in lower areas like Bilaspur, Solan, Sirmaur, Hamirpur and Kangra. Currently apple is grown in the districts of Shimla, Kinnaur, Lahaul-Spiti, Kullu, some parts of Mandi, Chamba district.According to state horticulture director Gurdev Singh, low chilling varieties would change the economy of lower areas that was deprived of apple revolution so far. \"Traditional varieties were not suitable for warm areas, but Anna and Dorcet are suitable for warm areas. We are going to distribute the new variety plants among farmers of lower Himachal once we get positive field results,\" he said.Project Director I D Gupta said 10,000 plants imported from France in February have been kept under observation for a year to check if plants carry any disease. \"After a year, these plants would be distributed among different districts to see the actual results,\" he said.Gupta said over the years, it has been witnessed that apple plantation has shifted to higher areas that necessitated the need of introducing new varieties. \"In traditional apple belt of Kullu and Shimla plantation has shifted with rise in temperature. New varieties would help in continuing with cultivation in warm areas too,\" he said.According to officials, some farmers have already managed to grow traditional varieties of apple in warm areas of Bilaspur, Mandi and Sirmaur districts, but the taste of apple grown here fails to match the quality of those grown in cold areas. Now, these farmers can hope for commercial cultivation of apple with the introduction of Anna and Dorset varieties.Officials said farmers from lower areas of Himachal Pradesh since long were demanding introduction of low chilling varieties suitable for their areas which finally has been done. Two decades ago, the government had introduced spur variety in the state to reduce the impact of global warming as it was also a low chilling variety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671084", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Main accused went berserk after victim bit him", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ram Singh, 33, the prime accused in Sunday's gang rape, is a volatile man, known among friends as \"Mental,\" a police source said on Tuesday. During investigation, he is learnt to have told police how he lost control and ended up brutalizing the woman and assaulting her friend.\"When she resisted and bit his hand, he says, he got very angry. Alcohol and the victims' defiance, made him go berserk. He picked up a rod and hit the two everywhere. His accomplices followed suit,\" a source said.Ram Singh reportedly started picking up fights at the slightest pretext after the death of his wife two years ago. There's an accident case registered against him and he has admitted to being involved in several other brawls. He had also run away with a girl in his neighbourhood, sources said.A police officer said the investigating team led by Inspector Anil Sharma had found Ram Singh a cold and remorseless man. \"Initially, he denied everything. But when he began to open up, he chose to divulge each detail, with no repentance. Such brutality does not affect him. He tried to destroy evidence by washing the bus with confidence and told his accomplices to not worry, and lie low for some time. He stayed calm when he went and parked the bus in RK Puram, and then took it back to the owner in Noida. The confidence he shows is not of a novice definitely,\" the officer said.It seems that even as the gang was brutalizing the woman by turns, Ram Singh had made a plan to cover their tracks. Sources say Ram Singh decided to strip the victims completely before throwing them out of the bus to leave no trace of incriminating semen or blood. He also kept their mobiles and switched them off. Three mobiles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one belonging to the woman and two to her friend \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have now been recovered along with some of their clothes.Although police were able to arrest him with his employer's help, Ram Singh showed his shrewd side again by refusing to undergo the test identification parade on Tuesday.Police say Ram Singh dropped his accomplices near RK Puram after 10.30pm on Sunday and brought the bus back to Sector 3 in RK Puram. Although his brother Mukesh was initially driving the bus, Ram Singh asked the cleaner, Akshay, to drive it to the garage.In the morning, all the accused returned to work on his direction. Akshay and Ram Singh plied the bus on its route. Around 9am, when they realized their crime was all over the news, they took the bus to Rohilla Khurd near Sector 62, Noida and washed it thoroughly to remove bloodstains.But Ram Singh's plan went awry when the bus owner, Dinesh Yadav, called him to drive it back. \"Police had asked Yadav to ensure Ram Singh came back with the bus. He was tricked into coming to RK Puram, where we arrested him,'' said an investigating officer.According to police, the accused used to drive continuously through the day. He would pick up schoolchildren at 8am and drop them before picking office goers from the Malai Mandir area. He brought back students from the south Delhi school at 1pm.Sources also pointed out that had the school noticed and reported that the bus they had hired had tinted glasses and was driven by an illiterate person involved in an accident, Ram Singh could have been taken off the roads earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17672720", "title": "Paddy farmers a distressed lot", "text": "KORAPUT: Farmers in Koraput district are in a fix over ways to sell their bumper kharif harvest with the state government setting a procurement target of only 82,000 metric tonne. They fear distress sale as 288,366 metric tonne has been produced.\"We have had a good harvest this year. If the government stops procuring paddy after achieving the target of 82,000 metric tonne, then we will be forced to sell our produce at a price lower than the minimum support price of Rs 1,250 a quintal,\" said farmer of Ghatbagra village in Jeypore block Krushna Chandra Pradhan. \"Millers and middlemen will be the ultimate gainers then,\" he added.Fearing distress sale, farmers are rushing to the 31 mandis opened by the administration for procurement. \"Last year, the kharif procurement target was one lakh metric tonne despite the crop loss. But this season, the target has been decreased though we have had a bumper harvest. Steps should be taken to prevent distress sale,\" said president of Congress, district unit, Meenakshi Bahinipati.The administration has procured 40% paddy amounting to 38,000 metric tonne since opening of the mandi on December 5. Koraput district has 93,700 agricultural families, who cultivate 46,240 hectare of land. There might be a ray of hope for these farmers. \"Given that there has been good crop in the district, we are planning to write to the government to increase the present procurement target. But we can only do so after achieving the target at hand,\" said civil supplies officer (Koraput) Pitambar Acharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17671622", "title": "No takers for e-way toll smart card", "text": "GURGAON: Despite the tall claims made by Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) on popularization of touch-and-go smart cards, only two cards were sold from the sale point near Ambience Mall on Tuesday.The location of the sale point (a temporary canopy) is such that hardly any commuter can notice it. The canopy is installed on the Gurgaon side after the split toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway, but most of the time, it remains hidden under the vehicles parked on that stretch.Not only this, the kiosk is headed by two staff members who are not ready to give any information to the commuters approaching them unless they come in a four-wheeler.When a TOI team approached the kiosk on Tuesday evening, a commuter was seen arguing with the staff. The commuter, Vishnu Singh, said his request was abruptly turned down by the staff when he sought information about the cards. \"They are not even ready to answer a simple query, including the basic difference between a tag and a smart card. How do they suppose to make commuters aware of new system if they don't give any information,\" he said.Despite the claims of the private concessionaire, DGSCL, that information about smart cards are being announced through public address system at the toll plazas, hardly any cards are being sold at the kiosk.An employee posted at the kiosk said that around 25-30 cards have been sold since December 1 from this point. He added that not a single card was sold from a petrol pump in Rajokri. Same was the case with the kiosk near Trident Hotel.When contacted, a DGSCL spokesperson said the banners and leaflets are under production and very soon promotional activities would start.While agreeing to the fact that there was a lack of information about smart cards, the official said two sale points each would be made functional at Galleria market and Mahipalpur in the next few days. \"Talks are on with shopkeepers in these two areas and very soon commuters can buy cards from there, he added.Earlier, DGSCL had claimed that 3,500 cards had been sold in the last one and a half months, an average of 77 cards per day. Gurgaon police %had asked the concessionaire to popularize the touch card by making them available at petrol pumps on the e-way stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17672631", "title": "Queen Elizabeth attends cabinet meeting, scripts history", "text": "LONDON: In a departure from tradition, Queen Elizabeth on Tuesday became the first peacetime British ruler since 1781 to attend a cabinet meeting. She did not partake in the deliberations, but participated as a listener and observer, seated in the chair normally occupied by the prime minister.Historians said this was the first time a monarch had attended a cabinet meeting since George III did so. In fact, George I abandoned chairing cabinet in 1717. Elizabeth's father George VI, though, attended cabinet during World War II. This capped a year of nationwide celebration of the diamond jubilee of her ascension to the throne.PM David Cameron sat to Elizabeth's right; foreign secretary William Hague to her left. Chancellor of the exchequer George Osborne was positioned opposite her. Reportedly, Cameron first formally welcomed her and thereafter spelled out the agenda for the meeting.The first item of business was about an amendment to the law on royal succession; in other words, to allow in future a first born girl to become head of state even if she has a younger brother.Academics differed in their views on whether Elizabeth should have spent half an hour in the meeting. Rodney Barker, professor of government at the London School of Economics, called the idea \"daft\", because \"it will mean potentially the Queen will know things she is not supposed to know and hear things she is not supposed to hear\".But Jane Ridley, biographer of Elizabeth's uncle Edward VII, said it was a \"testimony of the Queen's ability to elevate the monarchy above politics\" that she could attend cabinet.Britain maintains a tradition of the monarch granting a weekly audience to the PM to receive a private and confidential briefing.But in effect she mostly rubber stamps ministerial decisions, albeit sometimes in the presence of her privy council, of which an Indian origin Liberal Democrat Lord Navnit Dholakia and an Indian-born industrialist Lord Swraj Paul are members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "tenali", "code": "17672071", "title": "Gambler stabs cop over bribe demand", "text": "TENALI: A police constable was injured when a gambler attacked him with a knife at Kanthamraju Konduru village near Tenali on Tuesday.The incident took place when a police team raided an agriculture field on the outskirts of the village. According to information, the severely injured constable K Ravi was shifted to the district hospital at Tenali. Police said that a two-member special team conducted a surprise check in the fields near Kanthamraju Konduru village in the evening after getting information about the gambling.While many of those involved in the card game ran away after seeing the police, a few resisted the police raid and entered into an argument with them. When police asked the gamblers to accompany them to the police station, an unidentified youth reportedly took out a knife and stabbed the constable and fled. Upon information, additional police personnel rushed to the village and nabbed at least eight people involved in the gambling.Sources said about 25 persons from Vijayawada visited the village to take part in a function held at the local temple. Trouble began when the police constables allegedly demanded a huge sum from the visitors for letting them off without registering any cases for gambling. Although, the visitors are believed to have offered to pay some amount, the police reportedly demanded more.Angered over the police harassment, a youth took out a knife and stabbed the police constable. The other constables rushed their injured colleague to hospital and informed senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672284", "title": "Allahabad University scientist's design can breathe fresh air into city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Given the World Health Organization (WHO) estimate that urban air pollution kills 800,000 persons every year, most of them in India, work of a young scientist in the Nanotechnology Application Centre (NAC) of Allahabad University could curb the fatal phenomenon.Dr Vyom Parashar of NAC has developed nanomagnets which could not just improve but revolutionise the technique of sulphur detection and removal by not only checking the presence of the chemical in the air but also removing it by reducing sulphur content in vehicular fuel.Explaining his new findings to TOI, Parashar said, \"Our approach is directed towards the simultaneous determination and removal of sulphur molecules in which a sample containing the chemical is encountered with nanomagnets made of gadolinium (a rare earth mineral with natural magnetic properties). Visibility of red colour indicates that the given sample contains sulphur. The coloured portion can be detected with the naked eye and can be removed from the solution by applying an external magnetic field\".The technology prototype developed by Dr Parashar can be used on a large scale through proper funding. \"I will be happy to pass on the technology to the government at no cost if they show interest in the prototype,\" he added. Parashar, who has done PhD under Avinash C Pandey, says growing content of sulphur causes premature deaths through its cardiovascular and pulmonary impact, air pollution and dangerous effect on pregnant women which manifests in the newborn's health.Dr Parashar says vehicle emissions contribute majorly to poor urban air quality. In developing countries, conventional vehicle emissions are expected to continue to rise over the next few decades. Given the present poor quality of fuels (with high content of sulphur) often found in developing countries urban air pollution problems are set to worsen if no action is taken. There has been significant progress in reducing level of sulphur in fuels in developed countries, including China, he says.Reducing sulphur levels in fuels is especially important in India. Petrol and diesel fuels are both produced from crude oil, which varies in density, gravity and composition from one oilfield to another. Sulphur is present in all crude oil and when it is processed into petrol and diesel in the refinery, sulphur compounds find their way into various products, including petrol and diesel fuel. In general, the higher the density of crude oil, the more difficult it is to remove its sulphur content. Most of the sulphur-removal technologies are with developed countries while India lacks a proper indigenous technology patent in this area. Even today India imports lower-sulphur fuels from outside, says the young scientist. As the demand for lower sulphur fuels increases, sulphur treatment (or removal) technologies will continue to increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17672869", "title": "Forensics confirm leopard, search continues", "text": "AURANGABAD: The hair samples of the animal that attacked a goat in Banewadi on December 10 are identified to be that of a leopard.It was a leopard had attacked a goat and a calf and later disappeared into the surrounding sugar cane in that area. The samples were examined at the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU).Despite confirmation of the forensic samples, no fresh evidence of the animal has been found.\"No leftovers of the prey have been found to prove that it was a leopard that attacked. No blood traces or fresh pugmarks have been identified in the surrounding area,\" said R S Dasre, regional forest officer.He added that leopards have a tendency to move around 40 kilometres of radius of the surrounding area which makes it difficult for the animal to be traced.\"The trap that was laid in Golewadi has now been shifted to another field expecting the possibility of spotting the leopard there,\" he said.He further said that the presence of a leopard in Paithan taluka situated around 50 kilometers from Aurangabad was reported in the past three days. However, the animal was found to be hyena on Tuesday.\"An in-depth sweeping of the entire area of Banewadi, Golwadi and Karnapura will be carried out on Tuesday evening to sense any possible activity of the animal, \"he said.Citizens in the area have been advised not to roam around alone in the fields and have also been asked to stay alert during evening hours.\"Citizens have been asked to carry lathis and form groups while roaming and performing routine activities in the fields and carry torch during evening hours,\" said DasreMore than 50 officials have been stationed for round the clock patrolling in that area and decision will be made about the next move after Tuesday's patrolling, Dasre added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672202", "title": "Techies cycling their way to office", "text": "HYDERABAD: By cycling their way to work, techies are turning into role models for many office-goers in the city. To escape the rising fuel price and traffic congestion, a number of IT professionals are riding bicycles to work, with even riding up to 30 km a day.\"My residence is about 10km from office. During peak hours, it may take close to an hour to reach the destination but with cycle it is less than half an hour. By cycling to office, I can save time and money,\" Y Purnachandra, an employee of AT&T; in Madhapur who has formed a group of bicycle riders within his organization said. \"We donate the money saved on fuel to an orphanage,\" he added. They said each member could save up to Rs 1,500 to Rs 8,000 on fuel cost every month.Almost all the major companies in and around Hi-Tec City have formed a small group of enthusiastic cycle riders, some of whom even started naming their groups. Sumanth Kritam, an employee of Infosys along with his colleagues has formed a group called \"Thunderbolts\", who even cycle on their weekends.\"The biggest advantage I felt after I started cycling my way to work was that I started getting fitter. My stamina levels shot up and my health also improved. I need not bother about any form of exercise or hitting a gym because cycling takes care of all that,\" said Sumanth.Some also vouch that the administration should do more to encourage cycling in the city. \"I know a lot of people who come from very long distances by trains or buses but want to use cycle to work. For them, there should be a provision in buses or trains to bring bicycles along with them.\" A Satish, a team leader at SumTotal Systems, who has been commuting to work on a cycle from the past eight months, said.These professionals say the kind of response they get from fellow citizens is only encouraging and inspiring. \"Once I was passing by a police checkpost, the cops cheered on me. On numerous occasions, people show me thumbs up or wave at me with a smile which is a very good feeling,\" he said.The corporate companies on their part have also started encouraging this activity. While a few have started specialized secure parking lots for bicycles, lockers and shower facilities, some have even gone ahead and announced 50% cost reimbursement on bicycles for their employees. Some also express disappointment that some malls and shopping centres do not have separate parking for bicycles or refused to acknowledge it as any other vehicle. \"Once I visited a mall in Madhapur on my bicycle but was stopped from parking inside. The security officials told me that since it does not have an engine, there is no separate space allotted to it and they cannot take responsibility for it,\" said Mukul Chakravorty, an employee of DQ entertainments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17673158", "title": "Court refuses bail to head constable", "text": "MAPUSA: The additional sessions court on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail plea of suspended head constable Waman Naik, a prime accused in the police-prostitution nexus case.Naik was not present when the court pronounced the order. A doctor's certificate was produced before the court stating that the accused was sick. Investigating officer Sunita Sawant told TOI that \"we are on the way to trace Naik.\" Sources said that the certificate which Naik produced before court is certified by a doctor from Anjuna. The doctor stated that Waman is ill and recommended ten days of complete rest.Waman Naik and two other police personnel were suspended from service after the crime branch filed an FIR against them for their alleged links with prostitutes and pimps, following a complaint from Auda Viagas, a social activist.During the hearing of the case last week, the crime branch stated before the court that the offences against Naik are serious and sensitive in nature. The crime branch also told the court that the accused reported sick to avoid the collection of evidence against him.The crime branch alleged that Naik had forceful sexual intercourse with the commercial sex workers and tried to extort protection money, and demanded sexual favours from them in 2010-11.Head constables Naik and Santosh Vengurlekar, and constable Vijay Gaikwad were suspended on December 6 after two commercial sex workers filed a complaint with the crime branch.Applicants' counsel Gopal Kenekar said that the order of the lower court will be appealed in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17672641", "title": "No respite from the winged monsters in Odisha's Millennium City", "text": "CUTTACK: Belying all the tall claims of the Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC) of successfully dealing with the mosquito menace, residents of the Millennium City have complained of no respite from the winged monsters.The citizens said they were having to depend on mosquito repellants and other household methods for getting rid of the trouble as the civic body was least concerned about it. The CMC, on an average, spends Rs one crore annually to check the growth of mosquitos, but the winged monsters are giving a tough time to the denizens. At present, the density of mosquito in the city is 48. Residents alleged that the civic body had carried out neither desilting of drains nor fogging, to check the growth of the mosquitoes.Speaking about the negligent attitude of the CMC, Naseer Ahmed of Dargha bazaar area said, \"Mosquitoes have become a perennial problem thanks to the insensitivity of CMC authorities towards maintaining sanitation and cleanliness\". He added that the pitiable condition of city drains has added to their woes. Heaps of garbage can be seen overflowing, causing olfactory repulsion and breeding of mosquitoes and other infectious bacteria.\"The negligence of CMC is evident from the pathetic condition of different drains. The chocked drains have become an ideal breeding ground for the mosquitoes,\" Ahmed added.The drains should be cleaned at least thrice a year, but CMC hardly cleans them even once. Many people have complained that fogging was not done in several places. \"Fogging has been done only in some selected pockets of the city and that too was no way comprehensive. The mosquitoes have made life miserable for the people,\" complained Surendra Nath, a resident of Badambadi area. The CMC completes its duty by spraying chemicals in the drain, but it is not effective in stagnant water. Even bush cutting is not carried out properly in different wards of the city, he added.Councilor of ward no. 32 Dharmanand Patra pointed out that CMC had introduced mechanized sweeping in the city last year with an aim to make the city dust free, but the initiative has failed to yield desired results. \"Due to unclean surroundings, the entire city has become the breeding ground for mosquitoes. They can be found in almost all nooks and corners of our ward,\" he said.The Civic authorities, however, claimed they had undertaken drives to check the growth of mosquitoes. \"December and January are the most favourable months for the breeding of mosquitoes. Still, we have launched drives to tackle the situation. We have started fogging operation and desiltation of drains in all the wards of the city,\" said P K Pradhan, health officer of the CMC.He added that from December 12, the civic body has started desilting of drains in the city and the drive would continue for one month. Five persons would be deployed in each ward to clean drains in lanes and bylanes and on main roads. He admitted that drains in the city needed to be cleared more often.\"Drains should be desilted at regular intervals but we are not able to do so due to shortage of manpower and funds. The entire desilting exercise costs Rs 40 lakh to the CMC and its quite difficult to spend such a huge amount thrice a year,\" added Pradha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672323", "title": "HC rejects PIL, says similar plea pending", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Tuesday dismissed a PIL filed by People's Union for Civil Liberty (PUCL) in connection with the alleged police harassment of persons protesting against sand mining on the banks of river Yamuna in Kaushambi district.A bench comprising acting Chief Justice Shiv Kirti Singh and Justice Dilip Gupta dismissed the said PIL saying that another PIL related to this incident is already pending in the high court, hence the present PIL is not maintainable. The petitioner should first approach the court for withdrawal of the first PIL.The PUCL had filed the PIL, saying that the police had tortured and thrashed people in 2010, who were protesting against the illegal mining operation in Kaushambi. The PIL alleged that the police have now filed charge-sheet against these people, hence this second PIL was filed. The court said that two PILs can not run for the same cause of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17672448", "title": "Thakur ton boosts Hansraj", "text": "MUMBAI: Opener Onkar Thakur produced a patient 144 to help Hansraj Morarji Public School, Andheri, build a massive 295-6 on the Day One of the three-day Harris Shield Plate final, at Cross Maidan, on Tuesday.Thakur's 253-ball knock lent Hansraj the upper hand over Dhirubhai International School, Bandra, on a track that had nothing to offer to the bowlers.The right-hander was given a second life by Vedant Jain, who missed a stumping opportunity when Thakur was on 36. Thakur gave a flying start to Hansraj's campaign, forging a 61-run opening stand with southpaw Aakash Kolekar (35, 55b, 8x4s), who was dismissed by off-spinner Dhanay Parekh.After Kolekar's departure no other batsman managed to stay at the wicket for long against some smart bowling by Arnav Parikh, who scalped Piyush Panchal (0) and Satyak Patel (20).Dhirubhai skipper Agni Chopra, Mohneesh Hinduja and Arav Punjabi picked up one wicket each. But the much popular Arjun Tendulkar, son of batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar , did not have an equally impressive day as others. He finished with figures of 12-3-50-0 and even seemed jittery on the field.Arjun was unable to stop couple of boundaries that were within his reach but did have his moments when he induced a nick from Abhay Shinde, only for the ball to fall short of the slip fielder.Shinde (35, 55b, 4x4s) was in august company of Thakur at stumps after having already stitched a 77-run partnership for the seventh wicket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672325", "title": "Minor beaten by cops: CM, DGP moved", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking strong exception of the incident in which a a minor school boy was allegedly beaten up by Kareli police recently, social activist Teesta Setalvad has written to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and director general of police A C Sharma seeking intervention in the matter.Reports said Farhan Husain, a student of class X of a city-based English medium school and residing with his family members at C-140, GTB Nagar, Kareli, was allegedly thrashed by Kareli police after being picked up from outside his house where he was standing with his friends.The matter was brought to the notice of senior police officials including the SSP and DIG by the boy's father after which an enquiry was ordered by the two.His father met Commissioner of Allahabad and gave a complaint to him and also met officials of CHILDLINE (an NGO for child welfare in association with Police) and registered a complaint. Principal of the boy's school demanded justice for the boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17672918", "title": "Cops in a spot for 'ignoring' dalit's land snatch complaint", "text": "AJMER: After alleged police inaction, the judicial magistrate has ordered to register a criminal case against the Sarwar policemen, including SHO Dinesh Kumawat, for not taking action against the reported capturing of a dalit family's plot by the Samants of the village.The victims alleged that their land was \"forcibly\" made into a common ground for all. They used to till the land to support their family, they said in the report.The dalits' plaint in the first place was reportedly \"rejected\" and instead they were detained and later harassed and their turbans were kicked off by policemen.The dalit of Sayar village of Sarwar block filed an application accusing the Samants (feudal) of the village threatening him to leave the cultivating land and forcing him to flee the village. When the dalits's plea to the police failed to evoke results. The family fled and is living in Ajmer.The plaint made by Ramsawaroop, Balai by caste in the court that he purchased a barren land in the village from another dalit to start cultivation to support his family. \"The adjoining land belongs to the Samants Hari Singh, Dashrath Singh, Mohan Singh and Inderjeet Singh. They all harassed me for long and also abused me and my family\" said Ram Swaroop in his application to the court.The victim filed an application against the accused under ST/SC prevention Act and court asked the Sarwar police to investigate the matter, \"On November 21 when my family was working in the field, cops came and took us to police station. Meanwhile other accused went to the field and destroyed the crop,\" added victim.The victim accused that his entire family was beaten up badly in the police station and they kicked off the turbans of his brother Gopal. \"They said that Thakurs will not leave them if they do not leave the land and flee the village,\" this was mentioned in the application. It further said that police forced them to withdraw the complaint filed under ST/SC prevention Act against the accused. They were all booked for disturbing peace in the village.The victim further said the patwari nulled their mutation documents and papers were prepared to shown the plot as a common ground for the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672353", "title": "Asia emerging as land of opportunities: Ex-envoy", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Women's Advisory Board (WAB) organised a lecture on \"India's role in the emerging global context\" at the economics department of Allahabad University.Meera Shankar, India's former ambassador to the US and Germany, spoke on integrating economic, historical, political and strategic dimensions. She mentioned China's growing clout in the global context and its large trade surpluses with other countries. \"China's prospects depend on the demand in the United States , and in turn the US has a tenuous relation with china because the latter holds vast treasury bonds. This has resulted in what some have called the 'balance of terror,\" she said.The former ambassador also highlighted the large number of regional cooperation agreements and India's participation in some of them. \"Asia is fast becoming the centre of gravity of global challenges as well as of global opportunities. Asia is one of the most dynamic regions in the world theatre, but it was also beset by problems of conflict and historical legacy,\" she said. She also presented a brief analysis of the strengths and weakness that face India in a global context. The chief guest also distributed prizes to the winners of debate and poster competitions organized by WAB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17672980", "title": "Troubled BSF woman constable commits suicide in hospital", "text": "AMRITSAR: A BSF woman constable, who was having troubles with her husband, committed suicide on Monday by consuming poisonous substance in a civil hospital in Dera Baba Nanak town of Gurdaspur district.Paramjit Kaur, 24, hailed from Beas town in Amritsar and was recruited in the BSF in 2008. Police said Kaur was in an extramarital relationship and the guilt could have driven her to take the extreme step.Kaur belonged to the first batch of women BSF personnel that was deployed at the Indo-Pak border for the first time in 2009.Police officers investigating the case said that Kaur had been admitted to the hospital on December 12 after she was allegedly beaten up by her husband.Kaur had married Harvinder, 24, also a constable with BSF, a year back and both were posted at BSF's 38th battalion headquarters at Dera Baba Nanak.Since BSF doctors are on duty in Gujarat for elections, Kaur was admitted in the civil hospital.Ruling out any foul play behind Kaur's death, BSF sources said they had got a FIR registered in Dera Baba Nanak police station.Batala SSP Tulsi Ram told TOI that the father of Paramjit had also lodged a complaint with police in which he had stated that her daughter told him before committing suicide that she was feeling guilty due to her extramarital affair. \"We will verify all aspects of the case,\" said Tulsi Ram.Dera Baba Nanak civil hospital senior medical officer Dr Kanwaljit Singh said that Kaur was admitted to the hospital with minor injuries sustained due to domestic violence.\"But after that, I noticed symptoms of severe depression and anxiety in her,\" said he, adding that her husband never came to meet her in the hospital since December 12. \"It is a matter to be investigated as to how she managed to procure the poisonous substance in the hospital,\" said Dr Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671266", "title": "Ministerial panel to probe Zee case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with demands from parliamentarians asking for Zee TV's licence to be scrapped, information and broadcasting (I&B;) minister Manish Tewari told Lok Sabha that an inter-ministerial committee would examine the complaint against the channel on Wednesday.The minister, who expressed concern over the Rs 100 crore extortion charge in the FIR filed by Jindal group against Zee TV executives in exchange for dropping negative coverage on the coal block allocation scam, said the incident was \"extremely disturbing\". When asked if action would be taken against the channel, he said, \"There is a criminal investigation process underway. As a government, it is our responsibility to use our powers judiciously.''Members from various parties also expressed concern in the Lok Sabha over paid news and content shown on news channels, with some of them urging the need to regulate the media.\"When some of our members were caught accepting money for asking questions during a sting operation, their membership was terminated. Their career was ruined. But no action has been taken after this sting operation. The licence of this channel should be cancelled,\" Congress MP Lal Singh said. He also complained that news channels showed objectionable content.Sharad Yadav of JD(U) said when a demand was being made to bring even the prime minister under Lokpal, accountability of print and electronic media should be fixed and the Press Council of India should be given more powers. Asaduddin Owaisi (MIM) accused the media of indulging in \"unfair and vendetta\" reporting.Tewari said he shared the concerns of members and added that self-regulating mechanism had emerged as the best mechanism from the wide-ranging consultations with stakeholders. \"There has been no consensus on setting up an independent regulator,\" he said, adding that the industry had only agreed to two recommendations of the Asha Swaroop committee on setting up a self-regulatory mechanism.Questioned on the government's stand on paid news, Tewari said the ministry was engaged with the Press Council of India and the Election Commission to find \"common ground'' and determine a \"legal formulation'' on what constitutes paid news.Trinamool members demanded Markandey Katju's removal as Press Council chief.Tewari said the government was ready to have a discussion on all these issues and act according to the sense of the House that emerges after the debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17673393", "title": "Hunt on for Guwahati businessman's killer", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police have launched a hunt for supari killer Omkar Singh Nalwa in connection with the murder of city-based businessman Ajit Singh (45), who was shot dead in the Basista area on November 29.The crime branch of police, which has already arrested Ajeet Singh(38), known as Ajeet Singh ADR and one Gurpesh Singh (37), on Monday night, found that both the accused hired Nalwa to kill Ajit Singh.Police have already circulated the images of Nalwa across the country and asked for help from all its counter parts. Nalwa is a professional killer. He was accused in another shoot out case of one Ravindar Singh which took place here last year. He was cited in several locations recently. We have alerted our counterparts in New Delhi, West Bengal , Manipur and Jammu too. He hails from Jammu, said city SSP A P Tiwari.The SSP added that Nalwa is a hardcore criminal and in touch with several businessmen in the city. Ajeet Singh is the mastermind in the killing. He asked Gurpesh, his employee, to act on his behalf and hired Nalwa. \"We have found one revolver, ammunition and five mobile handsets from his house. However, the ballistic tests are yet to confirm whether it's the same gun used in the killing,\" added the SSP.Police suspected that Ajit Singh was fired either by a 0.32mm or .0.38 revolver. Police booked Ajeet Singh ADR under section 302 of IPC, R/W sec 25 (1) (A)/ 27 of Arms Act.According to the SSP, the killing was a fallout of personal enmity and business rivalry. \"Both of them were against each other due to some socio-economic clash. Both were in the same business and rivalry led to the killing. There is another Gurmeet Singh involved in the killing and we are also looking for him,\" added the SSP.Sources said Ajeet Singh ADR and Ajit Singh were having an enmity for over two years. \"Ajeet Singh ADR flew to New Delhi on the same day of the shoot out so that he can mislead the investigation,\" said a senior cop in the crime branch.Already, crime branch teams have headed for Imphal , Siliguri, Ghaziabad, Jalandhar, Diburgarh and Dhubri in search of Nalwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671619", "title": "Policy to protect senior citizens in offing", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra government has admitted that the number of crimes against senior citizens has increased slightly. Home minister RR Patil was replying to a query by the leader of opposition in council Vinod Tawde who demanded formulation of a state-level policy for the protection of senior citizens. He said that there are about over 1.50 crore senior citizens in the state and they form 10% of the total population.The home minister informed the council that the government is actively considering the formulation of a policy and has entrusted the social justice and welfare department with the task. NGOs working in the sector are being roped in to help frame the policy, Patil added. He said that the draft of the policy is ready and it would be put up before the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673161", "title": "Pharmacy blaze puts GMC fire system under scanner", "text": "PANAJI: A major fire in the pharmacy of Goa antibiotic &amp; pharmaceutical pvt ltd, (GAPL), in the Goa medical college (GMC) &amp; hospital, on Tuesday morning, has brought to light that the fire fighting system in GMC was not attended to despite several warnings by the fire services department.The GMC administration, on the other hand, claimed that they are in the process of implementing the recommendations.The fire service department said that their recommendations for upgrading the fire service system in the hospital has been gathering dust. \"We had conducted two inspections for GMC and the last reminder was sent in August,\" said a fire service officer on condition of anonymity. Swapnil Naik, director of GMC administration, said that the old GMC buildings lack elaborate fire safety equipments, but that it would be put into place. Dr Sunanda Amonkar, medical superintendent, said that they have had moved a proposal to the government.The old building does not have any fire safety equipments except for normal fire extinguishers that hardy operate. This was proved beyond doubt when pharmacy employees tried to use an extinguisher when they first saw fire in the pharmacy in the morning. It was of no useA fire official, said it was too small to make any difference when fire had spread. The fire service official said, manual alarm call points were also not operating.Though new medicine block has a fire fighting system in place, it's not adequate, claimed a fire service official. \"There is no separate pump for the new block and so even though there is connection, it's not of much use,\" he added.Moreover, a mock drills have not been conducted in GMC for ages. Naik said, all system will be put in place, and mock drill will be conducted too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671861", "title": "Medical colleges for Gondia, Chanda set to be cleared", "text": "NAGPUR: Medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit gave a firm assurance that two new medical colleges for Vidarbha, one at Gondia and the other at Chandrapur, will be cleared before the conclusion of the winter session of the state legislature. Friday is the last working day of the session.The assurance came in response to a calling attention motion moved by Gopaldas Agarwal and Ramratan Raut in the state assembly on Tuesday. Agarwal said the government had announced on the floor of the house in 2009 its proposal to start new medical colleges at Gondia, Chandrapur and Baramati. As recently as September 28 this year, the government had also notified the Medical Council of India ( MCI ) about its plans to start medical courses at three places. However, the government has not made any official announcement in this regard, said Agarwal, adding that Gondia, Gadchiroli and Chandrapur were Naxal affected areas and needed better professional education colleges to speed up development.Gavit admitted that the government had indeed proposed setting up of new medical colleges under its larger plan to have one medical teaching institute per district. He said the process of getting approvals from the revenue (for land), finance and planning department was on. He said the department had now given its reports and the revenue department had also issued advance acquisition notice for land for the hospital at each of these places. After Agarwal and Rajura MLA Subhash Dhote pressed the matter, Gavit said he would announce the time frame for setting up the government medical colleges and the hospitals at Gondia and Chandrapur before the end of the session after getting cabinet clearance.Independent MLA Bacchu Kadu questioned the move to start the government medical college at Baramati which is in Pune district. \"That district already has one college. What were the factors for considering another in the same district when several other districts have none,\" he asked. The minister said there was overwhelming demand from legislators for the Baramati college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17673215", "title": "Soon, an education hub in Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute panchayat plans to develop an education hub on the outskirts of the village. Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, Joseph Sequeira, a panch, said that a good quality education hub would be a plus point for tourism in the coastal village. He said that the hub would have a college and schools. The hub is proposed to be built on land belonging to the comunidade of Calangute in the vicinity of the cattle-pound on the right of the Calangute-Mapusa road.The press briefing was held to announce the setting up of the new market-cum-bus-stand complex on 36,000 sq mtrs of comunidade land. Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, attorney of the Calangute comunidade Anthony D'Souza and zilla panchayat member Abelina Menezes were also present at the venue at Bodkovaddo.Lobo also announced the widening of the road from Bodkowaddo to Baga along with a gutter and a side retaining wall at a cost of 2.8 crore. \"That is estimated to rise to 3.6 crore,\" according to Lobo.Work on the market complex is expected to start once the land acquisition is completed, for which the comunidade has already given an NOC, according to Anthony D'Souza. He added that there are a few tenants whose claims will have to be settled prior to that.The village panchayat has agreed to bear the cost of settlement with the tenants, according to Sequeira.The complex, besides housing the market and bus-stand, will also have space for taxis, rent-a-bike operators, pilots, and also all government offices such as electricity, PWD, etc, clustered together for the benefit of the public.\"We will complete the market in collaboration with the GIDC before the end of the BJP government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17671424", "title": "Defence ministry's boost for Army\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 'mini' air force plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army's ambition to progressively build its own \"mini'' air force got another boost on Tuesday with the defence ministry approving its proposal to procure 22 Cheetal helicopters.The Defence Acquisitions Council (DAC), headed by defence minister A K Antony, approved the Cheetals for the Army, which is likely to deploy them for logistic support in high-altitude operations like Ladakh and Siachen Glacier-Saltoro Ridge region.The Cheetals are an upgraded version of the vintage Cheetah helicopters with more powerful engines manufactured by the defence PSU, Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL). These choppers are being procured as there is a delay in the acquisition of new light-utility helicopters (LUHs).All the three Services are 'desperate'' to induct as many as 440 new LUHs to replace their ageing Cheetah/Chetak choppers, which were first inducted in the 1970s based on the design of French \"Alouettes'' and \"Lama SA-315''. Over 250 of them were subsequently manufactured under licence by HAL till the 1980s.The long-pending joint Army-IAF procurement case for 197 LUHs for over Rs 3,000 crore, with Russian Kamov Ka-226T pitted against Eurocopter AS 550 C3 Fennec, has been stalled for months due to complaints of technical deviations during the extensive flight evaluation trials.The deal had been virtually finalized with Eurocopter in December, 2007, when it was scrapped due to some irregularities. Incidentally, acquisition of these 197 helicopters is to be followed by indigenous manufacture of 187 similar ones by HAL to meet the overall Army-IAF requirements to service forward locations and for ``patrol and reconnaissance missions''.The Army, only two months ago, had won its long and bitter turf war with IAF when Antony ruled that all \"future'' procurements and inductions of attack helicopters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d armed with guided missiles, cannons and rockets to target enemy infantry and tanks on the ground \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be for the Army. Till now, attack helicopters were strictly the IAF's preserve.Army chief General Bikram Singh has approved the creation of a permanent cadre for the Army Aviation Corps by the end of this month, which will operate light observation and attack helicopters in the short-term and medium-lift choppers and even fixed-wing aircraft in the long-term, as earlier reported by TOI.Overall, the forces are looking to induct as many as 900 helicopters in the coming decade, including 440 light-utility and observation, naval multi-role (90), light combat (65), heavy-duty attack (22), medium-lift (139) and heavy-lift (15), among others, as earlier reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17670193", "title": "Woman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body exhumed, 3 held", "text": "KISHANGANJ: A heart-wrenching incident of domestic violence came to the fore only after the body of a newly-wed and pregnant woman was exhumed from her grave near village Aatiyabari under Paharkatta police station in Kishanganj district on Monday.Rizwana Khatoon, 22, was allegedly killed by her 'devar' (brother-in-law), mother-in-law and brother in-law's friend. Her body was secretly buried half-a-kilometre from their house at village Aatiyabari under Paharkatta police on Wednesday.Rizwana, daughter of Mohammad Namrul, was a resident of Pathanbustee. She was married to one Mohammad Javed at Aatiyabari in Paharkatta police station few months back. She was perceived as hot-headed and domineering ever since she came to in-law's house. Her relationship with her brother in-law Jehangir and mother in-law Zahida Begum nose-dived further after her husband Mohammad Javed went back to Sikkim where he worked. In the meantime, she was also in the family way. Jehangir and in-laws also suspected her fidelity, police said.The cloud of doubts hung after she went missing since Wednesday last. Her father Mohammad Namrul passed on the information to his son-in-law Mohammad Javed in Sikkim. Javed promptly lodged an information with the Paharkatta police station about his missing wife.Following hectic interrogation, Jehangir spilled the beans and confessed to police how he, along with his mother Zahida Begum and a Kishanganj-based friend Mohammad Azad had hatched the diabolical plan, and killed her. They also secretly buried her body half-a-kilometre from their house at Aatiyabari, police said.SP Manoj Kumar, while talking to TOI on Tuesday said the Rizwana's body was exhumed from her grave on Monday. The accused were arrested and have since been remanded to judicial custody, he added.Contraband seized: SSB personnel intercepted a bus, bearing no WB-73C/4577 and seized packets of nearly a kilogram of contraband heroin which were valued at Rs 5 crore which was neatly tucked in a bag. The bus was going from Jogbani (on Bihar-Nepal border) to Siliguri in West Bengal. The 12th battalion SSB commandant Ashok Jha, talking to TOI on Tuesday said trafficker, however, managed to dodge them and escaped away. The packet of heroin was smuggled into Indian side from adjoining Nepal, and was clandestinely being carried to Siliguri (WB).Lately, there has yet again been a spurt in the trafficking of narcotics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17673117", "title": "Civil society challenges CM to public debate on 'khazan'", "text": "PANAJI: Civil society organizations in Goa on Tuesday challenged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to a public debate \"anytime, anywhere\" on the government's draft bill to constitute a Goa khazan land development board.Led by the Pilerne Citizens Forum, civil society organizations also accused the chief minister of making personal attacks against them after they voiced their apprehensions over the draft bill. They said that instead of calling them \"mad\" and \"bogus\", Parrikar should clarify their apprehensions at a public debate on the issue.Said PCF spokesperson Yatish Naik, \"Our culture does not allow us to attack the chief minister personally. We attack him on a policy, which is a faulty policy.\"The biggest fear of the civil society organizations is that the draft bill has provisions that give the board powers to acquire and sell the land. Naik pointed to a section on \"prohibition of any construction in khazan land, without the approval of the board\". Said Naik, \"This means that they can build with the permission of the board.\"Responding to the chief minister's remark that no one wants to build in khazan land, Naik said that both the KTC bus stand and the Patto Plaza in Panaji are build on reclaimed land. \"As Panaji MLA, Parrikar should know this,\" Naik said.He also pointed to Section 25 which states that 'the board may retain, lease, sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of any land, any building or other property vested in it, in such a manner as it thinks fit for carrying out the purposes of this Act.\"Govind Gaude of the Jan Jagruti Manch, Bandora, spoke of how communidade land in survey no. 159/0 at Farmagudi was illegally subdivided and sold for commercial purpose. Gaude wondered what will happen if the khazan land board act becomes a reality.Pointing to information obtained under RTI, the organizations, including Goenchea Xetkareancho Ekvott represented by Bismarque Dias and SEZ Virodhi Manch represented by Swati Kerkar, pointed out that the agriculture department has done no mapping of agricultural land in Goa. \"How then can the government assure us that they will not encroach on fertile cultivable land?\" asked the PCF's Paul Fernandes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670841", "title": "Regional transport officers seize 129 autos, 18 taxis on day 3 of campaign", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after the deadline for autos and taxis to recalibrate their e-meters ended, the regional transport office (RTO) seized 129 autos and 18 taxis in the Mumbai metropolitan region.Transport commissioner VN More said the RTO squads carried out checks on 2,090 vehicles, including 1,545 autos.The state transport department has decided to either impose a fine of Rs 700 on auto/cab drivers or detain the vehicles whose e-meters have not been recalibrated. The RTO has already taken action against 47 cabbies and 458 auto drivers for not recalibrating their e-meters since December 16.Meanwhile, 422 taxi drivers, including 226 in Tardeo, 122 in Andheri and 74 in Wadala, came forward to recalibrate their e-meters. Meanwhile, the prepaid taxi operators at stations have been told not to allow any bookings for vehicles that have not recalibrated their e-meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17673470", "title": "Mysore is ready for direct cash transfer: Deputy commissioner Ajay", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka Centre for E-Governance chief executive officer D S Ravindran on Tuesday reviewed the preparedness of Mysore district authorities in implementing the direct-cash-transfer scheme, which is expected to launch across India from January 2013.Three out of 51 districts selected for the DCT pilot project are in Karnataka - Mysore, Dharwad and Tumkur. \"Of the 34 schemes, including scholarships of 14 departments, subsidy amount will be deposited in the bank accounts. The authorities concerned should prepare a database of beneficiaries and validate them before the deadline. The authorities should also validate their Aadhaar enrolment number and facilitate them to get benefits directly through bank accounts,\" said Ravindran.Deputy commissioner M N Ajay Nagabhushan told TOI: \"There are 1.80 lakh social security pension beneficiaries and 2.17 lakh MGNREGA beneficiaries in Mysore. Most of the data has been digitized. Now we have to link that to Aadhaar-enabled bank accounts to ensure that subsidy goes directly to their bank accounts.\"The DC expressed confidence that Mysore is ready for DCT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671571", "title": "Sickle attack injuries may hobble victim for life", "text": "MUMBAI: Sonal Lapashiya, who faced a sickle attack in a case of mistaken identity on Monday, continues to be critical, but is now stable. Doctors at Bombay Hospital, where the 25-year-old is admitted, said the attack could leave her with minor functional deficiencies in the long run.Sonal's brother, an orthopedic surgeon with a civic hospital said her condition is improving. \"She has shown lot of improvement since Monday morning. She is stable now, but her wounds are serious, so healing will take some time.\"Sonal suffered a skull fracture that exposed a part of her brain. She had a jaw bone fracture and cuts on the face and on the throat that is obstructing her food and wind pipe. Her shoulders, too, sustained deep cuts.A doctor said Sonal is in a lot of pain and finding it difficult to eat solid food due to injuries to her food pipe. She is on a liquid diet. The doctor added that Sonal was operated for three fractures on her left hand, cuts on the neck and skull fracture on Monday evening itself.\"The skull injury is bad. The outer layer of the skull is badly damaged,\" said a doctor, who added that it was difficult to determine the long-term repercussions of the head injury at this point. \"All that will become clear only after the present injuries have healed.\"The doctor, though, feared that the fractures on Sonal's left hand may leave her with some functional problems. \"The joints of the knuckles have suffered some damage. It may be difficult for her to clench a fist or fold her palms. But a clearer picture will emerge only after few days.\" The cuts on the skin will heal faster than the fractures, said a team of doctors attending to her.Sonal is conscious but barely recollects anything related to the attack. The doctor said that patients who suffer head injuries usually show such symptoms after the trauma.The family closely monitored her condition and remained by her side throughout. Even as doctors thought she may need professional expert help to come out of the trauma, her brother insisted that she had enough emotional support from the family. \"We will help her overcome the trauma.\"The family was flooded with calls from relatives from across the country, asking about her well-being. On a positive note, a doctor from the hospital said she will soon be moved out of the ICU. \"She should be going home in a couple of days after she feels slightly better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17671948", "title": "BJP MLA Jetha flees from hospital", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17674466", "title": "Delhi gang-rape: Salman Khan wants rapists to be killed", "text": "Condemning the gang-rape of a medical student in the capital, Salman Khan on Tuesday said rapists should be hanged.\"The first thought which comes to the mind is - such people should be killed - but there are too many things which we have to follow. It is a shame that such a thing has happened, how can somebody commit such a heinous crime.\"If not death they should be sentenced for life so that they learn a lesson. Rapists are beaten up in jails also,\" said Salman, during a press conference to promote his upcoming movie Dabangg 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671788", "title": "Naval staffer who created ruckus on flight to remain in jail", "text": "NAGPUR: The bail plea of the Indian Navy staffer who created ruckus on board an Indigo airlines Delhi-Nagpur flight on November 20 has been rejected by the district and sessions court. The prosecution has accused 33-year-old Manoj Virkhare of endangering the lives of 107 passengers and crew members aboard the flight.District and additional sessions judge VT Suryavanshi rejected the bail plea of the man who was under the influence of alcohol while flying from New Delhi to the city last month. The court has taken a stringent view against Virkhare, who tried to smash a window of the aircraft.Entering the aircraft in inebriated condition, Virkhare, a petty officer in the Navy since around a decade, had stunned co-passengers with his acts. His unruly behaviour with the crew was also reported in a complaint against him at Sonegaon police station after Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) personnel handed him over to the cops.Sonegaon police charged Virkhare, son of a retired teacher, under relevant sections of Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against Safety of Civil Aviation Act, 1982, and section 336 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) for endangering personal safety of others. Police had also sent Virkhare for medical examination.Additional public prosecutor Vijay Kolhe said the prosecution had argued against the bail application. \"The violent activities on board were serious. The statements of co-passengers underline the danger he had exposed the entire aircraft to, apart from misbehaving with others,\" said Kolhe.He added that there is a stringent provision in the act which mandates the need for strong grounds to grant bail, which the court has to put on record. \"Punishment under the act can lead to life imprisonment,\" said Kolhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670274", "title": "Top guns for National shooting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Olympic medalists Abhinav Bindra, Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, Vijay Kumar and Gagan Narang besides a host of top shooters will take part in the 56th National Shooting Championship, beginning at the Dr Karni Singh shooting range in the Capital on Wednesday.The competition, which will continue till December 30, will see a record-number of 2300 shooters from 41 affiliated state rifle associations and units fight it out for top honours, the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) said in a release on Tuesday.The numbers included 267 shooters who have been given wild card entries. Other top shooters who have confirmed their participation included Manavjit Singh, Ronjan Sodhi , Joydeep Karmakar , Sanjeev Rajput , Anjali Bhagwat, Suma Shirur and Heena Sidhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17673316", "title": "FIR lodged against PDS supply officer in Palamu", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu district administration has taken action against the PDS supply officer of Chhattarpur block for allegedly diverting subsidized rice meant for BPL families to open market.The district supply officer, Bipin Oraon, under orders from Pooja Singhal, DC-Palamu, lodged an FIR against block supply and marketing officer Chandrashekhar Kanth. Though the FIR was lodged with Chhattarpur police station on December 16, details of the report was made public on Monday evening.Kanth has allegedly facilitated diversion of 3,900 quintals of PDS rice to the market. \"Around 3,900 quintals of rice for additional BPL ration cardholders, who are over 19,000 in number, were denied rice in June 2011 and the entire quantity was sold in black market for which the role of this block supply officer of Chhattarpur cannot be beyond scrutiny,\" the FIR stated.However, many suspect that the corruption is deep-rooted and a small fry like Kanth could not do much all by himself. One official, on condition of anonymity, said, the scandal was not confined to just 3,900 quintals.\"I am sure the amount is much more than 3,900 quintals,\" said the officer.Singhal said the matter would be reviewed closely and strict action would be taken against the guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670547", "title": "I-League: ONGC name Kashyap as coach", "text": "MUMBAI: ONGC have appointed Santosh Kashyap as their coach for the rest of the season, after Subrata Bhattachrya stepped down from the position citing personal reasons.The former Mohun Bagan coach conducted his first session with the team here on Tuesday.ONGC are at the bottom of the table with just seven points from 11 games and it may not be the ideal situation for some to take up the responsibility. But, Kashyap is no stranger to such challenges.He arrived at Air India in the 2010-11 season when the team had just three points from six games. But it went on to finish a creditable 9th on the table.\"I've been in this position before and I don't see why I cannot turn this around for ONGC too.Considering we are bottom-placed, the first target is to avoid relegation and then go for a finish in the top seven of the league,\" said Kashyap, whose first assignment is a home fixture against Shillong Lajong on December 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672094", "title": "Scam-hit State Minority Finance Corporation to close its inactive bank accounts", "text": "HYDERABAD: The State Minority Finance Corporation (APSMFC) will write to the CID seeking the list of properties purchased by the accused in the scholarship scam case.In its board meeting that was held last week, the MFC came to the conclusion that the properties bought by the scamsters should be prevented from alienation as the source of money was illegal transfer of corporation funds.Soon after the scam came to light in October last, the CID had discovered that 200 acres of land was bought by one of the accused, C V K Saikumar, in Mahbubnagar district. A house was also purchased by the same person. The value of the land was pegged at Rs 15 crore, while that of the house at Rs 5 crore. The CID had also seized FD receipts worth Rs 14 crore. The scam, however, amounted to siphoning off of Rs 57 crore. The CID had arrested four persons, including an employee of Vijaya Bank.In other decisions, the MFC has decided to close all its inactive bank accounts and restrict its transactions to three nationalised banks for better management of funds and prevent swindling of fixed deposits.The MFC is said to have opened accounts in the past for various schemes in nationalised banks. Each scheme had its own account. But the accounts were not closed after the schemes were wound up. In a recent exercise, the corporation closed 30 inactive accounts pertaining to its operations in Hyderabad and has also issued directions to its officials in districts to restrict the number of accounts to only four.Referring to the recent fixed deposit scam that rocked the MFC in October, an official of the minority finance corporation said restricting the number of accounts will help them keep a close watch on the funds and reduce scope for misuse of money.Minority welfare department secretary M Dana Kishore said the corporation would restrict its financial transactions to State Bank of India , State Bank of Hyderabad and Andhra Bank . The corporation mainly deals with pre-matric, post-matric scholarships and financial assistance schemes besides salaries of employees. For operational expenditure and salaries, the corporation uses the services of a private bank. The closure of accounts was announced during the board meeting. The corporation is also working on a centralised policy for management of funds.It was also learnt that the corporation will continue its transactions with Vijaya Bank until the scholarship disbursal scheme for this year ends. This decision was taken to prevent inconvenience to students. But after the completion of the scheme for the current year, officials said that they will close their accounts in the bank.Meanwhile, among the other important announcements made during the board meeting was conclusion of the audit of 2010-11 and 2011-12 finances before the end of this financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "17672272", "title": "Train hits trolley on tracks", "text": "THRISSUR: A major accident was averted after loco pilots in Guruvayur-Ernakulam passenger train noticed a trolley with building material placed across the tracks and applied the brakes at Punkunnam here around 9.15 am on Tuesday.However, the train hit the trolley, parts of which were broken under the impact. The broken pieces were brought to Thrissur railway station in the same train. The loco pilots gave a report on the incident to the station manager and a case has been registered.Later in the day, Thrissur railway police arrested two migrant labourers - Krishna Harijan (22) and Lakhan (18) -- in connection with the incident. \"Though the impact of the collision did not result in any casualty or damage, the train could have been derailed,\" an officer said.Train services were disrupted for around 40 minutes.Thrissur had witnessed two similar incidents in the past three months. TNNThe Kochuveli-Porbander Express survived a sabotage bid recently when the loco pilot noticed five concrete slabs placed on the tracks near Chembissery overbridge. Police had arrested two migrant labourers from Orissa in connection with the incident.The Hubli-Kochuveli Express survived another scare on October 4 when it rammed into two huge logs of coconut tree placed on the tracks near Chalakudy railway station. The compressing valves of the engine got detached under the impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671634", "title": "Schools want to gauge parents, not students", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the law expressly prohibits it, many city schools interview parents and children seeking admission. This happens especially during the admission to initial classes of kindergarten or Std I. Parents spoke to TOI on condition of anonymity about interviews they had to give along with their wards for admissions in good schools. \"I and my wife had to accompany my son to the school for an interview. Though it was not taxing, the schools still shouldn't conduct interviews as it is against the law,\" a parent said.He said though the interview was not intense in his child's case, it might not be the same at every school. \"From what I gathered, it seemed like they wanted to gauge our abilities and capacity to teach the child as the children who entering kindergarten can hardly be questioned,\" he said.Saying that he also had to sit for an interview with his wife for his child's admission in a school, a father said, \"it is not right on part of the schools to conduct interviews when the law says otherwise. Also, it is not widely known among public that interviews are banned.\" He also said that if only a minority of the parents know about such a law and they object during the admission process, they and their children could be targeted by the school and suffer as there were not many good schools.\"It is obvious that not many will argue in schools as every parent wants to put their child in a decent school. Though I and my wife were not asked to sit for an interview, my daughter had to undergo a test to take admission in Std I,\" said another parent. He was of the opinion that all these acts and rules would not help improve educational services in the country. \"This happens when parents want to send their children to specific schools that are 'good'. If all schools were at par these practices would not be there. The biggest step the government needs to take is improve salaries of teachers. This will automatically attract intelligent minds to the profession and ultimately increase the standard of education,\" he added.A school principal, however, insisted the practice of holding interviews hardly existed. \"Most schools don't conduct interviews. If they are happening in a few, they just want to see if the parents would be able to teach their children at home or not,\" the principal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17672298", "title": "Federal Bank's staff strength crosses 10,000", "text": "KOCHI: Aluva-based private lender Federal Bank's staff strength crossed the 10,000 mark on December 17.The growth in manpower is in consonance with the growth of its branch network, which has taken the latest tally of its retail outlets to 1,020, Jolly Antony, general manager of the bank, said in a tatement.\"The Federal Bank family which considers this achievement as another milestone in its history, reminisced the collective vision and the shared passion which enabled it to face the challenges and make the institution grow to its present eminence,\" Antony said.In a message to the staff of the bank, chief human resource officer Radhakrishnan Nair expressed confidence that the unity of the 10,000 strong 'Federal Family' will carry the institution through the difficulties that can test the limits of their courage and determination in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671287", "title": "Four sent to jail for smuggling ganja", "text": "NAGPUR: Special judge of the court formed under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act S C Chandak has awarded five years' rigorous imprisonment and fine of Rs5,000 to the four accused and an additional jail term of three months in case of default for violating provisions of the law related to the contraband material.It is learnt that Ranjan Behara, Rajesh Prushti, Purnachandra Nayak and Raju Digal were nabbed along with a juvenile delinquent in August last year while ferrying around 53kg ganja. The five, all natives of Odisha, were to board a bus from Ganeshpeth for Amravati when the special cell cops of NDPS from the crime branch netted them. The juvenile, who was sent to remand home, will face a separate trial. Cash worth Rs990 and five mobile phones were also seized from them.The contraband smugglers were trapped after the crime branch constable Umesh Borkar got information about him. The then NDPS cell in-charge PI D M Shaikh, now posted in the traffic department, attributed the success of the police in busting the smuggling module to constable Borkar's contribution.Additional public prosecutor Vasant Narsapurkar said nine witnesses were examined before the court. \"Deposition of one of the panch witnesses played a key role as he verified the entire episode of action before the court. Investigation officer sub-inspector Rajendra Jagtap's deposition before the court was also crucial,\" said Narsapurkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675129", "title": "ODI series results", "text": "Series  Season  Winner  Pakistan in India  2007/08  India 3-2 (5)  Future Friendship Cup in Scotland  2007  Abandoned due to rain 0-0 (1)  DLF Cup in UAE  2005/06  Drawn 1-1 (2)  India in Pakistan  2005/06  India 4-1 (5)  Pakistan in India  2004/05  Pakistan 4-2 (6)  India in Pakistan  2003/04  India 3-2 (5)  Sahara Cup in Canada  1998  Pakistan 4-1 (5)  India in Pakistan  1997/98  Pakistan 2-1 (3)  Sahara Cup in Canada  1997  India 4-1 (5)  Sahara Cup in Canada  1996  Pakistan 3-2 (5)  India in Pakistan  1989/90  Pakistan 2-0 (3)  Pakistan in India  1986/87  Pakistan 5-1 (6)  India in Pakistan  1984/85  Pakistan 1-0 (2)  Pakistan in India  1983/84  India 2-0 (2)  India in Pakistan  1982/83  Pakistan 3-1 (4)  India in Pakistan  1978/79  Pakistan 2-1 (3)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672096", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation contractor commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Non-payment of bills for the past four years drove a contractor of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), Shaik Ramzani, to suicide in Chintal Bathi on Monday night.GHMC Transport Contractors' Association president Ramesh Kumar Tharad alleged that the contractor committed suicide as officials did not release Rs 9 lakh since 2008 despite repeated requests. The association demanded action against the erring GHMC officials and that all the pending bills be cleared immediately as contractors depend on bills to take up future works.When contacted, GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation) L Vandan Kumar said Shaik Ramzani's bills were kept pending as an inquiry by the Lokayukta and Vigilance and Enforcement department was going on into works taken up by the transport wing. He said this case was not an isolated one as several other bills worth Rs 9 crore were pertaining due to pending inquiries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671896", "title": "Analog pay channels go off air quietly", "text": "KOLKATA: Never mind the state government diktat to multi-service operators against stopping analog transmission, a slew of pay channels has gone off air in houses that have not gone digital yet.Analog transmission of sports channels went off a couple of weeks ago and on Monday, kids and English news channels followed suit in tune with the information and broadcasting ministry's schedule. MSOs told TOI that they will also stop transmission of all English movie channels in analog on Thursday. It is only thereafter that the roll-out plan will encounter hiccups as a determined state government prepares to foil the Centre's attempt to enforce digitization without taking the state government into confidence.\"What should have been a combined initiative to phase out analog channels and go completely digital has turned into a political tussle with the state opposing I&B;'s plan and the Centre refusing to initiative a dialogue with state authorities. As a result, the industry is facing threat from both quarters,\" said an MSO official.While the state government has been urging MSOs to continue seeding set-top boxes at home and target a year-end deadline, following with analog channels were to phased out progressively, with the Centre targeting the state for refusing to act against chit funds, the state hit back on Monday as minister Firhad Hakim warned MSOs against the switch-off.\"On the one hand, we face the threat of losing our license from the I&B; ministry if we do not stick to the switchover deadline. On the other hand, disregarding the wishes of the state government is not an option as it will become difficult to conduct business. While both sides have valid arguments for and against the digital roll-out, it is they who need to sit, talk and arrive at a solution rather than train the gun on MSOs,\" another industry stakeholder said.What has, however, gone unnoticed is the calm despite many homes being unable to tune into the recently concluded India-England Test series. SitiCable and GTPL that provide connections to nearly 18 lakh homes, of which 4-5 lakh are yet to go digital, did provide analog feed of sports channels.These two MSOs as well as DEN have also not been transmitting English channels - news, movies and entertainment - to homes that do not have set-top boxes. Sony, which has popular entertainment channels in Hindi as well, has also been missing from homes with analog feed for a while now.\"While some protests are likely if Bengali entertainment and news channels in analog transmission are switched off, the partial switch-off has demonstrated that wide-scale unrest is unlikely until it is politically orchestrated. Hence, the phase-out programme will continue till it is time to switch off some Hindi and Bengali channels,\" said another MSO.What has irked all stakeholders, including subscribers, is the state government's refusal to spell out a deadline. With the state only announcing its opposition to immediate digitization switch, the momentum in seeding of set-top boxes has also been lost. \"Major MSOs have managed to seed 75-80% boxes. The rest will happen only when the analog channels go off. Also, there is a 10-15% mismatch between the original subscriber base announced by cable operators and the revised estimates being handed out now. One just can't continue to wait endlessly till every home has a box because that is never going to happen voluntarily,\" an industry official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672097", "title": "Car catches fire; traffic goes out of gear", "text": "HYDERABAD: Traffic came to a grinding halt at SR Nagar after a Ford Fiesta suddenly caught fire in the middle of the road on Tuesday night.Sweta, a housewife from Marredpally, was driving the car when the incident happened. ''At around 9 pm, she noticed smoke coming from the engine and stopped the car near SR Nagar X roads. Soon the engine was engulfed in flames,'' SR Nagar inspector Prabhakar said.Sweta, wife of a techie, was returning home after attending a function at Yellamma temple near SR Nagar.A fire tender from Sanathnagar was rushed to the spot and the flames were put out by 9.45 pm. No casualties were reported, but till 10.20 pm traffic moved at a snail's pace on the busy Punjagutta-SR Nagar stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17672683", "title": "Labourer found dead", "text": "KANPUR: A 33-year-old labourer who had gone missing on Monday was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Chaubeypur area on Tuesday morning. The body of the deceased, Kalideen, a resident of Chaubeypur was found in the area, police said.\"We received a call from a passerby in the morning hours and rushed to the spot. We have sent the body for postmortem. Further investigations are underway,\" said a senior police officer.Cops said that prime facie it appears that man was murdered, but they refused to comment on the cause of death as they were awaiting the postmortem report. Sources said that it appeared that the body had been dumped in the area after the murder. However, cops maintained that all angles were being probed including personal enmity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "17670289", "title": "RJD MLC observes fast to protest curbing of powers of panchayati raj functionaries", "text": "DARBHANGA: RJD MLC Mishri Lal Yadav observed 24-hour fast at Laheriasarai Tower Chowk beginning Monday noon to protest curtailment of power of the three-tier panchayati raj functionaries and non-payment of salary and allowances to them.Large number of mukhiyas, ward members of various panchayats of this district and other functionaries accompanied MLC Yadav in his fast. Yadav speaking on this occasion said panchayati raj system in this state has been made powerless and all the powers have been hijacked by the government officials. This has led to weakening of the democratic system. Yadav charged that administrative and financial powers of 29 departments have not been transferred to the three-tier panchayati raj violating the provisions of Bihar State Panchayati Raj Act-2006. Village courts (gram kachahari) have been made toothless. Sarpanchs have hardly any power.MLC demanded that the village sarpanch should be given power equivalent to first class judicial magistrate and adequate fund for contingent expenses of the village court should be given annually to each of the village courts. Even after six years of enactment of the Bihar State Panchayati Raj Act-2006, the state government has failed to implement the provisions of this Act, making a mockery of the panchayati raj system. No allowances are being given to panchayati raj representatives. In over 90% panchayats, there is neither panchayat building nor any building for village court, charged Yadav. Wherever court runs it runs on village chowk. The MLC further said he will continue his fight till all the provisions of the Act are brought to the surface.Radha Mohan Chaudhary, district president of Mukhiya Association, ratified the statements and versions of MLC Yadav and assured him of full support in his fight for strengthening the panchayati raj system. District secretary of Mukhiya Association, Ahmad Ali Tamanee charged that false cases are being lodged against panchayat representatives. Panchayati raj system in this state is gasping &amp; attempts are being made to throttle the system. The 24-hour-fast concluded on Tuesday noon. Large number of mukhiyas, sarpanches, ward members &amp; others observed the fast along with MLC Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17672064", "title": "Cookie, Where are you?", "text": "INDORE: Buoyed by the response to the post on missing pug 'Bozo,' yet another pet owner took to social websites to hunt for its missing pet Dachshund named 'Cookie.'\"Her name is Cookie. She has gone missing from our residence at Khatiwala Tank on December 18 at around 8am. She's a very calm and friendly 3-year-old Dachshund. She's black in colour with little brown specks on face and legs. And yes, she barks aloud. Please contact us on the following numbers, whenever and wherever you get to locate her.\" This was the status message posted on Facebook along with the pet's photograph by Bharat Baswani, owner of the dog within a few hours from when it was found to be absconding.\"Like every morning, today too Cookie had gone out to stroll but little did we know that she won't come back at all. Only after an hour did my brother inform that she's gone missing. And post that we've been looking for her anywhere and everywhere. But alas, we've not been able to locate her. She was the apple of our eye and the loss is absolutely unbearable.\" informs Bharat.To which Mohit Baswani, Bharat's brother adds, \"Some of our neighbours are saying that she was chased by a few stray dogs while others inform that they'd seen an unidentified group of guys trying to lure her. Though, we somehow feel, she's been stolen. We haven't lodged any FIR but if she does not return within a day or two then we will take this matter to the police and also put up posters and give newspaper ads etc.\" Ask him why a post on the social networking site and not an FIR in the very first place and Mohit counters, \"Only because of the fact that the outreach of these sites is much widespread as compared to an FIR. Within a few minutes after the update we got 100+ shares by friends and friends of friends. Even those who don't know her have showed their concern and we've even put up a reward on her return. So now we're just praying for her homecoming!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17672795", "title": "I am no fortnight ka raja: Siddaiah", "text": "BANGALORE: Higher education principal secretary Siddaiah , who has been given additional charge as commissioner of BBMP for 15 days, got down to brass tacks on Tuesday.Siddaiah met health minister Aravind Limbavali and urged him to get Mandur villagers to agree to the extension by three months of the February 1 deadline for dumping garbage in the village.Seeking to send a strong message that he means business , Siddaiah earlier held a review meeting of civic officials . \"Don't think that I am commissioner for just 15 days. Don't cheat BBMP through your lethargy . I will not entertain the durbar of officials who sit at home and dictate terms to juniors . Do not create yet another problem through your inefficiency,\" Siddaiah said, lending weight to theories that he is here to stay at the helm of BBMP.With Bangalore being a tourist hub, the issue of garbage and image of BBMP cannot be taken lightly , he said. \"We will require a minimum six months to solve the garbage issue. Approval has been given to start a waste processing unit in 600 acres of land in Koratagere. Besides, we must also focus more on waste segregation at all levels,\" sources quoted Siddaiah as saying in the meeting.CM meeting city MLAs todayWith an eye on the assembly elections due in May next year, chief minister Jagadish Shettar has convened a breakfast meeting of BJP MLAs representing Bangalore City on Wednesday. The breakfast will be hosted at Krishna, the CM's home-office. \"We have been seeking CM's time for a meeting for long. Development issues like funds for roads and drainage would be discussed,\" a BJP MLA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672302", "title": "Hotels told to keep 10% rooms for the district administration", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi discussed Maha Kumbh preparations with hotel owners on Tuesday. He told the owners that 10% of the hotel rooms should be reserved for district administration. The rooms for the district administration would be booked by additional district magistrate. If the rooms were not booked a day prior to the due date, then the hotel management can book the rooms with the consent of the tourism department/ADM.The divisional commissioner told the owners in case the hotels/lodges/guest houses were not registered, then the same should be done under the Sarai Act at ADM (City) office.District magistrate Raj Shekhar said no room should be booked without checking the photo identity and the mobile number of the customers. Further, arrangement for installation of CCTV should also be made in the hotel. He also said that child labour laws should not be violated.The officials told the owners to maintain the quality of food and said food inspector would check the same at hotels and food outlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17670584", "title": "IAAF reviewing India situation", "text": "BANGALORE: The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) on Tuesday said it is reviewing the situation in India following the sports ministry's decision to set aside the election of principal office-bearers of Athletics Federation of India (AFI) and said it won't recognize a national body that is not elected properly.\"The IAAF constitution states, in Article 4, that members are 'national governing bodies for athletics which have been democratically elected in accordance with their constitutions and which agree to abide by the IAAF constitution and rules and regulations.' For the IAAF, this is the case,\" Nick Davies, IAAF's Communication Director said.Davies also said that the world body didn't have any doubts regarding the AFI elections held in April including those of the president and secretary which were not recognized by the ministry.\"The IAAF does not have any issue with the AFI elections which were carried out in respect of IAAF procedures. Regarding any possible action by IAAF (due to the government action) we are currently reviewing the situation internally,\" he told TOI.Asked about the possible consequences arising out of the ministry's action, Davies said: \"Article 4 states that 'a national governing body (including its executive body) which has not been so elected, even on an interim basis, shall not be recognised by the IAAF'.\"The official also said IAAF has intervened to ensure the independence of its members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17671554", "title": "Instagram move raises privacy concerns", "text": "Popular photo-sharing network Instagram has revealed that it may allow advertisers to use pictures of its users without any notification. \"Some or all of the service may be supported by advertising revenue. To help us deliver interesting paid or sponsored content or promotions, you agree that a business or other entity may pay us to display your username, likeness, photos (along with any associated metadata), and/or actions you take in connection with paid or sponsored content or promotions, without any compensation to you,\" Instagram's new terms of use state.According to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , the service has over 100 million users.Instagram also said it may not always identify paid services or sponsored content. The company said it does not claim ownership of any content on the service, though some businesses may pay to display users' names, likeness or photos in connection with sponsored content. The new policy changes, which apply to users as young as 13, raise privacy and security concerns, Jeffrey Chester, executive director for the Center for Digital Democracy, a US-based consumer protection and privacy organization which focuses on such issues, said.The only way to opt out of the new Instagram terms is to not use the service, wrote The New York Times. If you log into Instagram in any way, including through the website, mobile applications or any other services offered by Instagram, you agree to have your content used in ads. The move saw a backlash on social networks as well on the Instagram blog.(With agency inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673116", "title": "Corridors for buses on both sides of roads to ease traffic", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), an ambitious project of the Samajwadi Party government aimed at better traffic management, is all set to take off over the next seven months with the Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) finally negotiating and settling on the financial bid proposed by the consultant appointed, UMTC Ltd, a Delhi-based firm. As per officials, the proposal would shortly be sent to the cabinet for approval and cleared in about a week.BRTS was proposed by the SP government in March this year. Under the project, dedicated corridors would be constructed on both sides of the roads exclusively for buses, while the rest of the road would be used by a mix of other traffic. An official said a major challenge in constructing these corridors was to have wide and even roads across the city, which is a distant dream for Lucknow at present.The corridors are expected to run across the city extending even to the outskirts. Such corridors with an extensive BRTS are implemented successfully in cities like Ahmadabad, Guwahati, Bhopal and Pune while it is being constructed in Jaipur. This was set up in Delhi too ahead of the Commonwealth Games and was partially operational but the project received a lot of criticism for the effect it had on other motor traffic.LDA is the nodal agency for preparing the project. Once approved, work on the project will begin over months. In the meantime, the consultant would conduct feasibility study and prepare the DPR (Detailed Project Report). Reportedly, amid a secretly convened meeting on Monday, a high-powered committee headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani has finally given green signal to the BRTS project after negotiating the financial bid quoted by the consultant appointed. The committee was set up by Akhilesh Yadav in June to prepare the project.An LDA official said, \"The exact cost would be worked out once the consultant prepares his DPR. It is estimated that on a straight stretch of road of 1 km, the cost evaluated is Rs 15-20 crore which can go up to Rs 50 crore per km if it is an elevated road stretch.\" Officials confirmed that requisite funds for the project would be availed from the World Bank .In March, the state government had roped in Ahmadabad based-CEPT (Centre for Environment Planning and Technology) to conduct feasibility study of BRTS in four major cities- Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra and Varanasi. Among all mass rapid transit systems, BRTS is considered to be the most cost-effective and environment-friendly project. The most challenging part is its implementation after being constructed.A senior official commented, \"We aim to construct a successful BRTS in Lucknow, but the biggest problem is to adhere to traffic norms. Once the corridors are ready, it would be challenging to ensure that these are used strictly by buses and not other motors.\" In a city dominated by politicians, government officials and public servants, it would be difficult to stop high profile persons trespassing these corridors, added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672520", "title": "New hope for families of four missing sailors", "text": "CHENNAI: The families of four Indian sailors, who were reported missing after their vessel was caught in a cyclone off the Oman coast in June 2011, now have hope. They have been told that the ship didn't sink in the cyclone as believed and that the sailors, including Sridhar Sahayaraj (30) of Royapuram in Chennai, were safe.A tape containing the telephone conversation between a representative of the company that owns the vessel and Prashanth Singh, son of vessel captain Jespal Singh, has been submitted before the directorate-general of shipping (DG Shipping). Prashanth Singh claimed that the officials to whom he submitted the tape did not even acknowledge the concern of families.Jyothi, the company official who was also involved in the recruitment of sailors, told Prashanth Singh that the vessel was still running trade operations. \"If you check the IMO (International Maritime Organisation) number of the vessel, you will find she is still doing trade,\" she says in the recorded conversation. The number helps track the location of vessels using the IMO data base. Ocean Star, which flew the flag of the Democratic Republic of Korea, had seven Indian sailors on board when it was caught in a cyclone around Socotra lsland off Oman on June 26, 2011. The vessel, bound for Bossaso in Somalia from Karachi, was formerly called MV Furie. Three of the seven-member crew had different tales to tell after they returned home. Charles Albert from Kanyakumari said they spent 10 days on a rescue boat, while the second, from Bihar, said they were rescued by Omani boats. The third claimed to have seen the ship sinking. Documents with Manoj Joy of Sailors Helpline, who is reportedly familiar with the case, show that the vessel was traced at two locations in the Mediterranean three months after the accident and \"vanished later\". Joy said the mystery behind the vessel pointed to a fraud to which the Indian government was turning a blind eye even now. \"DG Shipping has no proper system to take action against fraudulent agencies who recruit desperate jobseekers and to blacklist fake vessels. It is human trafficking and many of these sailors are living like slaves on board,\" he said.Since the accident in July 2012, families of the four missing sailors have been running from pillar to post for help. Chennai-based sailor Sahayaraj's mother Chandra, who approached the chief minister's cell and the Union shipping ministry, came to know about the tragedy from a report on a TV channel after three weeks of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17671614", "title": "13-yr-old's suicide leaves family clueless", "text": "NAGPUR: A 13-year-old boy committed suicide on Monday evening, soon after his exam result was declared. However, there's a question mark over the real cause of suicide, since he had passed the exam, though with average scores. There is suspicion that he was afraid of the consequences after he damaged his mother's car while trying to drive it in the afternoon.Abhay Bajaj, a standard IX student of Paranjpe School, was an average student and was not known to worry about his scores. The teenager's suicide came to light on Monday evening when his father Kishore returned home at Laxmi Nagar at around 7.45pm.Bajaj, a professor at a private college, was stunned when he saw Abhay hanging from the ceiling hook with his mother's dupatta. His cries alerted the neighbours, who rushed to bring Abhay down, but it was too late.Before taking him to the hospital, neighbours informed Rana Pratap Nagar police. Cops took him to Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH), where he was declared brought dead by doctors.The suicide came on the day of Abhay's results. However, his uncle Yogesh Malpani claimed that the boy must have been afraid of the scolding from his parents since he damaged his mother's car. He said that his results were normal.Malpani said that after coming from school, Abhay tried to drive a car kept inside the compound. \"He started the engine and tried to reverse, but hit the rear wall. Later, he must have driven forward and hit the other wall. Hence, in fear, he might have ended his life,\" said Malpani.He said that the family was initially clueless about the reason for the suicide. Later, they saw the damaged car and even found some blood stains in the car. He said that a construction labourer also told them that he had seen the boy trying to drive the car.\"This forces us to think that he ended his life due to the fear of scolding,\" added Malpani. No suicide note was found.In an unrelated incident, just a day earlier, 22-year-old Sheryn Chavhan, a BCCA student, had hanged herself in depression after she failed to clear the first year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17670910", "title": "Noida schools told to screen drivers", "text": "NOIDA: After the horrific gang-rape of a 23-year-old student in Delhi by a schoolbus driver and his friends , the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration has asked all schools to intensify the screening of the bus drivers and conductors they employ. The schools have been given a week to take adequate action and implement the Supreme Court guidelines, failing which the vehicles will be seized and the administration prosecuted.The district administration has ordered all schools to ensure that the name of the school is mentioned prominently at the front and the back of the buses. All school buses should be coloured yellow and the driver should be in uniform. Also, the driver's credentials must be verified thoroughly before being given employment. \"When the running of the bus is outsourced, then the school must ensure that the verification of the transporter is done thoroughly by the school. They also need to maintain a database of all bus drivers and conductors,\" said Pushpraj Singh, city magistrate, Noida.The administration reiterated the necessity of following the existing guidelines put forth by the apex court. As per these guidelines, buses must have a first-aid box and a fire extinguisher, the windows must be fitted with horizontal grills while the doors should have reliable locks. The seats in the buses should have a space underneath them for school bags, while an attendant from the school must be present along with a parent or a guardian.Drives conducted by the RTO and traffic police have consistently found that these guidelines are not followed. According to data released by the Regional Transport Office till August 2011, out of the total 473 school/college vehicles plying in Noida, 176 were found unfit. While more recently in September 2012, the traffic police found that out of the total 452 buses checked during a state-wide drive, a total of 131 were found unfit.Officials, however, claimed otherwise and said they conduct surprise drives and regular checking before the beginning of the school year to ensure safety of the school vehicles. \"A vehicle is not registered as a school bus unless all the guidelines are followed. We will ensure that the new directions are followed by the schools,\" said V K Singh, regional transport officer, Ghaziabad who also looks after G B Nagar.Schools admitted that there are practical considerations to be taken into account in their effort to monitor privately contracted school buses.Meanwhile, the Noida SSP has written to the RTO to install CCTV cameras in entry and exit points of all buses in the city. However, activists argued that making cities safe is not just a matter of policing but also of changing attitudes towards crime against women.The district police have in the past conducted various drives to try and curb crime against women. In fact, the Greater Noida Police launched an anti-eve-teasing drive on December 8. In the ongoing drive, policemen in plainclothes patrol the city to catch men misbehaving with women.However, activists believe that policing is not enough. \"The punishment against rape needs to be swift and severe. There should be zero tolerance against such crimes and the mindset that believes that 'it is the woman's fault' needs to change,\" said Mala Bhandari, an activist who works on gender issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17672598", "title": "Civic body to appeal against District medical officer's rejection of proposals", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city corporation has locked horns with the district medical officer over the rejection of proposals it submitted to the DMO office for vetting. It plans to appeal against the move with the state-level committee.The DMO has rejected three projects envisaged for 2012-'13 in the health sector, citing that the proposals lack clarity and an unqualified employee in the health department has been entrusted with their implementation. The DMO office said the city corporation had entrusted the task to a health supervisor, who is below the rank of health officer.A panel of health officials headed by DMO had rejected the plans. One of the major proposals rejected was of Rs 30 lakh to purchase homoeo, ayurvedic and allopathic medicines to distribute it among public through its eight dispensaries. Another proposal vetoed pertains to the purchase of items for Rs 22 lakh to carry out a drive against zoonotic diseases, which also includes purchasing rat poison and bleaching power besides another Rs 22-lakh project to purchase equipment to carry out the cleaning drive. The corporation had earmarked Rs 2.17 crore to take up various projects in the health sector.DMO P K Mohanan said the civic body submitted the project for vetting on December 15. \"We rejected the proposal as the DMO doesn't have the capacity to approve the project, which involves huge funding and is executed by an unqualified hand. We have rejected the proposal to purchase medicine on the ground after the civic authority failed to produce the list of medicines they want to purchase. Another proposal of purchasing equipment to carry out an anti-zoonotic disease drive was rejected as purchasing of equipment to remove filth and mud won't come directly under the health section. If something goes wrong, its liability will fall on officials who approved the projects,'' he said.Health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni said the proposals were rejected because the officials failed to understand the projects clearly.Mayor A K Premajam said it is a known fact that the civic body doesn't have a health officer and the health supervisor is carrying out the duty. \"We have submitted repeated memorandums to the state government to appoint a health officer. We have been executing projects in the absence of health officer. The civic body will submit an appeal in the state-level committee headed by the directorate of health services,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670129", "title": "Despite funds, civic students fair poorly in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC spends over Rs 50,000 per student annually but all this money still doesn't help better the pass percentages in municipality schools, say findings by Praja Foundation, a non-profit organization. Released on Tuesday, the figures showed that while the budget allocation in municipal schools has increased by 165% in the last 5 years, student dropout rates are on the rise, while the pass percentage has been low.The information sourced through a Right to Information (RTI) query, showed that the BMC spends Rs 53,335 per student every year while private aided schools in Mumbai charge an average of Rs 15,000 to Rs 36,000 as fees per year. Despite this, the average pass percentage of students over the past 5 years in private schools is 82% while that of BMC schools is only 58%. \"Our white paper on the state of education in Mumbai's municipal schools reveals the sheer magnitude of apathy and mismanagement of education by the civic body. Clearly, money is not the issue here,\" said Nitai Mehta, managing trustee of Praja Foundation.The findings also revealed that most BMC schools have a good student-teacher ratio of around 35:1, and even though teachers are well-trained in most teaching attributes, the success rate in the schools has not improved.\"In the D ward (Malabar Hill, Grant Road, Nepean Sea Road), over 84% teachers received good to excellent reports on most teaching attributes including explaining subject matter, and use of teaching methods. Yet, not only is the success rate in these schools very low, they also have the highest drop-out rate at 11.5%,\" said Milind Mhaske, the NGO's project coordinator.Mhaske also added that while the the civic body is utilizing all the funds for training its teachers and paying its staff, there is very little output in the form of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17673026", "title": "Cops make no headway in Cuffe Parade rapes", "text": "MUMBAI: The Colaba and Cuffe Parade police had arrested three persons for the rape and murder of three minor girls. But they had to discharge two of them since their DNA tests turned out to be negative; the third, currently in jail, will also be discharged soon.The three girls were residents of Cuffe Parade. While two resided at Ambedkar Nagar , the third was a resident of Machchhimar Nagar. Police said that one girl was kidnapped on October 20 last year and her body was found on November 13, another was kidnapped on January 17 this year and the next day was found dead, and the third was kidnapped on April 19 this year and her body was found after a few hours. The police are yet to make any breakthrough in these cases that shocked the city.\"Two cases were registered with the Cuffe Parade, while the third was registered with the Colaba police. We arrested Sonu Verma and Yusuf for the Cuffe Parade cases, while Tarun Malik was arrested for the Colaba case. Their DNA samples were taken, but Verma and Yusuf were discharged after their reports were negative. We have deployed more than 200 personnel for day/night patrolling and are taking the help of NGOs,\" said Krishna Prakash, additional commissioner of police (south region ).The three cases created fear among residents in these areas. \"After we deployed policemen, we conducted a census of minor girls and boys, and rounded up suspects. There has not been a single attempt of kidnapping or any kind of sexual abuse of minor girls after that,\" said Prakash. The DNA in only two cases is similar. \"It means there are different accused for the cases,\" he added.The police have collected DNA samples of 1,016 suspects and sent them for forensic analysis. However, investigators have got reports of only 363 cases, and all were negative. \"We have also compiled a list of minors whose parents are either no more or separated. Such children live with grandparents or relatives ; we have made inquiries with the relatives but there has not been any headway,\" admitted Prakash. The police have also recorded statements of over 2,550 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672981", "title": "What the accused did after the crime", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 'joyride' of the rapists had started early on Sunday evening and they were looking for potential targets. Their interrogation has revealed that before picking up the couple from Munirka bus stand at 9.15 pm and raping the girl, these men had picked up a man from R K Puram and robbed him before throwing him out of the bus.The bus used to ply mainly in Noida and Delhi but driver Ram Singh often brought it to his own house in Ravidas Camp in R K Puram and parked it there.\"Being Sunday, he and his helper, Akshay Thakur alias Bihari, had cooked a chicken dish and had a small party, along with Ram Singh's younger brother, Mukesh, a driver-cum-helper. They decided to go for a joyride and also make some quick money by giving lift to people so that they could buy some more liquor. Akshay then took out the vehicle and Vinay, Raju, another cleaner, and Pawan alias Kaloo joined them for the ride. Finally, they left with Mukesh driving the bus. It was around 8.15 pm. They are all friends and live in the neighbourhood,\" said police commissioner Neeraj Kumar.Kumar said that after leaving R K Puram's Sector 3, they spotted a man, Ramadhir Singh, a carpenter living in Sangam Vihar, waiting for a bus at RK Puram Sector 4. \"They pretended to be running a chartered bus and Singh asked them if they were headed for Nehru Place. They ushered him in asking for Rs 10 as fare. Once he was inside, they forcibly took away Rs 7,500 and mobile phone from him and then threw him out of the bus near IIT Delhi around 8.45 pm. They then took rounds of the Hauz Khas area,\" said DCP South Chhaya Sharma.Ramadhir Singh reportedly neither made a PCR call, nor asked for any help. If he had done so, the gangrape that was to follow may have been prevented. The accused then drove the bus to Munirka and picked up the couple around 9.15 pm.When the man, who was accompanying the girl, objected to the six men passing lewd comments at her, things began going out of hand. \"The gang asked the couple why were they travelling so late. When the man told them not to bother and mind their own business, the men picked up a fight and the boy was hit on the head. The girl protested and fought with them to save her friend but was also hit. The girl even bit Ram Singh on his hand,\" said a source.\"The goons then dragged the girl to a seat in the rear where they sexually assaulted her,\" said the source.After assaulting them and dumping them at Mahipalpur around 10.15 pm, Ram Singh and Akshay dropped the other five at their houses before parking the vehicle at the owner's place in Noida, where it was later washed to get rid of bloodstains and other evidence.The police said they have recovered forensic evidence like nail scratchings, DNA, hair and lot of other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17672137", "title": "Pipelines will carry sewage from slums", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has taken up pollution of Waldevi river and has said it would resolve the problem in eight days by constructing pipelines in the slums.Chairman of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee, Uddhav Nimse, corporator ( Shiv Sena ) Suryakant Lavate, in-charge superintending engineer of the water supply and sewerage department U B Pawar and other officials visited the river at the insistence of corporators.Nimse instructed Pawar to submit plans for connecting pipelines with the estimates of expenditure. \"The waste water from the slum in Rokdobawadi is released into the river and some waste water is also released from the artillery centre. We have decided to submit the estimate for pipelines in the slums to address the issue,\" said U B Pawar. Lavate said that the civic officials assured that the problem would be solved in eight days. \"They said that they would stop sewage water from flowing into the river. Five months ago, the municipal commissioner also visited the spot and said that he would solve the problem at the earliest. Despite him instructing the officials to do the needful, nothing was done. There are many slums in this area by the riverside and the entire waste water goes directly to the river,\" Lavate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17673137", "title": "Ex-sarpanch hangs himself from a tree near his house", "text": "PONDA: Dilip Shankar Gaude, 43, a former sarpanch of Durbhat village panchayat in Ponda taluka, allegedly committed suicide behind his house at Madhalawada-Agapur on Tuesday.He was the sarpanch of Durbhat village panchayat for about one-and-a-half year. After the general elections to village panchayats on May 5, 2007, he was chosen the first sarpanch of the village panchayat. On December 12, 2008, he resigned from office to make way for his successor, Pramod Naik.Ponda police said that his body was found hanging from a tree with a nylon rope, about 60 metres away from his house. . Quoting his neighbours, the police revealed that Gaude was missing since morning, and that his family members spotted him hanging on Tuesday afternoon.Gaude was married and is survived by his aged parents, wife and two minor daughters.The police have retrieved the body and preserved it in the morgue of the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Wednesday. Police said that the reason for the suicide was not known.A case of unnatural death has been registered at the Ponda police station under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). Ponda PSI Mohan Gaude is conducting investigations into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17671594", "title": "Case against professor for defaming IAS officer on FB", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have registered a case against a Chandigarh professor for using Facebook to allegedly malign the image of Vikas Ahlawat, an IAS officer.Ahlawat lodged a complaint against Gagandeep Gill, associate professor, at MCM DAV college, for allegedly posting a defamatory message.\"I am not on good terms with my wife Anupama Ahlawat and am undergoing a civil suit for divorce in the district court since 2010. In June, a couple of my friends informed me about having received a message on Facebook which was defaming and threatening. I then lodged a complaint with the cybercrime cell,\" said Ahlawat.\"The Facebook post in question came from a profile of one Gagandeep Gill. Now, we have forwarded the case to the police station concerned for registration of the case,\" said %inspector Suresh, in charge %of Gurgaon Police's cybercrime cell .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17673364", "title": "Pavneet gets achiever\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s trophy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Indus World School, Ludhiana, was abuzz with activity as the finalists for Talent Hunt 2012 poured with parents and children equally excited to attend the grand finale.Music and instruments were tuned in, costume and other queries put in, and everything was in place for this majestic event at the school premises. The entire school wore a festive look as the parents and children walked in for the first of its kind mega event in collaboration with The Times of India.The children had already gone through the prelim round on December 9 and had been selected for the finals by a panel of judges.The participants were full of enthusiasm and energy as they gave their final performances to claim the coveted prizes. Students showcased their innate talents in a number of events ranging from music and dances to art &amp; craft and theatre. Children from ages five to 17 competed in three different age groups. It was a vibrant and lively sight watching children dressed in multi-coloured attires and costumes all decked up and waiting eagerly for their performances.It was an amazing and remarkable event as students cheered, clapped and supported each performer as they rocked the stage. The winners in singing category were Aditi, Maahir Pal, Gurkit and Gagandeep Singh, while Dhwani, Nandini and Gunjan won in the dance category. For instrumental music, the winners were Raza Pal on keyboard, Sugam on drums and Prabhjot on the sitar. In arts &amp; craft category, Syna, Simerpreet and Bhawdeep were declared the best. Meanwhile, Gurpreet Singh was awarded for his excellent performance in theatre, while Ishita and Yashika were hailed for their poems. Pavneet was applauded for her powerpoint presentation on \"Genetically modified crops\" and since she created the presentation on-the-spot she was honoured with the Achiever's Trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad (mela area)", "code": "17672247", "title": "Historic day, spiritual moment, pious mood converges at Sangam", "text": "ALLAHABAD (MELA AREA): It was a much awaited event considering it happens once in 12 years. The first three akharas out of 16 of Sanatan dharma, including Panch Dasnam, Juna Akhara of Awan and Agni Akhara, made their official entry into the Maha Kumbh area ushered by a Shankaracharya and 40 Maha Mandaleshwars. By all standards it was a historic occasion, in the backdrop of the fact that the occasion was chosen to coincide with the most auspicious period, 'Sarvashrestha Mahurt' on Tuesday. Escorted by more than 2,000 Naga sadhus holding staffs and spears and carrying the traditional 'dharma dhwaj' (saffron flag) the Peshwai (entry) of the akhara was marked with fervour and zeal as the entourage which assembled near Mauja Giri ashram made its way into the mela area.The pujan ceremony which took place on the ashram campus began with offerings to Lord Dattatreya, the mythical god of akharas in vedic tradition amidst recitation of mantras and shlokas. This was followed by pujan of Pratima (idol), 'charan-chihna' and 'yantra' of the deity under the supervision of Shankarcharya of Kashi Sumeru Peeth, Swami Narendranand and Acharya of Juna Akhara Swami Avadheshanand Giri, who led the ceremony.Sharing the details with TOI, mahant of Juna Akhara Swami Prem Giri said importance of 'mela nagar pravesh' on 'sarvashreshtha mahurt' can be gauged from the fact that wishes of those who enter the city along with the sadhus are fulfilled by Lord Dattatreya.This has been mentioned explicitly in the 'dharmashastras' (scriptures) and 'jyotish' (astrological) texts.Stating that Mahakumbh is the occasion when there is abundance of 'gyan amrit' (nectar of knowledge) as saints gather to discuss the present and changing paradigms of religion.Secondly, restraint must be followed in language used by saints and they should refrain from using inappropriate words. Finally, 'charan amrit' or holy nectar would be spilled all over the area during auspicious snans (bathing days).Dwelling on the history of akharas, he said they were established 2,500 years back by Adi Shankaracharya to counter the onslaught of other sects which had relegated Sanatan Hindu Dharma to the background. Since then akharas have been revered as the protagonist and protector of Hindu faith and true guardians of Sanatan dharma.The entourage accompanied by more than a thousand vehicles, horses, camels, elephants and Naga sadhus slowly made their way to the mela area where they would be camping during the event.Devotees and locals had lined up along the entire route to catch a glimpse of the procession where Naga Sadhus riding elephants and camels accompanied by more than a dozen musical bands playing in the background moved along.Amidst the procession, sadhus carrying swords, staffs and spears presented a scintillating display of their martial skills while their younger counterparts presented their act riding horses, leaving bystanders impressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17671996", "title": "An impromptu art feast for the eye", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Inspiration, they say, can strike at any hour, and when an artist has barely 10 days to produce a marvelous piece of work, instinct teamed with a sudden burst of inspiration is the perfect combination. Fifty-one artists from Ahmedabad and Vadodara got together to put up 'Art Affair'\u00e2\u20ac\u201dan almost impromptu show at Amdavad ni Gufa and displayed two works each in black and white.\"This slot opened up just last week at the gallery and we didn't want it to go to waste. So we got in touch with all our artist friends and decided to put up a show,\" said Ronak Sopariwala, one of the artists. It is also an exhibition of affordable art and the drawings and paintings range from Rs 1,000-9,000 per piece.All the works are in 10X10.5\" size and reflect either some artists' expertise in working in black and white or some artists' challenge in moving away from colour and larger surfaces. Varying from portraits, architecture, nature, technology, fashion and abstract, the works are a good mix of personality and mood.\"My works are usually based on cinemascapes and I like to work with war themes,\" said Ravi Sachula whose paintings at the exhibition feature movie stills of silent screen legend Charlie Chaplin . Sopariwala's works display a man's fighting spirit in the form of a tree, Milan Desai's works feature one from his 'Fossil of the Future' series and the thought process of his son at the sight of an injured dog, Kishan Soni's water colour and pen on paper present the fashion industry while Arpita Bhavsar's pieces emphasize the contours and textures of the trunk of a tree. The exhibition is on till December 23 at the Gufa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17672759", "title": "'Abraham will get security'", "text": "Social activist TJ Abraham will be provided with security , police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji told the special Lokayukta court on Tuesday.Abraham had submitted before the court that police are not providing him protection despite threats to his life. He complained that three former chief ministers and 27 others were involved in irregularities in the Mysore-Bangalore Infrastructure Corridor (BMIC) project promoted by Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises (NICE), following which an inquiry had been ordered into the issue.Judge NK Sudhindra Rao, who heard Mirji's oral submission , asked Abraham's counsel whether the issue may be closed following the submission.Counsel KV Dhananjay said it is pertinent for any petitioner to appear for the judicial process without any fear and wanted the police commissioner to submit an undertaking before the court. However, the judge said as police have assured protection to his client, it can be construed as a promise to extend support.Abraham told the court that he had written to the principal secretary of the home department and also to the police commissioner about his apprehension that certain individuals were posing threat to his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17672462", "title": "Record voting puts Congress hold in Anand to the test", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Anand-the region once touted to be Congress's fort in Central Gujarat has recorded as high as 74.89 % voting.The sudden surge in voting has put to test the fate of Congress in the land from which the party had engineered the KHAM (Kshatriyas, Harijans, Adivasis and Muslims) alliance in Gujarat politics.The theory that BJP has always gained from higher voting has proved true in Anand district where the number of assembly segments have reduced to seven this assembly polls from the previously eight seats.The 74.89 % during this assembly election is 8.5 % more compared to the 2002 assembly election when the BJP had put up a stupendous performance in the district during the post-Godhra wave.With 66.33 % voting in 2002, BJP had won six out of eight seats including Anand, Khambhat, Petlad, Sarsa, Umreth and Sojitra while only two - Borsad and Bhadran seats had remained in the Congress's kitty. This had given a big setback to the Congress which earlier had six out of eight seats.BJP had made inroads in Anand district from the assembly segments of Anand and Khambhat.In 2007 assembly election, when the voting was 10.6 % less compared to the voting percent of this election, Congress had managed to improve its tally by two seats. This had taken its total strength to four seats in the district.With 64.22 % voting in 2007, Congress had captured back Petlad and Umreth while retaining its traditional strongholds - Borsad and Bhadran seats while the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) won the Sarsa seat.Post delimitation contours of almost all assembly seats in the district have changed. Interestingly, the newly formed Anklav seat has witnessed highest voting - 78.27 % in the district. Voting per cent at Sojitra, Petlad, Umreth, Anand city, Khambhat and Borsad is 77.62 %, 76.43 %, 74.05 %, 73.42 %, 73.08 % and 72.45 % respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17670604", "title": "Patna: The chaos capital", "text": "In what appears to be a side effect of 'sushasan', Patnaites are now flaunting their money and this reflects on the city roads more than anywhere else. And the powers that be do not seem to be serious about how to rid the city roads of the snarls, write Parul Pandey and Vithika SalomiPATNA: The perpetual chock-a-block situation on all major roads of the state capital has been tormenting Patnaites, for what feels like forever now! And while no fairy-tale solution seems to be on the cards to resolve the problem immediately, traffic officials say that a number of plans for traffic management are in the pipeline that will significantly mitigate the situation for the denizens of the capital. However, the light at the end of the tunnel seems distant!The overall traffic scenario of the city currently leaves a lot to be desired. \"We believe in hammering at the roots (of the problem), it may take some time, but once you get relief it will be permanent,\" said traffic SP Chandrika Prasad, who was recently in Delhi to attend a meeting at Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D;), where new ways of improving traffic situation across the country were discussed. A number of these plans would soon be implemented by the traffic police department (TPD) in Patna to streamline traffic situation in the city.Reckless driving by autorickshaw and bus drivers, lack of proper lane discipline and overtaking, encroachment, impatience among drivers, roadside (and not-so-side) parking, and apathy to following traffic rules make travelling a nightmarish experience on city roads. \"However, not everything is the responsibility of traffic police. True coordination among different departments is required to find a long-lasting solution,\" said Prasad.New technologies are being employed to improve the state of affairs in the state capital. While CCTV cameras have already been installed by the traffic police department near the Dakbungalow, railway station and IT roundabouts, Civil Court, R-Block, Vidhan Mandal, Old Secretariat and high court to keep a watch on commuters, 71 more cameras would soon come up at strategic points of the city. \"An application demanding more cameras has been sent to the SSP in November 2012. With electronic eyes, we would be able to keep a better watch on the vehicular movement,\" said traffic DSP 1, Rajvansh Singh.A state-of-the-art traffic software that would regulate interconnected traffic lights on the principle of coordination and communication is also proposed. More breath-analysers, speed gun radars, pollution checking machines and vehicles have also been demanded by the TPD. \"With an increase in the population of the city, we plan to make an inclusive management plan that will take into account all aspects of traffic management,\" said Singh, adding that a lot of problems are caused due to lack of awareness among drivers. He also suggested small parking places for rickshaws, autorickshaws and buses to reduce congestion on roads.While one traffic police station is already in place at Chhajjubagh, two more are proposed to come up at Zero mile and Shaguna Mor. The traffic police department, however, is acutely short-staffed when it comes to ground-level staff members in Patna to tackle traffic problems. Against the sanctioned posts of 400 homeguards and 660 constables, only 33 and 179, respectively, are employed. And there are only 24 assistant sub-inspectors and hawaldars each, against the approved 47 and 76 posts respectively. There are only 28 traffic sub-inspectors in Patna against a permitted strength of 74 SIs.Traffic jams seem to stretch forever during peak hours (officially 9.30-11.30am and 5-8pm, read all times) on the busiest city routes (like Station Road, Ashok Rajpath, IT roundabout, Dak Bungalow crossing etc). In fact, construction of flyovers and ROBs are also a temporary but major cause of traffic snarls in the city. While no definite date could be given by traffic officials to solve traffic hiccups facing the city, a feasible time frame by which the situation was expected to normalize was given as 2015. Till then, Patnaites can only pray for deliverance from the hellish traffic experiences!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17672499", "title": "Man tries to abduct girl, 7, sleeping in Koyambedu market", "text": "CHENNAI: A 32-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday for trying to kidnap a seven-year old girl at the Koyambedu market. The incident happened in the wee hours of Monday.A senior police officer said that around 3am on Monday, the girl was sleeping with her mother Shanthi (30), who sold flowers at the wholesale market, on a pavement when she suddenly woke up and realized she was being taken away by a man. \"She screamed loudly and several people who were sleeping on the platform came to her side,\" the officer said.The man, later identified as Mohammad Haja, was trying to take to the girl to a closed tea shop when some hawkers saw him. He was handed over to police. Haja, police said, was from Maharashtra. \"He is from a remote village in that state and came here for a job. But he appeared depressed as he could not find a job and was found roaming aimlessly,\" said an investigating officer.A case was registered under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and the man remanded in judicial custody.Local residents have urged police to tighten security in the market and the surrounding areas, including the Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus (CMBT). \"There is little monitoring here. Many people from other states come to the CMBT daily,\" they said.Most of the flower vendors in the Koyambedu market are from different parts of the city and state. Many are homeless and sleep on the pavements after finishing their business late at night. \"These people are vulnerable to such offences,\" said a police officer.Police said necessary steps would be taken to improve security and said night patrol teams would chase away any person found moving around suspiciously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17672879", "title": "48 hours on, cops fumble to trace accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Forty eight hours after a duo harassed a 23-year old BPO employee and tried to kidnap her while she was waiting for an autorickshaw, Chandigarh police are still groping in the dark and have failed to trace the accused. The incomplete registration number of the white coloured car in which the two youths were hasn't helped the cops in their trail.A special investigation team ( SIT), headed by a DSP rank official, was formed and three police parties dispatched to scrutinize the records of all the similar cars registered with registration and licensing authority (RLA) of Panchkula, Mohali, Patiala, Ambala and other neighbouring cities.The last digits of the youths' car were - 4000 - and these were noted down by the victim herself on December 16 when the incident took place. Meanwhile, the police department has kept the identity of the girl under warps following her verbal request. The Chandigarh police said absence of CCTV cameras at the dividing road of sector 44 and sector 45 has mad their investigation tougher.SHO of PS, Inspector Diwan Singh, said, \"Efforts are being made to trace the accused but in the absence of CCTV cameras at the entire stretch between the two sectors, we have failed to get any scientific clue about the vehicle.\"The BPO employee was returning from her friend's house in Sector 45 and waiting for an auto for her PG accommodation in Zirakpur at a dividing road of Sector 44/45 when two occupants of car had harassed her and tried to push her into their vehicle on December 16.Police sources said at the time of giving her statement to the police, the victim pleaded to keep her identity secret and policemen have not mentioned her cell phone number in the FIR, which was registered on her complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671348", "title": "Most victims are reluctant to lodge FIRs: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: In the last 11 months, the city's cyber police received 95 complaints of hacking. Of these, only 15 victims went ahead and lodged an FIR.Similarly, over 800 victims approached the police with complaints pertaining to cyber crimes but only 101 lodged FIRs under various sections of the Information Technology Act, 2000 (amended).A police officer said that in most cases, the social networking accounts of individuals had been hacked. \"Netizens come to us with their complaints, but are reluctant to convert them into FIRs. This year, we registered only 15 FIRs. However, we work on all the complaints we receive,\" said a police officer.In Mumbai, at least six bank websites were hacked temporarily this year. \"In some cases, the hackers use a technique called phishing in which they remove the actual page and insert a similar page to mislead the users,\" said another officer.In the US, a group of ethical hackers had surfaced in the 80s that would hack into an account and later inform the user about the lapses.\"The infamous Nigerian scamsters are experts in hacking. Phishing is also a form of hacking. While cases of hacking are detected, there are fewer arrests as most hackers are careful and don't use their own computer to commit an offence,\" said the officer. According to section 66 of the Information Technology Act, (2000), a hacker, if proved guilty, can be imprisoned for up to three years or fined a maximum of Rs 2 lakh or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672339", "title": "Enclosures being set up for passengers' accommodation: Railway minister", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Union Railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal and chairman Railway Board Vinay Mittal inspected the ongoing preparations being made by the Railways for the Maha kumbh Mela on Tuesday. They inspected Allahabad railway junction, Naini junction and also visited Sangam area to assess the preparations made by the Railways for the coming Kumbh Mela. The entourage of Union Railway Minister arrived in the city by a special train in the morning on Tuesday.Initially, the Bansal went to the city side of the Allahabad railway junction. He examined various enclosures that are being set up to accommodate the passengers thronging the place during the Maha Kumbh. He enquired about the facilities that would be provided in the different enclosures. These enclosures are being painted in unique colour so that passengers going in a particular direction can be easily taken to the particular enclosure.General manager North Central Railway Alok Johri told about the traffic movement plan to the Union Railway Minister and the Chairman of the Railway Board.After visiting the enclosures, the Minister went to the platform number 1 of the Allahabad railway junction and examined the crew lobby, Jan Aahar centre. He also examined the place where the escalator is being set up. He also inspected the room from where the security personnel are keeping a watch on the activities of the suspicious elements through the CCTV installed at various places of the station.The Minister gave instructions to the railway officers that efforts should be made so that passengers do not face any difficulties during the Maha kumbh and special emphasis should be placed on cleanliness aspect at the station premises.After that, the railway minister proceeded to Barhani on a helicopter for attending a function located in Kushinagar district.Later on, he returned to the city and went to the Sangam area to assess the preparations being made by the Railways for the Maha kumbh. He examined the camp that has been set by the railways where the passengers would be provide tickets through the PRS ( Passenger Reservation System) and UTS ( Unreserved Ticketing System) counters. He also examined the place from where the passenger would be given information about the current position of different trains in the mela area.Later on, the cavalcade of Union Railway Minister drove to the Naini junction to examine the preparations for the Maha kumbh. The Minister inspected the ongoing work of construction of Foot Over Bridge and the passenger enclosures at the junction. He also inspected PRS counters, UTS counters, drinking water arrangements, ticket distribution system and washable apron work at the junction.During the inspection, chairman of Railway Board Vinay Mittal, Member Engineering AP Mishra, Member Electrical Kulbhushan , general manager of NCR Alok Johri, general manager of Northern Railway VK Gupta and general manager of CORE( Central Organization of Railway Electrification) Jagdev Kalia, heads of various departments of North Central railway were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673194", "title": "DC rules in Marathi soon", "text": "PUNE: The development control rules for the city will be made available in Marathi in eight days' time, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said on Tuesday.Pathak was speaking in the general body meeting of the PMC. A discussion on the development plan for the old city area was supposed to take place in the meeting. But some elected members demanded that the discussion on the issue should be postponed since copies of the development plan were not available in Marathi.\"We had asked for Marathi translation of the development plan/development control rules and the administration had promised to provide it. Till we get those copies, discussions on it should not be conducted,\" said Vasant More, leader of the opposition in the PMC.Studying the DP will be easier if its Marathi translation is provided. It will result in more fruitful discussions, More added.Vikas Mathkari (BJP), a co-opted member of the PMC, raised questions on the distribution system of the development plan and demanded that the civic administration should take steps to provide copies of the plan to all members.Replying to the demands, Pathak said, \"The work of translation of the development plan has been given to an agency. We expect to get the translated version of in eight days' time. Once we check the copies, it will be given to the members.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17673193", "title": "Diabetes sets off alarm bells in temple town", "text": "PONDA: On an average, a figure of 12 people suffering form diabetes every month has set alarm bells ringing in the temple town. This implies that three people suffer from diabetes every week in Ponda.In fact, Ponda health officer Nutan Dev suspects that the figure could even be higher. Health authorities have arrived at this figure following a screening done every Wednesday at the Ponda ID hospital through a Goa government public-private-partnership with Nova Nordisk started in mid-2009. Under this scheme, regular screenings for diabetes are conducted in the state and patients are allotted insulin pens so that they can inject the insulin themselves at their own houses.The figure also includes patients attended to and screened by private practitioners in the town.Several patients screened for diabetes get the insulin from the out-patient department (OPD) of the hospital at Tisk-Ponda, Dev said, adding that the figure could be higher as people can get procure the medication at any hospital such as the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim or Hospicio hospital at Margao and need not inform the Ponda health office.GMC professor and the head of the medical department there Dr Edwin Gomes revealed that at the GMC, on an average, they get two diabetic patients per day. There could be an equal number or more patients who visit other hospitals, he said.About 750-odd patients suffering from the ailment have been registered with the Ponda ID hospital to avail of medication. Among the 750 patients, over 50% live on just medicine, about 250 patients survive on insulin, while the rest control the disease through a proper diet and exercises like yoga and walking, Dev said.Stating that diabetes is basically a lifestyle disease, Dev said that some diabetes cases can be cured with medicines if screened at the initial stage. \"People must get regular health check-ups done,\" Dev said, adding that diabetes can be avoided through proper exercise, diet, medicine and injecting insulin artificially. She attributed the cause for a high incidence of diabetes among the public to a sedentary lifestyle in urban areas, besides some biological or genetic factors.\"With several amenities around, people seldom put any effort into anything. This lifestyle has made people lazy and invites several diseases,\" Dev said.Referring to the symptoms of a diabetic patient, Gomes said that a patient with high blood sugar normally produces classical symptoms of polyuria (frequent urination), polydipsia (increased thirst) and polyphagia (increased hunger). \"Conditions and symptoms may vary from case-to-case and on the type of diabetes,\" Gomes added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranbir kapoor is all set to have the busiest year of his career so far. in 2013 he will complete 3 films", "code": "17675132", "title": "Imtiaz and Ranbir's next goes on floor September 2013", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor is all set to have the busiest year of his career so far. In 2013 he will complete 3 films: Abhinav Kashyap's Besharam, Abhinav's brother Anurag Kashyap's Bombay Velvet and then in September Ranbir starts his film with director Imtiaz Ali , a comedy which would feature him opposite Anushka Shrama .Randeep Hooda owes one to Ranbir Kapoor. Thanks to Ranbir, Imtiaz Ali will be directing two back-to-back films in 2013. On February 1, Imtiaz begins shooting the road movie Highway with Randeep Hooda and Alia Bhatt. He wraps up this road film by April 2013 to release it in June, and goes into his film with Ranbir Kapoor on 15 September which would star Ranbir with Anushka Sharma.Both the Imtiaz Ali films would be produced by Sajid Nadiadwala.Says a source, \"Randeep owes Highway to Ranbir Kapoor. Imtiaz was all set to go on the floors at the beginning of 2013 with his Ranbir starrer. But then it was decided between Imtiaz and Anurag Kashyap\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho are close friends-- that Ranbir would first shoot for Kashyap's Bombey Velvet before going on to Imtiaz's film in 2013.\"Suddenly Imtiaz's team was at a loose end.Says the source, \"Imtiaz suggested to producer Nadiadwala that instead of waiting for Ranbir to be free of Bombay Velvet they can make another film Highway a script that he has ready and planned to shoot later.\"Highway would feature the entire core crew of producer Sajid Nadiadwala, director Imtiaz Ali , cinematographer Anil Mehta and music composer A R Rahman from the film that Imtiaz would direct with Ranbir Kapoor in the lead from 15 Sepember 2013.Highway , our source informs us, is \"a travel tale, a road movie, a romance between a chirpy girl and a brooding stranger which would take the pair to Himachal.\"The film's lead pair Randeep Hooda and Alia Bhatt were Imtiaz's choices.\"Nadiadwala had no problems convincing Alia Bhatt to step into Highway since she was already committing to do another film with Nadiadwala. She instantly agreed. And Karan Johar happily allowed his 'baby-doll' to be hop over to Nadiadwala's production house,\" says our source.While Imtiaz Ali and Sajid Nadidwala remained unavailable for comment one gathered that Imtiaz's two films in 2013 would be diametrically opposite in mood.Says the source, \" Highway is the story of two unlikely travellers journeying to Himachal Pradesh. Imtiaz's film with Ranbir would occupy the light comic space. They have done a very serious film Rockstar together. Now Imtiaz and Ranbir just want to have fun.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17673211", "title": "Metrology department seizes goods worth Rs 3.5L", "text": "MARGAO: The legal metrology department (LMD) on Tuesday carried out an inspection of Jain Sanitary, a wholesale supplier in sanitary ware, bathroom fittings and accessories, and seized products worth 3.5 lakh.The LMD raid came following a complaint filed by a customer stating that the 'maximum retail price' was not printed on the item that was purchased. LMD inspector Arun Panchwakdar and assistant controller Prasad Shirodkar visited the retail store in Margao, but on being questioned the shop owner blamed the wholesale dealer who he said had supplied the goods to him. The LMD team then went to the wholesale dealer's store located near Maruti Mandir in Davorlim.On conducting an inspection, LMD officials seized the goods after it was found that the items did not have the mandatory maximum retail price and also did not bear the manufacturer's name.LMD officials also inspected petrol pumps in Margao and stated that they would follow up on complaints received against a few pumps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17671644", "title": "Dealer booked for selling same land to two buyers", "text": "GURGAON: A case of fraud and cheating has been lodged against a man who allegedly sold a piece of land to a Delhi-based person and took Rs 8.5 lakh at the time of agreement while he had already sold the same plot to someone else.Rajpal, a resident of Vinay Enclave, Nangloi in New Delhi, had lodged an FIR with police some time ago. In his complaint, he alleged Anil Verma, a resident of Shivaji Park Colony, Gurgaon, for duped him of Rs 8.5 lakh in the name of already sold land. When he found fraud in the deal, he contacted the accused to return his money, but he allegedly threatened to kill him. At last, he lodged a complaint with Gurgaon police.Police officers assigned the inquiry into the matter to the economic offences wing (EOW). After examining the matter, the EOW has recommended to the city police to lodge an FIR against Anil Verma under Sections 420, 406, 506 and 120b of IPC. Police are investigating the case.\"On the recommendation of the EOW, we have lodged an FIR of cheating, fraud and threatening to kill. We are examining the matter,\" said Rajender Singh, SHO, City police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17673317", "title": "Pregnant women bear space brunt", "text": "RANCHI: Space crunch at the district hospital here has made regular check-ups an ordeal for pregnant women.About 150 patients visit Sadar hospital everyday for check-up. But the women have to stand among the crowd as there were few chairs in the hospital. Even standing at times becomes strenuous as people huddle for space in the narrow corridor. Rani Devi, who came from Pithoria about 19 km away, had to wait for an hour. \"There's not too many chair here and I could not step out of the line and go somewhere for some rest as I had to keep a tab on serial numbers,\" said the eight-month pregnant.Saba Khatoon, who had come with her daughter,who is in her fourth month of pregnancy, agreed. She said her daughter needed to sit but there was no place to relax. This was her third visit and each time, the situation had been the same.With only one doctor on duty at times, the queue gets longer. Some gynaecologists and nurses, who are visiting the hospital for training, have brought some relief. \"We are managing somehow. Everyday there's a huge rush for check-ups and operations,\" said a nurse. According to doctors, women in late stage of their pregnancy, should not stand for long as this affects blood circulation and harm the baby. \"Pregnant women, especially those in their eight or ninth month of pregnancy, should not stand in one position for long. Circulation of blood will stop as the pressure is more on calf muscles.So we suggest them to move but not in one position,\" said Nishad Ahmed, a gynaecologist at Sadar hospital. Many doctors had earlier requested for extra chairs in the women's section. But nothing has been done. \"We have sent the requisition for chair We expect a solution very soon,\" said A K Jha, deputy superintendent, sadar hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672240", "title": "CM's chopper among 7 aircraft gutted in blaze", "text": "HYDERABAD: Was the Monday midnight blaze at the AP Aviation Academy's hangar in Begumpet airport due to electric short circuit or an act of sabotage? Six trainer aircraft, VVIP chopper AgustaWestland and the Nizam-era hangar was reduced to rubble in the raging fire, which was controlled after over two-hour fire-fighting operations.An angry chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, whose chopper was among those that perished in the fire, ticked off his officials and sought a CID probe into the incident. Both GAD and CID officials said that as per preliminary findings, the fire was caused by a short-circuit, but did not rule out the sabotage angle. There were also some unconfirmed reports suggesting that there was power failure for a short period at the hangar and the short circuit occurred when the power came back.\"The helicopter that was bought in August 2008 for Rs 68 crore while the six trainer aircraft are a decade old and together were bought for Rs 10 crore. Since all of them have been bought by the government and fully insured, if the sabotage angle is established, we will have to dig out as to what the motive is,\" said an official. According to sources, the CCTV camera installed at the hangar was also charred in the incident, but the recorder, located at another place, was safe and investigators have seized it. Reviewing the recorder will give them a clear picture as to what happened, he added. Incidentally, the wreckage of the Bell chopper, in which former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy perished in September 2009, was also gutted in the fire.Fire started in Nizam-era hangarThere are three hangars at the northern side of the airport. The first one belongs to the Indian Air Force, the second one to the Airports Authority of India and the third one to the AP Aviation Academy. A security guard claimed they first noticed the fire inside a storage cabin on the extreme right side of hangar-3 around 11.30 pm.The fire soon spread to other combustible material like PVC lining, wooden beams and reached the parked aircraft. \"The hangar was built about 70 to 80 years ago during the Nizam era with Burma wooden beams. Due to the immense heat generated by the burning aircraft turbine fuel (ATF), the wooden beams along with the tin roof collapsed on the parked aircraft,\" an investigating officer said.As soon as they noticed the fire, the security guards alerted the fire control. Two fire tenders of the Airports Authority of India parked on the airport premises reached the spot in less than 10 minutes, but by that time, the ATF caught fire and the front portion of the hangar roof caved in. Shortly after 11.50 pm, fire tenders from Secunderabad reached the spot followed by seven more from various places in the city. The fire was controlled only after 2 am and till then no one had a clue about the loss of property.After the fire was put off, Aviation Academy staff assessed the loss of property. In a complaint lodged with the Begumpet police, APAA secretary and CEO SN Reddy stated that four Cessna aircraft, a Pushpak and Learjet 24 (both grounded) worth Rs 10 crore, AgustaWestland 139 helicopter worth Rs 68 crore, the hangar and other valuables worth Rs 12 crore were gutted in the accident. Based on his complaint, the Begumpet police booked a fire mishap case.Following the directive from the chief minister, a 12-member Crime Investigation Department (CID) team, led by their chief T Krishna Prasad, visited the spot to probe the incident. The CID team recorded the statements of the security guards and they stated that the fire spread fast with a loud bang indicating the bursting of an aircraft fuel tank.A four-member team led by APFSL director O Narasimha Murthy also visited the spot and collected samples from the wreckage.While the CID team would conduct an inquiry into the incident, the Hyderabad police would also be investigating the case. The investigators came to know that technical staff was present at the hangar till 10.30 pm on Monday checking the Agusta which was supposed to fly to Vizag on Wednesday to pick up the chief minister. The log books pertaining to the chopper maintenance and other records of the AP Aviation Academy would also be scrutinised by the investigators.After the tragic death of former chief minster YS Rajasekhara Reddy in a chopper crash, a round-the-clock ground surveillance was put in place at the hangar where the VVIP chopper was parked. According to Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma, the ground security team, comprising three city police personnel and a private security guard, was present at the hangar when the incident happened, hence no dereliction of duty was noticed during the preliminary probe. \"There was also a CISF watch tower, comprising armed security personnel,\" the CP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17673098", "title": "HC defers hearing in Taj Heritage Corridor case", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday deferred the hearing in the Taj Heritage Corridor case till January 11, 2013 due to paucity of time. The CBI meanwhile filed its written submission against the PIL pleading that prosecution sanction was necessary to put ex-CM Mayawati and her cabinet colleague Nasimuddin Siddiqui alongwith other accused on trial. It further said that the controversy has already been decided by the HC while dismissing 6 PILs on November 5, 2012. Hence, the matter cannot be reopened in the HC challenging governor's June 3, 2007 order refusing sanction because it was available for challenge when PILs had been filed in 2009.Additional solicitor general K Rawal also appeared in the court and raised preliminary objection on maintainability of the present PIL after more than 5 years of the order. The bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Satish Chandra expressed its reservation on making ex-governor TV Rajeshwar a party in the litigation and asked the petitioner counsel CB Pandey to satisfy it whether a governor can be made party in the litigation. A PIL has challenged the governor's order of June 3, 2007, which let off Mayawati and Siddiqui in the case. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672237", "title": "Loud explosions before fire, say witnesses", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after a massive fire at the Begumpet old airport gutted the chief minister's helicopter along with six other training aircraft inside a hangar, witnesses said they heard a huge explosion first and then saw fire and smoke billowing out of the area. The fire was followed by more explosions and hundreds of residents came out of the houses and thronged the area thinking it to be a bomb blast.Meanwhile, security guards at the Fortune Manohar Hotel which is adjacent to the airport's entrance said they saw three fire trucks heading towards the airport at around 12.30am which was more than an hour and half after the fire reportedly broke out. \"We heard the fire tenders and by then the fire had spread so they did not have much chance of saving the other aircraft,\" a local said. \"Luckily the fire did not spread to the outside,\" he added.Late on Tuesday afternoon, additional director general of CID, Krishna Prasad said that five teams comprising 12 inspectors, four DSPs, one additional SP and two SP officers have been dispatched to investigate and arrive at the cause of the fire.A team from the director general of civil aviation too is expected to arrive to assist in the investigation, some insiders said. A huge contingent of police armed with rifles surrounded the area and were keeping curious onlookers at bay with only the media allowed to wait outside.Rumours of foul play began doing the rounds as the chief minister's helicopter was destroyed and officials continued to remain tight-lipped about the incident, choosing to reveal only the bare minimum. Airport staff and other denizens from the surrounding areas added to the conspiracy theory. \"That hangar has a capacity of four aircrafts and keeping the chief minister's helicopter there along with five other planes is a little suspicious,\" an official at the airport, who wished to be unnamed, said.While some said the fire was caused by a short circuit in the hangar, airport staff, who witnessed the incident, continued to claim that a loud explosion which was audible till a distance of around one kilometre indicated otherwise.Small crowds continued to gather at the Old Airport Road in Bowenpally at various intervals through out the day with passersby and locals stopping to try and catch a glimpse of the ongoing investigation inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17672722", "title": "Airport entry charges to be hiked", "text": "RAIPUR: The airport authorities have decided to hike the newly entry fee to the newly built swanky Swami Vivekanand Airport terminal building. The visitor entry fee has been increased to Rs 50 from the existing Rs 45.According to airport officials, from Friday onwards, the entry fee to the airport terminal's visitors' area would be Rs 50. The Rs 5 hike has been proposed to resolve the \"change shortage\" faced at the counters.Incidentally, this is the second hike in just over a month as visitors' entry charges were revised at the time of opening of the new terminal building on November 7 last month. When the operations were shifted to the new terminal, the entry fee was raised to Rs 45 from the earlier Rs 30 at the old building.Confirming the move airport's commercial manager, Vinay Tamrakar, said the hike would be effective in the next couple of days and approval for the same had been received from DGCA. He also revealed that the airport, on an average, gets about 300 visitors on weekdays and the number goes up to 500 plus on weekends and holidays.By these estimates, the airport authorities would earn close to Rs 75 lakhs in a year from just entry tickets.Meanwhile, the airport officials are likely to soon review the 'five-minute' free dropping or picking up policy, as a lot of complaints have been received that the time is too short.As per the contract for the parking, people who spend five minutes from the entry gate to the exit for dropping or picking up someone need not pay anything. But beyond 5 minutes, the charge is Rs 40 for the next four hours.Sources said that several people have complained that the time is insufficient to drop or pick more than one person and they end up paying Rs 40 even if they cross the five-minute deadline by a couple of minutes.Airport official said they would soon review this policy and if they find that the time is inadequate, the same would be revised.At present the parking charges at the airport are - Rs40 for car, Rs50 for coach / bus / truck, Rs45 for tempo / SUV / mini bus and Rs15 for two wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17671406", "title": "86 cell towers removed from atop buildings in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Telecom operators in the city have removed 86 cell towers from atop buildings following complaints of their proximity to residents, Cellular Operators' Association of India (COAI) director-general Rajan S Mathews told TOI. He said the operators have taken corrective actions to reduce radiation from the towers to permissible limits.Department of Telecommunications (DoT) sources had revealed to TOI that 61 base trans-receiver stations (BTSs) in the city were flouting radiation levels of 450 milli watts per square metre and that notices had been sent to the cell tower companies seeking corrective action. The action mainly involves bringing down radiation levels or repositioning or removing towers.In the backdrop of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's proposed policy to allow only two towers on any building, and removal of towers from schools, colleges and hospitals, a COAI delegation led by Mathews called on municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on Tuesday. Mumbaikars have registered over 400 complaints with DoT regarding cell towers, of which over 200 have been checked. There are over 20,000 cell towers across Mumbai region, including Thane, Kalyan-Dombivli and Navi Mumbai.\"Kunte told us that the draft policy pertains to norms for civil construction and not purported health issues arising from electromagnetic radiation (EMF). Kunte clarified that since EMF was a matter regulated by DoT, BMC would only abide by DoT guidelines while drafting the policy,\" Mathews said.He said Kunte clarified that 1,800 towers were termed 'illegal' not because they did not comply with safety norms but as they did not have civic permission for installation atop buildings. The delegation told Kunte that operators had submitted paperwork and fees but as BMC had neither accepted applications nor processed them on time, they were being termed illegal. BMC will upload on its website names of illegal cell phone towers and their operators in every ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17675612", "title": "Hathaway in 'crisis of conscience'", "text": "Actress Anne Hathaway says she suffered a \"crisis of conscience\" while shooting a few scenes for \"Les Miserables\" as the vegan star had to step on dead fish for some sequences.Hathaway turned vegan after she wrapped up work on blockbuster \"The Dark Knight Rises\", and had fake leather shoes specially made for her character Fantine to fit her new lifestyle.But little did she know that director Tom Hooper would be using real, rotten fish to recreate the authentic feel of the desperate streets of 19th century France for \"Les Miserables\", reports dailystar.co.uk.\"For some reason, for the dock scenes, (Hooper) wanted us to have dead fish, for days, and days and days on end and of course this was the first role that I've done since going vegan, so there I am in period-looking leather shoes, stepping on dead fish, and I was having a real crisis of conscience,\" said Hathaway.She wasn't the only complaining crew member.\"Russell (Crowe) came in... and he just reacted like, 'What is this fetid air?' It's hilarious,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17673489", "title": "Made Snana ritual sees 50% drop in devotees", "text": "MANGALORE: The number of devotees who performed 'Made Made Snana' at Kukke Sri Subrahmanya temple on three days of Champa Shashti from Sunday, dipped by almost 50% as compared to last year.While its proponents attribute this to confusion over the ritual and the manner in which it would be conducted, as well as the fear of violence, its critics describe it as a victory of their concerted efforts to draw attention to what they feel is social discrimination.HM Kale, executive officer of the temple, said that as against the 1,500-odd devotees who took part in the ritual this year, the number was double last year. Not going into the reasons for this, Kale told TOI, \"We've only allowed the rituals to go ahead as instructed by the Supreme Court.\" Echoing this is Krishna Prasad Madthila, president of the temple management committee. \"It is not a ticketed service offered at the temple.\"Vittal Rao, a local who has been observing the temple closely for the past 25 years, told TOI that %confusion over the ritual and skirmishes in the temple last year appear to have impacted the numbers. But it hasn't affected devotees like Bhaskar Rao, a techie from New Mexico, USA, has come down to take part in the ritual for the third year in succession. \"He (Bhaskar) was apprehensive initially. The SC ruling soothed him,\" Vittal said.Not willing to buy this argument is KS Shivaramu, president of Karnataka Rajya Hindulida Jagratha Vedike. \"It is the direct result of the Vedike's efforts last year to oppose the practice and create awareness that resulted in this drop,\" he said. Those who participated in the ritual this year are staunch supporters of the temple, who have done so at the management's instance, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672212", "title": "Admissions in University of Hyderabad to be early from next year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The University of Hyderabad (UoH) is introducing two new courses in 2013 and will conduct its entrance examination in February instead of June next year to attract top-ranking students who join other universities due to delay in admissions, officials said.\"Usually by the time we conduct our entrance examination, the students have already appeared for several other competitive exams. So this time we will commence the procedure in February itself, giving the best students a chance to have UoH as a first option,\" said Ramakrishna Ramaswamy, vice-chancellor UoH.Officials said every year students who take the entrance tests and painstakingly attend all the interview rounds that follow often do not turn up to claim their seats as the delayed process causes them to join elsewhere. Last year around 30,000 students appeared for the test which was a gateway to the coveted 2,000 seats for various courses. The schedule which has been changed after 25 years would be a good reform for the university said Ramaswamy as with the old system, delayed admissions continue till September or even October sometimes and classes begin very late.Another change in the admission procedure from next year onwards is the online submission of application forms and officials added that the entrance test may become an online one in the next couple of years.Apart from changes in the admission schedule, the university has also added two more courses from next academic year onwards, Master of Public Health (MPH) in collaboration with Indian Institute of Public Health and an Integrated Masters in Earth and Space Sciences.The department of mathematics and computer sciences too is being separated to form two distinct schools; one for mathematics and statistics and another for computers and information sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17671969", "title": "Trinamool Congress in dock for not inviting local leaders", "text": "MALDA: Goutam Deb, the minister in charge of North Bengal development, has laid foundation stones of as many as 14 projects in Malda over the last three days. But none of the local MLAs or MPs, not even the panchayat pradhans, was invited in any of these programmes. The government's apathy to give leaders of other parties their dues has left the Congress and the CPM red-faced.Slamming the attitude of the Trinamool-run government, North Malda MP Mousam Noor on Tuesday said: \"All the projects have been funded by the Centre. We convinced the Union government to sanction the funds. But now, the state government is taking credit for it!\" RSP MLA Rahim Bakshi, too, spoke in support of the Congress: \"We are not invited as we might have exposed false promises of ministers.\"Deb, however, scoffed at the issue of the Centre releasing funds. \"The Centre has no funds of its own. It is the tax collected from the states which make their fund.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672991", "title": "Scope of rape law must be widened: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are about 900 cases of rape pending in trial courts of the capital. Although Delhi government approved a proposal for establishing five fast-track courts to try cases of sexual assault on women, the courts have not seen the light of day.While setting up of special courts is a step towards taking rape cases seriously, legal experts claim it is the law on rape that needs to be changed and made more stringent.The definition of rape under Section 375 of Indian Penal Code states that \"penetration is sufficient to constitute the sexual intercourse necessary to the offence of rape\". Unfortunately, the law does not recognize other kinds of rape\u00e2\u20ac\u201dpertaining to other parts of the body or with aid of any foreign object. The punishment for rape is imprisonment for a minimum of seven years. It may go up to a life term in some cases.Experts believe certain inadequacies in the law on rape need to be addressed. Senior advocate Meenakshi Lekhi, who has worked on several projects concerning women's issues, says the definition of rape should cover all aspects in order to broaden the scope of Section 375.A case in hand is the recently-enacted law on child abuse. The Protection of Children from Sexual Offences ( POCSO) Act covers all aspects under \"penetrative sexual assault\". It includes the insertion of any other part of the body or object in the victim's private parts for the purpose of sexual assault.\"Like in cases of sexual assault of children, the definition of rape should also incorporate all kinds of sexual intercourse. There is no need to have a separate act for such purpose. The Indian Penal Code can be amended to incorporate the new additions. This will then give authorities the power to book people who get away with lesser punishment in other types of rape,\" Lekhi said.Another part of the law that needs to be revisited is the punishment that has been prescribed for the offence. Many feel that the current punishment in a rape case is not sufficient to deal with cases like Sunday's incident. Senior advocate Pinky Anand says that a punishment should be such that it \"puts the fear of god in a person\". \"A punishment should instill faith in people. It should send across a stern message so that people don't even think of doing such an act. When such brutal physical torture happens, the only punishment is capital punishment,\" Anand said.Besides the laws, the whole system needs to be revisited, urged Anand. \"Authorities should come out with stern action. While the law needs improvement, justice is lost also in long trials. The authorities have to ensure that trials are put on a fast-track route. The result should not come in years,\" she said.Legal viewPending rape cases in trial court: 890No of special courts to be set up to try rape cases: 5PunishmentTerm will not be less than 7 years but it may be for life or for a term which may extend to 10 years. The person shall also be liable to fine.Rape law in IndiaSection 375 IPC defines rape. It states that penetration is sufficient to constitute the sexual intercourse necessary to the offence of rape It does not recognize 'digital rape' or rape with inserting other objects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17673448", "title": "Locals' apathy leaves cops groping for clues", "text": "MYSORE: The police investigation into the murder of senior citizen Abdul Salam seems to have hit a stumbling block following non-co-operation from shopkeepers near the victim's house in Lashkar Mohalla.An officer said shopkeepers are turning their back to help police officers in giving information about the movement of people at the time of incident. Police have contacted nearly 10 shopkeepers and employees in the locality, but they have refused to assist police in the investigation.While some shop owners are claiming that they were not in the shops at the time of incident, some others are claiming they are not well.A decade ago, people used to help police by giving information - which eventually helped the latter crack cases -- but of late, no one is coming forward. This has become a biggest hurdle for officers during investigations in cases like this.\"Though this is a crowded area dotted with many shops, none is willing to help police in the investigation,\" an officer investigating the case stated.City police are preparing the sketches (portraits) of suspects based on the account of the eyewitness -- Reshma Banu, Salam's daughter in-law.Police said that she is yet to come out of shock. \"We will prepare their portraits in a day or two,\" they added.Meanwhile, police suspect that it is an insider's job and people, who know the details of family, could have committed the crime. Police are also investigating the case from various angles.Preliminary investigation has revealed that the assailants were conversing in Kannada while committing the crime. \"Murder weapons were not found at the scene of crime, and now we are left with no clue. It is a challenging case for us,\" a senior police officer stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17673528", "title": "Attack on masjids: No arrests so far", "text": "MANGALORE: Police are yet to nab miscreants, who damaged three masjids in Kulai, Mukka and Karnad under Mangalore city police limits.Miscreants threw stones and soda bottles damaging window panes and doors of Sirajul Islam Association Badriya Jumma Masjid in Kulai, Jumma Masjid, Mukka and Noor Jumma Masjid in Karnad near Mulky. Miscreants started the attack at Kulai, about 15 km from the city, damaged Mukka masjid 7 km away and later went to Karnad, about 8 km away, and damaged the masjid there.Panambur division assistant commissioner of police Ravi Kumar told TOI that police are on the look out for the miscreants. \"Very soon all the accused will be nabbed,\" he added.Meanwhile, presidents and secretaries of 17 masjids in Surathkal region held a meeting and demanded the arrest of miscreants within a week.Sirajul Islam Association Badriya Jumma Masjid committee secretary Ibrahim Mubarak said, \"I request police to take all possible steps to arrest all the accused and ensure maximum punishment to them. Police have promised that all the accused will be arrested soon. We will wait for a week and after that we will decide on the future course of action. We have also decided to approach senior police officials if miscreants are not brought to book,\" Ibrahim said.Attack condemnedIndian Union Muslim League (IUML)district committee and Sunni Yuvajana Sangha on Tuesday condemned the attacks on masjids .\"Police should take suitable action and arrest all persons involved soon. Adequate protection should be given to masjids in the district and police should keep a vigil to ensure communal harmony,\" said IUML district president C Ahmed Jamal.The Karnataka Komu Soudharda Vedike too has condemned the incident. Describing it as the handiwork of elements, who want to stoke up communal passions in the run up to the state assembly polls, Victor D'Silva, chief convener of the vedike, said, \"Certain vested interests are trying to vitiate communal amity that prevails among the majority and minority communities in the district. Such elements should be firmly dealt with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17672773", "title": "Security rings near Naveen Niwas", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Tuesday stepped up security near Naveen Niwas after the security breach by some protestors on Monday.Four mobile stop boards were installed between Pallaspalli and Airport Square en route Naveen Niwas to check the speed of vehicles. Two platoons of additional police force were deployed in and around the chief minister's residence to keep a tab on movement of commuters. Two PCR vans will carry out round-the clock vigil. \"We have intensified foot patrolling by armed policemen along Pallaspalli and Airport Square. The stop boards would help us keep a watch on vehicles,\" said twin city commissioner of police Sunil Roy.Around 100 people of a farmers' organization breached the heavy security ring of Naveen Niwas early Monday morning and staged demonstration protesting against the state government's anti-farmer policies. Police had a tough time evacuating the demonstrators from the high sensitive zone. Around 58 people were arrested, many of whom were granted bail on Tuesday. The protesters, who came in three vehicles, dodged the eyes of security personnel and sneaked into the high sensitive zone from the direction of Pallaspalli.Police said they have been facing difficulty in frisking each vehicle on the route. \"Since it is a public road, connecting to airport, we cannot suspect the travellers,\" said another police officer. \"It is practically not possible to block the road either. So the vulnerability problem cannot be addressed,\" the officer said.At present, the security of Naveen Niwas lies in the hands of nearly 130 police personnel, headed by an ACP rank officer. Cops of Special Security Battalion (SSB) stand guard at five makeshift camps round the clock between Pallaspalli and Airport Square.Rallies and demonstrations are not allowed near Naveen Niwas as police have clamped prohibitory order. \"Security aspect apart, we cannot allow demonstration on the route, which is very narrow. It will create traffic problem,\" a traffic police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17672119", "title": "Sharmila undergoes knee surgery", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress leader Y S Sharmila on Tuesday was operated upon for ligament injury on her right leg at Apollo Hospital and the specialist doctors said they had advised her six weeks' bed rest. Dr Gosla Shivabharath Reddy told TOI that a team of orthopaedic surgeons led by him performed a key hole surgery on Sharmila's knee. She would be discharged on Wednesday. \"The surgery was successful, and Sharmila would be discharged on Wednesday. She has to take rest at least for six weeks after which she can walk,\" said Shivabharath Reddy. Sharmila suffered the injury when she slipped while boarding a bus during the Maro Praja Prasthanam, the state-wide padayatra started in October.Earlier, a wheelchair-bound Sharmila met her brother Y S Jaganmohan Reddy at the Chanchalguda jail. Sharmila arrived in a car and sat in a wheelchair to be taken inside the jail because of the injury on her knee. Sharmila spent nearly 45 minutes with Jaganmohan Reddy. She declined to talk to the waiting media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670750", "title": "Shiv Sena removes temporary memorial of Bal Thackeray from Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: The month-long stand-off between the state government and the Shiv Sena over the temporary memorial erected to deceased Sena chief Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park ended in the government's favour early on Tuesday morning with the saffron party entirely removing the structure and immersing it in the sea in a hush-hush operation conducted amidst tight security.TOI had reported in its late edition on Monday that Shiv Sainiks had put up screens round the platform and begun dismantling it.At 3am Tuesday, sources said Sainiks tried to shift the memorial to an alternative site in the park, between the Shivaji statue and Shivaji Park Nagrik Sangh, but police foiled the attempt. By 8am, the 'chowthara' (platform), bricks and other materials used to erect the memorial, as well as a diya lit as an 'eternal flame' were immersed in the sea off Dadar beach. Hundreds of cops were deployed at the park after the dismantling.For a month since Thackeray's cremation on November 18 at the park, several Sena leaders kept demanding a permanent memorial there.After a climbdown from having a grand memorial, Sena leaders like MP Sanjay Raut insisted that the samadhi site would not be given up. Finally, Sena president Uddhav Thackeray said the temporary memorial would be shifted to another spot in the park. Meanwhile, the government remained firm that no further permanent construction could be legally allowed inside the park. While Raut wrote to the BMC saying the structure would be removed on December 17, a month after Thackeray's death, other Sena leaders had said it would not be touched until the BMC gave an alternative site.However, though the structure has not been relocated in the ground, the Sena is still pressing its demand for a memorial. At the BMC group leader's meeting on Tuesday, the Sena tabled a proposal for a 40-by-20-foot space in the park for a memorial. Sainiks also plan to ask for a plot on a BMC ground opposite Shivaji Park.The dismantling plans were initially guarded in secrecy. At midnight, while bhajans were sung at the site, senior Sena leaders refused to part with any information about the temporary structure. At around 1am, digging began around the makeshift memorial. It was done by men working for the same contractor who had set up the memorial. Green cloth was hung on a bamboo framework to shield the memorial from public view. \"We want to shield the memorial during the removal. We don't want to give the media a single visual while dismantling this. Our feelings should be taken into consideration as this is sacred to us,\" said a Sena corporator.By 2.30am, the actual removal began amidst tight police security and the presence of a few Sena leaders, including mayor Sunil Prabhu and civic standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale. A soil extractor was used and all the materials loaded into a truck. The ground was returned to the state it was in before the funeral.BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte has said he would look into the Sena's demand for another spot at Shivaji Park to erect a memorial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17673312", "title": "EC sorry for vehicle requisition", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17671902", "title": "Party with a musical Santa this year", "text": "KOLKATA: A week ahead of Christmas, there is usually a rising demand for Christmas trees, mistletoes, festoons and idols of Virgin Mary and baby Jesus. Though the craze is equally palpable among shoppers this year, it is for the musical Santa Claus.Revellers feel that the 4-foot Father Christmas dancing to a carol will add more colour to their parties. Among the other attractions are the revolving Christmas trees, those fitted with LED lights and headbands of the reindeer.A visit to Free School Street or New Market and one is sure to see the various gift shops cashing in on the last-minute festive frenzy. Decorated with soft toys, lights, trees and colourful festoons, they are trying their best to woo customers. Turkeys have been put on sale for Thanksgiving along with small idols of Christ and Mother Mary. Adults and kids alike were found shop hunting for the famous cartoon character Ben 10.\"I come here every Christmas as they have got something new to offer every time. I will buy the dancing Santa as it will surely be an icing on the cake for this year's party,\" said Rupa Mandal, a law student. With the festival drawing near, the prices of all musical items have risen manifold and range between Rs 500 and Rs 8,000, depending on the size. Though customers conceded that prices were much higher compared to that of the previous years, it failed to dampen their shopping spree.Apart from Christians, people from other communities were also seen shopping. Adil, who works in a New Market shop, said: \"This is just the start of business and it is pretty good. But we are aiming for higher profits as more people will rush to the stalls around December 20.\"Some of the shops are also offering discounts on clothes and other accessories prior to Christmas. Also, gaming fans can also have a relaxing holiday by getting their hands on the much-awaited WWE-13 and Call of Duty Black OPS 2 which offers real life gaming experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17672012", "title": "CM seeks centre's help on national highways", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan apprised the centre about the bad condition of national highways in the state and sought immediate assistance for its repair and maintenance. Chouhan called on union road transport and national highways minister C P Joshi here on Tuesday.He was accompanied with leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj .Apprising the minister about the bad condition of national highways, Chouhan said that bad roads have led to wide resentment among the people. Large potholes on roads are risky for road commuters. He said that the responsibility of repairing and maintaining roads lie with both union and state governments. Chouhan also held discussions on notifications under sections 3 (A) and 3 (D) for land acquisition and construction of Jhansi-Bameetha section of national highway 75.Chouhan informed that the state government has spent Rs 125 crore from its resources on repair of bad roads, which is not adequate. Condition of national highways in the state is still bad and need to be repaired without delay. He said that all the national highways from east to west and north to south of India pass through Madhya Pradesh. It is very necessary to undertake repair works in time. Chouhan desired the cooperation of the centre in repair of these highways.Chouhan also held discussions with the minister on issues pertaining to Madhya Pradesh Road Development Corporation.Chouhan also drew the attention of the centre about maintenance of under-construction sections of the national highways after execution of agreement. He demanded adequate funds under heads of general maintenance and flood damage. He also demanded simplification of sanction and execution process of works for national highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17671636", "title": "Man held for rape of minor girl", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Police have arrested a married man for allegedly abducting and raping a minor girl in Yamunanagar district. Aslam, 30, was arrested on Monday night, nine days after he allegedly abducted a 14-year-old girl.Police said a case of rape and abduction was registered at the Bilaspur police station and rape charges added on Tuesday. In her statement, the girl told police that Aslam had promised marriage and established sexual relations with her.The minor had gone missing on December 10. When she failed to reach home after school, her parents had approached the police on December 12 and filed a complaint against Aslam. \"They had come to know through the village children that Aslam had been meeting their daughter frequently,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17672791", "title": "HC decrees GPS for commercial vehicles in Himachal Pradesh from April", "text": "SHIMLA: With the number of lives lost due to rash and negligent driving increasing each year in the hill state, the high court here has directed transport authorities to make GPS tracking system mandatory for all commercial vehicles from April.The directions came from a division bench consisting of Justice Deepak Gupta and Justice Sanjay Karol while hearing a civil writ petition.For getting the directions implemented, the court constituted a high level committee to be chaired by the chief secretary that was asked to frame a scheme for the purpose.The judges observed that \"maximum number of accidents are caused due to rash and negligent driving, the burden,\" for which falls on the state exchequer viz. treatment of patients, blockade of roads, etc.\"The biggest culprits in regard to motor vehicle accidents are commercial vehicles, especially those commonly referred to as utility vehicles and mini buses,\" the judges observed, before expressing the court's view that \"time has come when we must take the help of advanced technology to monitor the movement of vehicles. This will not only help tackle traffic problems, but would be of great help in detection of crime, prevention of illegal activities and tracing of criminals.\"Benefits of GPS system are many and costs are small in comparison to benefits that could be derived from it, the judges pointed out.The judges also pointed out that toll barriers put up at entry points to the state seemed to take one back to the dark ages, as not only were they manually handled, but roads were blocked with the help of ropes.The judges noted that contracts entered into with contractors for toll collection at these barriers had a condition to have electronically/mechanically operated barriers, but none of the barriers in the state had this facility.Directing the transport authorities to ensure installation of electronic toll barriers, the judges noted that presently, receipts given at these barriers were small printed slips, which would never enable the state to determine what amount the contractor actually earned.\"We are sure that huge amount of government revenue in the shape of taxes is swindled by either not issuing any receipt or issuing receipts which are an apology in the name of receipts,\" the judges observed.Listing the case for January 10, the judges asked the committee to frame a scheme and give suggestions to the court on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17672992", "title": "Feticide fight: Govt may track infants post delivery", "text": "JAIPUR: Facing censure from high court, the state government is finally waking up to the continued menace of female feticide and infanticide. Measures like post-delivery tracking and mandatory reporting of newborns could soon be adopted to plug loopholes in existing practices to save the girl child. In fact, with authorities unable to curb the practice, the state government on Monday decided to bring in changes in the existing laws sooner rather than later.In a high level meeting between the advocate general of Rajasthan G S Bapna and DGP H C Meena these and many other options were discussed to put a check on the growing practice of abandoning the girl child.The proposals included putting pregnant women under observation for one month after delivery.\"Post-delivery monitoring may have a provision for mandatory vaccinations or something which could ensure compulsory attendance of baby and mother. This is one way to ensure the child is with her parents,\" said Bapna. The other suggestion to confront dumping is obligatory reporting of a birth in less then 24-48 hours by hospitals. At present, nursing homes are allowed to submit details in three weeks. \"Sooner you get to know about the birth of a girl child, more vigilant the authorities could be,\" added Bapna. This was the first consultation meeting and next has been scheduled on January 7, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17673431", "title": "Alemtemshi Jamir to be new chief secy of Nagaland", "text": "KOHIMA: Senior IAS officer Alemtemshi Jamir has been promoted to the post of Nagaland chief secretary with effect from January 1, 2013. This was informed in a notification issued by outgoing chief secretary Lalthara on Tuesday, who will retire on December 31 on attainment of superannuation.Accordingly, the Nagaland government has also ordered transfers and announced new postings for several top bureaucratic officers. The concerned officers have been directed to take over their new charges from January 1, 2013.Banuo Z Jamir will continue to function as additional chief secretary &amp; commissioner and additional chief secretary, border affairs. CJ Ponraj, principal secretary has been posted as additional chief secretary in-charge of the department of law &amp; justice and P&AR;, while H K Khulu, principal secretary, has been posted as additional chief secretary &amp; development commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17672036", "title": "Realty price rises in east, sets in west", "text": "AHMEDABAD:The real estate in Ahmedabad is desperately seeking signs of a revival following the recently concluded Gujarat assembly elections. What's interesting is that despite the state government's announcement of the metro rail passing through areas close to south and northern parts of the city, there has not been a significant rise in realty prices.As demand for residential properties inches forward, it's worth mentioning the quarterly figures of Residex - a special index developed by RBI to measure residential demand in the city. The latest quarterly report suggests that there has been just a 3.4 per cent jump in real estate prices in the July-September quarter. NHB has taken 2007 prices as Residex level of 100 points as the benchmark for all cities including Ahmedabad.The marginal rise in real estate prices in the city was largely because of a 12.12 per cent rise in prices of new residential colonies in eastern parts of the city. These areas include Gomtipur, Vastral, Jhulta Minara and Old Viratnagar. On the split side, the western part of the city saw a 6.7 per cent drop in residential property prices, owing to poor demand for upper-end housing. The western part of the city includes areas like Bodakdev, Vastrapur, Bopal, Jodhpur, Ambli, Satellite, Vejalpur, Prahladnagar, Sola, Shilaj, Ambawadi, Jhundal and Chandkheda.\"The reason why one is seeing a rise in east zone prices is because investors are now parking their money in 2BHK and 1 BHK houses that are in demand and will give instant and impressive returns in the event of a slowdown. The western part of the city is devoid of such affordable housing. The BRTS corridor and the latest metro corridor route declared by the state government which takes metro to the east and north zone will only spur affordable residential clusters in these areas. These areas have now direct connectivity via metro and BRTS to GIFT, the knowledge corridor and in future, the SG Road,\" says Chintan Shah, a real estate consultant in Naroda. Real estate pundits like Cushman &amp; Wakefield in their October report had claimed that the traditional middle-range housing and migrant population are going to set the tone of city's real estate in the coming years. The report claimed that the city will see a fresh demand of 1.73 lakh houses between 2012 and 2016. The report claims that the present pace of real estate in Ahmedabad will churn out 51,000 houses a year. The high-end category will make up for a mere 20 per cent.The northern part of the city like Buddhnagar, Saijpur-Bhoga, Sardarnagar and Vishnunagar have recorded just a 2.4 per cent rise in prices over the previous quarter while the central zone witnessed a rise of 1.7 per cent which includes areas like Bhadra, Dudheshwar, Gaekwad Haveli, Girdharnagar and Wadigam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17672044", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Shinde assures fast track trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to the outrage over gangrape of a physiotherapy student in south Delhi on Sunday night, Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Tuesday assured Parliament that the government proposed to have the case heard by a fast-track court, and would seek day-to-day hearing to ensure swift punishment for those behind the atrocity.Later in the evening, Congress president Sonia Gandhi directed Shinde to ensure that the criminals are tracked, swiftly punished and crimes against women are curbed. She also spoke with Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit and National Commission for Women (NCW) chief Mamta Sharma and asked them to consider proactive measures to deal with crimes against fairer sex.Shinde announced a special task force under Union home secretary R K Singh to look into safety issues for women in Delhi \"by taking into consideration the suggestions made by MPs, but rejected the charge of negligence against Delhi Police in the particular incident\". Rather, he praised police for their swift response.The home minister, who took a detailed review of the law and order situation in the national Capital, vowed to take strict action against police officers found guilty of negligence in connection with the horrific crime.He added that the Criminal Law Amendment Bill, 2012, for dealing with sexual offences has already been introduced in the Lok Sabha \"which seeks to rationalize various sections of the IPC dealing with sexual offences\" so as to improve conviction rate.Incidentally, even as Shinde announced host of steps to bring the rapists to justice, he stood by the Delhi Police, recalling how they had immediately launched an investigation into the gangrape, arresting four accused a day after the crime.\"The case was detected without loss of time, and four of the six accused, including the bus driver, have been arrested,\" he informed Parliament. Police are on the trail of the other two accused.The bus in which the crime took place has been impounded and the MHA has directed the Delhi Police to find out if the owner of the vehicle had undertaken police verification of the driver. If the owner slipped up and failed to get the bus driver verified by the police, he, too, will face action.The bus - bearing registration number DL-IPC-0149 - belongs to a private transporter and is used to ferry children of Birla Vidya Niketan School at Pushp Vihar in Saket.Seeking to allay the MPs' fears over safety of women in the national Capital, more so at night, Shinde said the Delhi Police had taken a host of measures in this regard. All roads, he said, are patrolled by PCR vans at night and frequency of patrolling kept \"as high as possible\".\"Specific routes have been identified which are used by women returning from their workplaces like call centers/BPOs at night and the number of emergency response vehicles and PCR vans on these routes has been increased. Motorcycle patrols too have been introduced on these vulnerable routes,\" he added.The Delhi Police, said Shinde, has directed BPOs and other establishments to drop their employees at their doorsteps at night.Three dedicated helplines are functional for women. Shinde said the helpline numbers have been adequately publicized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17672261", "title": "Railway Board member visits Railway GM's office", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Member electrical, Railway Board ex-officio secretary, government of India, Kulbhushan, visited the office of general manager Railway Electrification, Allahabad on Tuesday. He reviewed the progress of ongoing RE works. He said for the current year 2012-13, a target of 1200 RKM has been fixed by the Railway Board. \"We should strive to achieve more than the targeted RKM this year. Further, any problem coming in the way of target should be overcome\". He also emphasised that quality of work should be of high standard. During the meeting general manager/CORE Jagdev Kalia and other senior officers were present on the occasion.Majlis: The martyrdom of Hazrat Imam Husain was observed in a majlis held at Imambargah, Syed Sardar Husain, Shahganj. Adressing the congregation, theologist Syed Mohammad Tusi of Bangalore said Husain, son of Hazrat Ali and grandson of Prophet Mohammad laid down his life alongwith his entire family for the cause of truth and humanity. Recalling the great deeds of Hazrat Ali, Mauland Tusi said one should not only be honest in monetary affairs but also be honest in thoughts. Earlier, Sozkhwani was presented Hasan Ali of Muzaffar Nagar. After the majlis, Shabeeh-e-Taboot (Replica of coffin) of Janab-eSakina and Zuljanah was brought out. Anjuman Haideria of Rani Mandi recited Nauhas and Matam. The majlis was organized by Anjuman Shamsheer-e-Haideri.Bank strike: A meeting of UP Bank Workers Federation (UPBWF) Allahabad Unit has decided to participate in the all India bank strike on December 20 against the government decision to pass the Bill (Banking Law Amendment Bill 2011 hurriedly, and amend the banking regulation Act 1949, Banking companies (Acquisition and transfer of undertaking) Act 1970 and 1980.BEFI and AIBEA all India body has decided to go on strike against the Bill, Bimal Choudhary district secretary UPBWF said.BJP yatra: BJP's Jan Shakti Jagran Yatra will enter in the city on December 23. The yatra is being taken out to oppose FDI in retail. The yatra will start from Hanuman Mandir in Meerapur and pass through Khathri pathshala, Attarsuiya, Rani mandi, Kotwali and terminate at Lokmath crossing. BJP leader Kesri Nath Tripathi will flag off the yatra in the city. The yatra will be led by BJP leader Yogesh Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17670818", "title": "Government calls for review of BPL criteria", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government wants the Centre to review the Below Poverty Line eligibility criteria. At present, households with an annual income of up to Rs 24,200 come under the BPL category. Minister for food and civil supplies Harun Yusuf on Tuesday said they want this criteria to be broadened, so that many more people can be brought under the BPL category, enabling them to benefit from the proposed central legislation on food security.The minister's statement came at a press meet held after a controversy erupted over chief minister Sheila Dikshit's remark at the launch of the cash-for-food scheme, Annshree Yojana, on December 15, where she had said Rs 600 as subsidy was enough to buy basic ration of dal, chawal and roti (rice, wheat and pulses) for a family of five.Yusuf attacked BJP for politicizing a pro-poor scheme and ladled out data to prove that the cost of subsidized ration for a BPL cardholder, including wheat, rice and sugar, works out at Rs 588.25. He stopped short of mentioning the number of family members that could be fed with the sum. Yusuf, however, was hard-pressed to explain how the poor would manage during inflation considering the subsidy would remain the same.Even as a statement issued by Yusuf called the Dilli Annshree Yojana an ambitious food security scheme, he could not explain how the government would ensure that the money was spent only on ration. He, however, clarified that Rs 600 subsidy was an assistance to the vulnerable families not eligible for the BPL ration under the public distribution system as there is a cap on BPL cards.Yusuf went on to attack BJP for maligning the Dikshit-led government by spreading misinformation about the subsidy.\"BJP is playing with the sentiments of the poor. I want to tell them that they must stop this. How can they forget that it was during the regime of the BJP that onions became expensive. Onions are the poor man's diet. BJP could not even ensure that in their time,\" Yusuf reacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17670684", "title": "Shorter CST-Panvel ride by April 2013", "text": "MUMBAI: The plan of Central Railway (CR) to reduce the commuting time between CST and Panvel will roll out by April 2013.According to officials, plans are afoot to attach an additional motor coach to the existing 9-car trains to increase the speed on this route. Currently, the travel time between the two destinations is 77 minutes.The additional motor coach will cut the travel time by 10 minutes. \"An extra motor coach will increase a rake's power capacity by 33% enabling it to run faster,\" said a CR senior official. \"In the first phase, the plan is to extend the length of platforms (to accommodate 10-car trains) by March 2013,\" said CR general manager Subodh Jain. Trials will be conducted and an approval of the Commissioner of Railway Safety will be sought to run 10-car services, which may be introduced by April 15, 2013.\"Initially, we aim to run at least 30 to 40 % of the services the extra coach. These services will ply the CST-Panvel route and not the CST-Andheri to Panvel-Andheri corridor,\" Jain added. Currently, Harbour line trains can reach a maximum speed of 50 kmph, although they are permitted to travel at 75 kmph. \"The close proximity of stations entail frequent deceleration. Moreover, the presence of level-crossing gates and sharing of tracks with goods trains hinder speed,\" said a CR official. The frequency of services on Harbour line is 5 minutes as compared to 4 minutes on the Main line.CR plans to carry out trials at the speed of 80 kmph and 100 kmph with older and new purple-white rakes respectively.CR uses 26 rakes to run 188 CST-Panvel, 79 CST-Belapur and 67 CST-Vashi services on Harbour line.Meanwhile, Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation officials held a meeting with their CR counterparts to chalk out a plan to extend platforms and other ancillary works to operate 12-car services on Harbour line. \"The 12-car project is expected to be completed by December 2014,\" MRVC managing director Rakesh Saksena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17671859", "title": "Preschools mushroom in Madurai, educationists call for regulation", "text": "MADURAI: At a time when preschools are mushrooming in the Temple City, educationists urge the government to regulate the schools. Government should step in to create norms with regard to children's age of admission and safety, sanitation, qualification of teachers, infrastructure and space to play at school. Regulations should be made before anything goes wrong in the preschools, they warn.V Vasanthi Devi, former vice chancellor of Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, said the absence of regulations has led to the mushrooming of preschools in cities and towns across the state. Government turns a blind eye towards the preschools as if these do not exist. While the importance of such schools cannot be denied, it is mandatory to have regulations in place, she says.Children as early as two are admitted in preschools, where, unspecialised teachers start taking classes using the black board. Unlike in western countries, where formal education starts only at the age of seven, some of the preschools here start training children to memorise texts and mathematical tables at the age of two. Needless to say this is an unhealthy practice, she said. Even in India, formal education is expected to start at the age of five. Little children are losing their childhood in the preschools. Even parents do not scrutinize the facilities and safety measures at the preschools. The teachers at the preschools are unqualified. The teachers should be qualified to take care the children, she said.While is regulation for schools including primary and middle schools, why should not regulations be there for the preschools, she wonders. Moreover, children are not taught in their mother tongue in some of the preschools. The usage of language other than mother tongue may create problems in the basic understanding of ideas and concepts, she said.Adds Salai Selvam, a Madurai-based educationist: \"Preschools in the city are administrated with a sole commercial motive. Safety measures, scientific approach of teaching and balanced syllabus are not followed even in middle and high schools, though regulations are in place. But none can expect such measures from the unregulated preschools,\" she said.Selvam wants parents to share part of the blame. They just want to admit their children at preschools close to their homes without looking at the pros and cons of these schools. Fees collected in the matriculation primary schools are far lesser when compared to the preschools; the fee here ranges from Rs 10,000 to maximum of Rs 40, 000 per child per annum depending on the infrastructure, she says. Parents predominantly from middle and upper middle class and office goers do not mind paying the fees to keep their children until they return home, she said.A senior officer with the Madurai education department said there is no regulation for preschools and play schools. We provide permission only for nursery and primary schools. The growing number of preschools in Madurai needs some regulation in place, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17671508", "title": "MLA's men thrash people for overtaking", "text": "ROHTAK: Police on Monday booked the driver and gunman of Ramniwas Ghodela, a Congress MLA from Barwala in Hisar, for allegedly assaulting the occupants of a car at a railway crossing in Jind on Sunday night. Though Ghodela was present at the time of the incident, police have not pressed any charges against him.The MLA was sitting inside the car when his gunman and driver got embroiled in a fight with two men travelling in car, after a verbal exchange after the latter overtook the MLA's car. The gunman allegedly hit complainant's car at the railway crossing. This resulted in a heated exchange as both car drivers stopped during which, the MLA's gunman allegedly assaulted the car occupant Devender Kumar of Kharak Punia village of Jind. Kumar was returning after attending a function along with his family members, including women.Police reached the spot to placate the protesters and later registered a case on the complaint of Devender. Police also registered a case against Devender and others on the complaint of MLA's staff on the same charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17673371", "title": "PGI prof sacked for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsexual harassment\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 of colleague", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a first-of-its-kind case in PGI, an assistant professor in the department of biochemistry was sacked for sexually harassing a woman colleague.The PGI issued orders of termination to the professor, Dr Parveen Bansal, on Monday. On May 16, it was alleged by Renu Chaddha, a junior lab technician in the department, that an undeserving name was added in an article published by Dr Bansal. Following this, a verbal duel ensued. The complaint of sexual bullying was forwarded to the head of the department, Dr K D Gill, who referred it to the sexual harassment committee.The committee was constituted in two days after the complaint was lodged. The panel, headed by Dr Savita Malhotra, head of the psychiatry department, in the report submitted on Monday found Dr Bansal guilty of sexual harassment.Manju Wadwalkar, official spokesperson of PGI said, \"As per the rules, he has been issued termination orders for sexual harassment against his colleague.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17673154", "title": "Hold owner responsible for deaths, demands workers organisation", "text": "PUNE: The Bandhkam Mazdoor Sabha (BMS), an organization working for the welfare of construction workers has demanded that along with the contractor, even the owner of under-construction buildings that collapse be held responsible for worker deaths.In the wake of continued deaths of workers at construction sites, BMS has also demanded that the labour commissioner form area wise vigilance committees to monitor the ongoing construction activities.\"Such tragedies will continue as nobody is bothered about the lives of poor construction workers. Not only the contractor but the owner too should be held responsible for the deaths if an under-construction building collapses. Only when owners are held responsible, will they take steps to ensure safety of construction workers. We had demanded in the month of May that a committee comprising a local police officer, building permission officer and labour officer be formed to monitor construction sites. No steps have been taken in this regard,\" said Nitin Pawar, secretary of BMS.Pawar added that construction workers should register themselves with the labour department to be eligible for benefits of the welfare board set up for them by the government. \"But the registration process is lengthy and for this reason construction workers have shown little interest in registering themselves,\" said Pawar.He added that 11 people, including construction workers, had died at a construction site at Taljai Pathar in Sahakarnagar when an unauthorized building had collapsed in September. But the authorities concerned have not taken any step to ensure safety of construction workers even after that.The National Centre for Advocacy Studies and the BMS had taken up a study on safety a few years ago. As part of the study, 200 households from 43 construction sites in four areas of Pune - Aundh, Ramnagar, Sus road and Kothrud - were selected. An important point that had emerged in the study was that migrant labourers who came here for work from various regions in India had seen such adverse conditions that they were willing to work at very cheap rates. It was also found that women workers were the worst sufferers as they were paid as little as Rs 35-50 a day.Politicos ruin welfare board objectiveThe government had enacted the Building and Other Construction Workers (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1996 with a view to regulate the employment and the working condition of construction workers and to provide for their safety, health and to also introduce welfare measures for them. Under the act, every state government should have formed a 'State Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board', which would focus on providing welfare and social security to workers such as immediate assistance to a beneficiary in case of an accident, payment of pension to the beneficiaries who have completed 60 years of age, offer them loans and advances for construction of house, paying premium for group insurance scheme etc. \"The Maharashtra government established the board in 2007. But the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress parties nominated their leaders on the board. So we cannot hope anything from the board as it has become a political rehabilitation board,\" said Nitn Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-19"}
