{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17028928", "title": "An 'emotional tribute' to victims of tragedy", "text": "GUWAHATI: Noted sculptor and artist of national repute Biren Singha who designed the Martyrs' Memorial Altar at the Ganeshguri bomb blast site took inspiration from Mother Nature to pay tribute to the victims of the October 30 serial bombings in the state. The memorial was inaugurated by chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday.The artist has sculpted a huge tree which represents the state, and its leaves and branches symbolize the different communities and people residing here. The tree is meant to remind the people that they belong to a single entity and the leaves and branches are a representation of the diversity of the population emerging out of the single form.Made from fibre glass, the memorial tree has been sculpted on one of the massive pillars of the flyover, the very spot where the blast took place.\"The memorial was initiated by the state government. I was told to design a memorial after the tragedy took place and I could not deny the offer. It took me around five months to complete it. This work of mine is very close to my heart. Life is a prayer and it is very sacred. The earthen lamp under the tree signifies a righteous path, one which we ought to take. Violence has caused a rip in the heart of the tree and it has been ruptured,\" said Biren Singha.Singha, who has also designed Bhupen Hazarika and Protima Pandey's statue, had to embark on an emotional reckoning while working on the monument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17027971", "title": "Parties compete for visibility at function in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Thevar Jayanthi was celebrated in Trichy with a show of strength by Pasumpon Muthuramalinga Thevar's followers. Slogans were raised in praise of him, roads were blocked by followers, and there was one-upmanship among various political parties to honour the leader, who has been cherished by one and all in the state.On behalf of DMK, the party's district secretary and former minister K N Nehru led the salutation, followed by his party's frontline leaders like former minister Selvaraj, city DMK secretary and former mayor Anbazhagan, former MLAs Anbil Periyasamy, K N Sekharan and Barani Kumar. The statue garlanding function at Central bus stand was done under the guidance of DMK's district treasurer K K M Thangaraja.The AIADMK team was led by district organizing secretary Vellamandi Natarajan. Congressmen assembled under the leadership of district president Jerome Arockiaraj and former mayor Charubala. The DMDK was represented by its district secretary Vijayarajan, and BJP was represented by its district secretary Parthipan.Members of All-India Forward Bloc, that perpetuates the legacy of the leader, organized a Guru Pooja after the ceremonious cooking in front of the life-size statue. It was attended by its district president A D R Thevar and its district secretary Velusamy. The garlanding was also done by members of the Sivaji Samuga Nala Peravai, Thevar Peravai, Mukkulathor Peravai, and Ponmalai Movendar Panpattu Kazhagam.Elaborate security arrangements were made by police as the situation was tense. As many as seven assistant commissioners, 14 inspectors, 75 sub-inspectors, and 450 police constables kept vigil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17027764", "title": "Jail chief shunted over clash", "text": "MANGALORE: Clashes among undertrials at the district jail here last Friday over serving of biryani on Bakrid has resulted in the transfer to PS Ambekar, assistant superintendent of prisons and jail superintendent, to Udupi.Incidentally, the department of prisons had placed warder Puttanachari on suspension for dereliction of duty in this connection and sent DIGP (prisons) MC Vishwanathaiah to the city to take stock of the situation and submit a report.KV Gagandeep, additional director-general of police (prisons), told TOI that Doddakamaiah, assistant superintendent of prisons from Tumkur, has been named as Ambekar's replacement. \"The department of prisons has decided to shift some of the undertrials to the new barracks opposite the existing district jail,\" Gagandeep said adding Vishwanathaiah has been directed to remain in the city and oversee their transfer to the new prison facility.The department has expended Rs 4 crore on construction of the new facility, Gagandeep said adding that work of providing facilities such as power and water supply will be completed in the next two days and the prisoners shifted.\"While some undertrials will remain in the existing jail, the rest as decided by the authorities here will be shifted to the new barracks,\" he said adding some hardcore elements among them will be sent to Raichur and Gulbarga.The department will also seek information from the commissioner of police Manish Kharbikar and superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal in identifying members of rival gangs lodged in the district jail to ensure their effective segregation.\"They will have better information on local gang equations,\" he said.He added that segregation will give prison authorities better command and control over the inmates for its orderly and effective administration.Additionally, 15 under training warders from Mysore will also be given attachment posting to the prison facility here, Gagandeep said adding that this experience will stand them in good stead when they are given regular posting. The state government will take a final call on shifting the jail to a new location on the outskirts of the city, Gagandeep said.He added that till such time the new spacious barracks, eight each housed in two wings, will be used fully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17028842", "title": "Uncle rapes, murders 3-year-old Sindri girl", "text": "SINDRI: A three-year-old girl was raped and killed by her uncle in another case of diabolic crimes in the state. The Gaushala police have arrested Gullu Reddy, who reportedly confessed to his crime, and forwarded him to judicial custody. Rajdeo Sharma, officer in-charge of Gaushala outpost of Sindri PS, said, \"Gullu was watching television at his brother Sonu Gope's house on Monday evening.sAt around 7.15pm when power supply got disrupted, Gullu invited Payal, the three-year-old-daughter of Sonu Gope to his house on the pretext of giving her biscuits. As both of them were living side by side, no one doubted his intensions and allowed Payal to go out with him with instructions to return soon.\"However when Payal did not return, Sonu went to Gullu's house but could not find wither Gullu or Payal there. They then started searching for him in the neighbourhood and the nearby market. Disturbed over the disappearance of his daughter with Gullu, Sonu informed the Gaushala police who started searching them, but to no avail. The police, however, succeeded in nabbing Gullu in an inebriated condition late at the night, but he was not in the condition to say anything. \"He confessed in the morning to have killed Payal by strangulating her,\" said the officer.The police found the dead body in the bushes behind Churi patti on Tuesday morning and sent it for autopsy to Dhanbad. According to the officer in-charge, the post-mortem report has confirmed rape before murder. The police have lodged a case under various sections of IPC and forwarded him to judicial custody.People gathered before the house of the deceased girl were demanding capital punishment for the culprit and the police had a tough time handling the irate mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "17026588", "title": "Dawane killing: Five arrested in Pushkar", "text": "GONDIA: Five killers of local Shreeram Sena chief Dharam Dawane, who were absconding for around 20 days, were arrested at Pushkar in Rajasthan and were brought to Gondia on Tuesday. They have been remanded to police custody till November 11.President of Gondia district Shreeram Sena, Dharam Dawane was brutally murdered in the night of October 9 and the killers had been absconding since then. The local Ramnagar police had to face the wrath of Dawane's followers due to delay in the arrest of the killers. However, the five main accused were arrested in at Dharmashala of Pushkar Rajasthan on October 28 and were brought here on Tuesday. When they were produced before the court, they were remanded to police custody till November 11.The arrested are Julphikar alias Chotu Gani (27), Rohit alias Golu Tiwari (27), Manish alias Akki Agrahari (24), Rohit alias Pintu Bhalawi - all residents of New Laxminagar Ward, Gondia and Prakasha alias Pappu Bajpai (24) of Ramnagar Gondia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027990", "title": "Rights groups slam Pak bid to get UN Human Rights Council membership", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ironically, even as a young Pakistani girl, Malala Yousufzai, is recovering from being shot in the head by Taliban extremists, Pakistan is seeking to become a member of the UN's Human Rights Council (HRC) for the next couple of years. India, indeed all of Asia, is backing Pakistan's candidature, despite the fact that Islamabad continues to attack New Delhi openly in HRC. Pakistan's \"election\" is scheduled for November 12.But Pakistan, which went through its \"universal periodic review\" (UPR) on Tuesday at the HRC in Geneva , has attracted near-total condemnation from the human rights NGO community. UN Watch in a report to mark the occasion said in 2008, Pakistan was uniformly praised for its human rights \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"out of the 36 countries who took the floor, no less than 20 heaped praise on Pakistan. They misused the process in order to legitimize Pakistan's human rights abuses, instead of holding its government to account.\" This year repeated attacks on minorities, students and girls in Pakistan culminated with the attack on Malala. Human rights activists are agitating against Pakistan becoming a member of HRC.Another rights group, Human Rights Watch , in a recent report said there was unprecedented number of attacks on schools and students and activists throughout Pakistan. They said they had collected reports of 96 school attacks in Pakistan this year alone.\"Most of these attacks were in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province (KP) and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) bordering Afghanistan . Fourteen attacks were reported from Mohmand Agency in the tribal areas. Dozens of attacks were reported from various districts of KP. Thirteen schools were attacked in Swabi district, 12 in Charsadda district, and 11 in Mardan district. Schools have also been attacked in Balochistan and Sindh provinces. The United Nations reported 152 incidents of partial or complete destruction of school facilities in FATA and KP in 2011,\" HRW said in a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026467", "title": "Another paper leak forces Nagpur University to defer exam", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's love affair with paper leaks continues. Though its officials are yet to find the culprits of sensational leak of BCCA Final year ( Business Law ) paper, exposed by TOI on April 22, it has been hit by another such incident.On Tuesday, the university cancelled the English Literature-II paper of MA Final Year after it was leaked from Shivaji Arts College in Rajura of Chandrapur district. Though NU officials asserted it was an \"accidental\" leak, NU statutory body members raised suspicion over functioning of the system and demanded action against the college. Controller of Examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke confirmed the leak but refused to provide details.Sources from NU Exam Section informed that 127 students were supposed to appear in Tuesday's paper from 15 centres in six districts from 9.30am to 12.30pm. They said the leak took place on Monday itself while Shivaji college officials were distributing question papers of another exam. However, wrong packet was opened by mistake by one of them and that led to the leak. Also, the college officials failed to inform NU in time. They alerted the CoE and other officials in the evening and NU Exam Section began work on damage control.Pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie attributed the incident to \"carelessness\" of Shivaji College. \"We have referred the matter to Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) as per rules and only it can recommend further action on college. For the time being, we have deferred the paper and new dates will be announced soon,\" he informed.He clarified that though Chandrapur was now under Gondwana University, it was only conducting first year exams while NU was holding second year exam. However, aggrieved students told TOI that NU failed to inform them about deferring of the paper and they came to know of it only when they reached their respective centres. The students stated such leaks were not new and that even during first paper of English Literature of same course, a couple of days back, there were several mistakes in question paper.NU statutory members slammed the administration for failing to take lessons from BCCA paper leak that had brought much disgrace to the institution. \"At least now they should introspect and improve the system. Such incidents cause loss to the university in general and students in particular,\" said one member.NU failed to take steps to avoid paper leaks even after chancellor K Sankaranarayanan, who had summoned VC Vilas Sapkal to Mumbai over mishandling of BCCA paper leak, directed him to take urgent steps. The chancellor had asked Sapkal to revamp the examination system and fill up the vacant posts in exam and other sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028592", "title": "Coldest October gives Lucknow winter chill", "text": "LUCKNOW: The month of October in the city this year was the coldest in last one decade. The winter normally sets in November, but this year the process has started a month in advance. The minimum temperatures in October have dropped to the level normally experienced in November last week. The reason: early snowfall in the hill region due to western disturbances. The northwesterly winds coming from hills have brought the chill to the plains.The minimum temperatures in the city have been below normal for past two weeks. However, it dropped to 11.7 degrees Celsius, five degrees below normal, on Monday, the coldest since 2002. On Tuesday, there was a marginal rise -- 12.2 degrees Celsius, which was also five degrees below normal. The maximum temperatures during the day have also been below normal due to mist and smog. The maximum temperature in the city on Tuesday was 30.4 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal. Similar conditions are expected to prevail for next 48 hours.The impact of the 'chill' is visible as people have started wearing woollens during morning and night. \"The weather conditions are pleasant but one has to put on a jacket while driving a two wheeler in the late hours. If you open windows, there is no need of fan in the night,\" said Ajay Bhatt, a tax consultant. Beena Singh, a housewife, said this year the sudden drop in the night temperature has taken her by surprise. \"One needs to take extra care of health when the fluctuation of temperature is high. There is difference of almost 18 degrees between day and night temperatures,\" she said.State Met director JP Gupta said western disturbances are responsible for rainfall and early snowfall in the hill regions. However, he added, the drop in temperatures in October is not unusual as the minimum temperature had dropped to 13 degrees Celsius on October 28 last year and 12.2 degrees Celsius on October 26, 2009. He said the minimum temperature will rise to normal level in coming days. However, winter will be chilly and foggy as usual. The state might also witness cloudy sky on November 3 and 4 due to \"Nilam\" cyclone which is expected to hit Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh on Wednesday.Other parts of the state are also witnessing low minimum temperatures. While day temperatures are between 27-32 degrees Celsius, night temperatures are between 10-16 degrees Celsius. While minimum temperature in Kanpur on Tuesday was 12.6 degrees Celsius, Varanasi recorded 14.6 degrees Celsius, Allahabad 14.4 degrees, Agra 13.8 degrees and Rae Bareli 12.8 degrees. Banda was the coldest with 10.6 degrees Celsius, seven degrees below normal, followed by Najibabad with 11.5 degrees Celsius, six degrees below normal, and Muzaffarnagar at 11.6 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17028871", "title": "Now, work out with captain cool at Dhoni's gym", "text": "RANCHI: Youths in the state capital will soon get the opportunity to work out with none other than their very own caption cool, Mahendra Singh Dhoni. Ranchi will be the next stop for Dhoni's gym, SportsFit, which is already running successfully in other centres. December is the likely date for the debut.The cricketer has himself identified an 8,000sqft area in Ring Road for the fitness club. Pregnant women and people with special health conditions can also join. Money will not be a constraint as SportsFit will help members get interest free loans to get enrolled.Arun Pandey, Dhoni's manager and partner in his sporting venture along with the SportsFit chief executive officer were recently in town to finalize the venture. The CEO, Pankaj Guliani, confirmed that the club would open next month.Guliani said, \"The Ranchi centre, like other centres, will have state-of-the-art equipment from brands that Dhoni himself uses.\"There would also be a cafe for relaxing after a hard workout.\"There will be internet facilities, television, music and newspapers at the cafe. The cafe will be a great place to relax,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17026863", "title": "HC relief for Parthasarathi", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a huge relief to secondary education minister K Parthasarathi, Justice K G Shankar of the AP high court on Tuesday condoned the 1394-day delay (nearly 4 years) and admitted an appeal filed by the minister and his firm KPR Tele Products against an order passed by the appellate tribunal for foreign exchange, New Delhi, that upheld the Rs-3 lakh penalty imposed on them.The penalty was imposed by the Enforcement Directorate in 2001 on Parthasarathi and his company for sending money to a foreign nation in 1998. Though they claimed that the money transaction was carried out for importing certain machinery for the company, the ED authorities slapped a case against them because the import of machinery did not happen and the money transfer was done in contravention to the provisions of Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA).The ED authorities imposed a penalty of Rs 3 lakh on the company and its MD Parthasarathi. Later, an appellate tribunal upheld the same in 2008. Following this, a criminal court had convicted Parthasarathi and enhanced the penalty amount to Rs 5 lakh apart from sentencing the minister to two months of jail.Following this, the minister and his firm preferred an appeal against the appellate tribunal order saying that the order was never communicated to them. Even though the minister has only 60 days time to go for an appeal in the HC, the judge, however, said that the question of delay would not arise in the current case as the order was not communicated to the minister. The judge admitted the appeal and stayed the penalty order of the tribunal till disposal of the appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028418", "title": "Zakir Hussain Trust row: Channel seeks time, hearing on January 16", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday granted time to television news channel 'Aaj Tak' to furnish the records before the court relating over the controversy surrounding Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust run by Union Cabinet minister Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise Khurshid till January 16, 2013. The court had on October 18 issued notice to the news channel for furnishing the details and documents, which it was broadcasting alleging that the trust was involved in large-scale irregularities. On Tuesday, the counsel for the channel appeared before the court and sought more time. The court granted him time, fixing January 16 as the next date of hearing.The order came from a bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Satish Chandra on a PIL seeking registration of a FIR into the matter and monitoring of the investigation by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031721", "title": "Himachal elections: Sparring Cong, BJP make Rohtang tunnel poll plank", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17027708", "title": "Shri Babu to be part of school syllabus, says education minister", "text": "PATNA: Shri Babu was the architect of modern Bihar and it was during his regime that the state was declared the best governed state in India, recalled former Union minister L P Shahi on Monday at a function to celebrate the 125th birth anniversary of Shri Krishna Sinha.Highlighting his achievements which included the abolition of zamindari system in Bihar, Shahi said Shri Babu remained undeterred despite drawing flak from his own community over the decision.Education minister P K Shahi said the biographies of Shri Babu and Anugrah Narayan Singh would be included in the school syllabus soon so that children could derive inspiration from their lives.He also said Shri Babu worked for the holistic development of his state and was opposed to casteism.Recalling his valuable contribution to the development in the agriculture sector, senior Congress leader Ram Jatan Sinha said Shri Krishna Sinha had ensured the opening of various agriculture colleges in the state as he had the vision to see that, in the long run, agriculture would be the backbone of the state economy.Students of several schools were given prizes for their performance in an interschool essay writing competition on the 'Contribution of S K Sinha in the Scientific and Technological Development of Bihar' and science quiz contest organized in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027087", "title": "Old cases haunt first-time ministers", "text": "KOLKATA: Within 48 hours of being inducted in the Union cabinet, Adhir Chowdhury and Deepa Das Munshi are being bombarded with criminal charges and accusations from homeground Bengal.An FIR was lodged on Tuesday against Deepa, minister of state for urban development, at Uttarpara police station for allegedly threatening the brother of a theatre artiste missing since 1992. To rub it in, senior Trinamool Congress leader Subrata Mukherjee insinuated that Adhir and Deepa's induction will tarnish the government's image.Adhir, MoS railways, hit back at Subrata, saying, \"Let them not worry about it. What we are, we are. It is for our party leadership and people to decide.\" The Murshidabad strongman challenged Trinamool to find a single criminal case pending against him. \"I will quit if they find my name in any case,\" he said.Adhir has been acquitted in two murder cases and the state government is learnt to have challenged at least one.Deepa, on the other hand, is accused in an abduction case dating back to 1992 when theatre artist Biman Bhattacharya went missing from Panditiya Place. He has not been traced so far. His brother Bidhan lodged a FIR with Gariahat police station on June 20, 1992, against Deepa and the Jyoti Basu government started a case against her.The case was recently reopened after Bhattacharya wrote to Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee. Last month, he had written to President Pranab Mukherjee and the Prime Minister as well.On Tuesday, Bhattacharya said that he was on his way to visit his ailing mother-in-law in Uttarpara on Monday night when a group of men blocked his way near Konnagar telephone exchange around 9.30am. As he slowed to a halt, some more men got out of a jeep and threatened him. \"They said that Deepa Boudi is now a minister and if I do not withdraw the case against her, my condition will be worse than my brother's. Two of them had revolvers in their hands. The men were mostly in their late 20s, but there were two who were in their 40s. I was so traumatized that I failed to note down the jeep's registration number,\" Bhattacharya said, adding that the jeep moved off towards Serampore.Bhattacharya has lodged an FIR, but fears he will be attacked. \"I feel insecure,\" he said. Deepa could not be contacted for comment.Adhir's name figured in three different cases, the oldest dating back to September 12, 2003, when he was accused of rioting, murder and criminal conspiracy in Ketugram (Case No. 47/03). On March 21, 2010, a Katwa fast-track court acquitted him of all charges.In July 2005, he was accused in a double murder and was arrested from his official residence in New Delhi on November 19 on a non-bailable warrant. He spent a month and a half in jail before securing bail in Calcutta high court. On May 21, a Berhampore court acquitted him of all charges. The state government has filed an appeal in the high court.Senior advocate Bhaskar Sen said, \"Till a person is convicted, no one is guilty. An appeal against an acquittal doesn't mean that he still faces those charges.\" Criminal lawyer Tamal Mukherjee echoed Sen, saying: \"Till the high court finds him guilty, he can't be dragged to the charges for which he was acquitted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026541", "title": "Traffic cops let motorists violate rules only to book them later", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite strict guidelines from the state police for regulating smooth vehicular movement by manning traffic junctions, the traffic cops in city are doing just the opposite.Instead of manning traffic junctions, traffic cops stand at distant places and allow motorists to violate rules and later penalize them.In fact, traffic cops are supposed to stand at any one of the four corners of a junction or inside the booth, admitted in-charge ACP (traffic) and information officer Avinash More while replying to a RTI query by activist Abhay Kolarkar.Barring a few major crossings like Variety Square, Law College Square, RBI Square, Agrasen Chowk, Chhatrapati Square, hardly any traffic cop can be spotted at busy junctions.The city's traffic police department has a strength of around 500 police personnel including one deputy commissioner of police, six senior police inspectors, PSIs, APSIs, head constables and constables. Despite this, traffic cops are deployed only at 85 junctions, while there are 86 busy crossings where no policemen are deputed, reveals the RTI reply.Expressing concern, lawyer and traffic activist Tushar Mandlekar asked, \"Who will police the police?\" Traffic constables missing from important traffic junctions have deteriorated the vehicular movement at many places, he alleged.A case in point is the Rani Jhansi Square. At this junction, two cops are deployed to regulate traffic. Instead, the men in white shirt and khakhi pants, choose to stand on North Ambazari Road resulting in chaos by three and six-seater autorickshaws.In the RTI reply, More revealed another interesting fact which stated that the department has recovered Rs 10,93,50,850 fine by penalizing 8,24,052 motorists for violating traffic rules. Despite generating such a big amount, not a single penny has been spent for improving city's traffic.Another thing which needs to be appreciated is that many a time these cops discharge their duties in extreme weather conditions, especially during summer.A majority of two-wheeler riders cover their faces with scarves or dupattas. Though the reason cited is protecting the skin from Sun, the fact remains that it also hides the identity of the person.Despite having provisions to book two-wheeler riders for riding without headgear, nothing has improved on city roads, Kolarkar alleged. Even the trend of covering faces with scarves by two-wheeler riders has increased manifold. The traffic officer admitted that covering faces with scarves is a punishable offence under section 140 of Bombay Police Act.\"If the objective is to save your skin from Sun, the helmet is a better option and besides I have seen boys driving with their faces covered in the evening,\" pointed out Kolarkar demanding that the traffic department relaunch the drive against drivers covering their faces with scarves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026381", "title": "Laxminarayan Institute of Technology students serve environ, society as part of contest", "text": "NAGPUR: Since the last month or so, the campus of Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT) has been the site of many a noble acts. From promoting energy and resource conservation to preventing wastage of food, the students of this elite institution are undertaking many 'tasks' to accomplish a higher end. Along the way, they have celebrated occasions like zero emission day, zero food waste day and 'no light hour' among others.All these tasks are part of a technical fest organized by Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, which gives participating colleges a list of hundred odd tasks to be performed over a few months. Fifteen students of LIT, under the aegis of Integrated Students Self-Actualizing Committee (ISSAC), have been leading the way through these initiatives. ISSAC has five wings - e-cell, green club, energy conservation , musical society and sports and culture society - to fulfil all the tasks.\"We were perhaps the only college in the state to observe zero emission day in our premises. When we were celebrating Ganapti festival, we realized the massive waste of food on the day of mahaprasad. We were determined not to waste food during this time, so we organized the zero food waste day on the same day,\" said second year student Abhishek Bangadkar.To achieve this end, the students asked all the guests the quantity of prasad they wanted. \"The platters made of leaves were fed to cattle afterwards, to avoid even the slightest waste of food,\" he added.Other initiatives included visiting a nearby site where NGO Nisarga Mitra is building a sanctuary for endangered animals. \"There, we helped the NGO by contributing towards building a reservoir, where the animals in these safe environs could come to drink water,\" said Hrushikesh Thodhe, a final year student.He said the efforts taken by ISSAC have paid off in more ways than one. \"We have already completed around 60 of the 100 tasks. Moreover, there is a visible difference in the attitude of our classmates. Students generally do not think beyond examinations and marks. But now, we have students complaining to the authorities regarding problems like leaking taps and seeping walls. They are also making a more judicious use of resources,\" he said.\"Our own level of social awareness and responsibility has increased manifold,\" added Abhishek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17028875", "title": "Child marriages: Jharkhand among worst", "text": "RANCHI: Child marriage is considered one of the biggest social evils of the society and Jharkhand does not seem to be trying hard enough to curb the menace.According to various government data, including that of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Jharkhand has been among the top three states of the country where practice of child marriage is the highest - and the average cases has never gone below 50% - in the past 10 years.According to a global survey done by the UNFPA titled 'Marrying Too Young: End Child Marriage', which was released this month, 47% women between 20 to 24 years of age in India had married by 18 during 2000-2011.Various national reports say the percentage of child marriage is much higher in Jharkhand compared to the national average of 47%. According to the Annual Health Survey of 2010-11, Jharkhand comes on the third position after Bihar and Rajasthan with 51.8% girls being married below 18 years.In Jharkhand, Deogarh leads in child marriage with an average of 72.4% followed by Giridih at 71.2% and Hazaribag at 65.7%.Similarly, the report of National Family and Health Survey-III 2005-06 said 63.2% women of Jharkhand got married before 18 years and Jharkhand was at the second position after Bihar. According to the data of district level health survey-III 2007-08, this average is 55.7% with Jharkhand being on third position.Unicef state head Job Zachariah said, \"The most dependable indicator of child marriage is a survey among married women between the age of 20-24 years, who have been married before 18 years and all the survey reports are based on it.\"Education is the best protection against child marriage, said Zachariah. \"According to the data available with the Unicef, 95% of girls are enrolled in primary schools in Jharkhand but the number decreases as we move up to high school. The average of girls enrolled in middle school is 40% and it remains only 20% in high school,\" he said. \"When the girl drops out of school, the first thought that comes to parent's mind is getting her married. Those girls who are in high school are not married. So to prevent child marriage, we will have to ensure that girls are sent to school and number of high schools should be increased in the state, so they are easily accessible by girls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027711", "title": "After Britain, US, too, warms up to Narendra Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the thaw in his ties with the UK, Gujarat CM Narendra Modi got another opportunity to gloat about the US on Tuesday, saying that he was free to apply for a US visa. As US Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs Robert Blake made the remark, he also emphasized how important Gujarat was for US investments lending substance to the suggestion that this indeed was an endorsement for Modi from the most powerful country in the world.\"He's free to apply for another visa whenever he chooses, and you know, the system will take its course,'' said Blake. He was replying to a question about whether the US too had any plan of \"warming up\" to Gujarat and Modi.US deputy secretary of state William Burns had said last week that US authorities would handle the Gujarat CM's \"potential visa application'' as per its immigration laws. Blake, however, seemed to be suggesting that the US was not averse to Modi applying for a visa.He spoke about how good relations were between the US and Gujarat before he mentioned that Modi was free to apply for visa.\"It's obviously a very, very important market for our American companies. And we'll continue to have those kinds of relations. We do every thing we can to promote trade, and not just with Gujarat but with all the states in India...,''he said.Blake added though that he didn't want to speculate on possible outcomes, despite being asked repeatedly if the US intended to work with Modi who could be the opposition prime ministerial candidate. \"I do not want to speculate on, about the future outcomes - even of your state elections or of your prime ministerial elections - those are internal matters - and of course we will work with whoever is elected and put into office,'' he said.Modi was denied a US visa in 2005, when he wanted to visit Florida. Blake's statement sparked another round of exultation by BJP leaders who said they stood vindicated. ``It is a slap on the face of people who sought to make a big issue out of how he was denied visa by the US. With Gujarat progressing like the way it has, it is only natural that more international recognition is coming his way,'' said party Rajya Sabha MP Balbir Punj.Left parties, however, slammed the US for its U-turn on Modi. CPI leader A B Bardhan said, \"Earlier they denied him visa, but now they are falling head over heels to woo him because they know he will serve the US interests better.\"He said the US wants the defeat of the Communists and the Congress even though Manmohan Singh-led UPA government's decision to allow FDI in retail serves its interests. \"Manmohan is subject to pressure from within and outside. But, Modi is firm while dealing with local people and parties, but will be pliable in dealing with the US. The US knows Modi will serve the US interests better,\" said Bardhan.CPM central committee member Mohammed Salim said after the UK, the US is following suit in wooing Modi. \"Suddenly, western powers are trying to see virtue in Modi-land,\" said Salim. He believed the US is trying to take advantage of the political uncertainty and instability in the country. \"They are trying to warm up to Modi as part of their future political investment,\" said Salim.Right now, there seems no clear winner in the 2014 general elections. \"So, Japan, the UK and now the US are attempting to swing the mood in the country. They are trying to endorsing Modi as an acceptable face and influence the Indian people,\" said Salim, adding, \"The victims of genocide and secular people of India will not forgive, forget or accept perpetrators of genocide.\"\"Modispeak, his so-called Sadbhavna Yatra and exploiting Vivekananda have not worked with the common people. But, it seems to have worked with the British. Many foreign governments are trying to warm up to him as part of their future political investment,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026284", "title": "'Separate zones for troublefree nightlife'", "text": "MUMBAI: Unlike New York, we do not have our own Meatpacking District with a vibrant bustling nightlife in trendy clubs and exclusive lounges but the recent police action against patrons of a lounge bar in a non-residential area over curfew hours has given rise to a debate over the need to have entertainment zones in Mumbai too.New York has its Meatpacking District where a vibrant bustling nightlife in trendy clubs and exclusive lounges has replaced the long dead meat shops. Mumbai, has no such district but the recent police action against patrons of a lounge bar in a non-residential area over curfew hours has led to a debate in the society for a need to have entertainment zones in the city too.Even several senior lawyers agree that separate zones for entertainment could be considered as a part of the city's master plan for which development control regulations could be modified. If a particular zone is marked for clubs and pubs, residents would not have to bear with noise pollutions and snarls, allegedly caused near pubs, they said. \"Bars owners must stick to the timings laid down, but the deadlines have to be reviewed, at least in specific areas, to complement a changed lifestyle,\" counsel Rajiv Kumar said. He added the timing has to be modified as young professionals from fields like law, media, advertising and corporate world might want to unwind in pubs after working late hours. ; many of them service foreign clients based abroad and adjust their work schedule with the business hours overseas.\"Some of them even hold meetings with clients in restaurants and bars. They may also want to step out to unwind after a hard day's work before returning to the grind. A city like Mumbai needs to have separate zones where lounges may stay open till late.\"Another senior lawyer Amit Desai said the city could experiment with extended timings, which are applicable to five-star hotels, in non-residential areas or malls. But he pointed out that the rationale to have deadlines must be recognized as a balancing factor in societal interest and to curb crimes or drunk driving cases.Even Bandra-Khar residents have been pressing for entertainment districts in business hubs. In BKC or Nariman Point, offices close around 7pm and club activities there could go on till wee hours, they said.Bandra's Advanaced Locality Management groups recently objected to the presence of bars and pubs within residential areas because of the noise pollution, snarls and \"other nuisance\" allegedly caused by pubs and patrons. An increasing irritant is the way cars are parked in narrow lanes, they said.Bar owners, on their part, said though they usually stuck to deadlines, sometimes, it was a delicate task to coax clients to leave. They also complained that they had started facing police harassment even for the slightest of law violation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17025603", "title": "Vijender Singh steals show without dealing a blow", "text": "HYDERABAD: Super heavy fighter from Madhya Pradesh , Gajendra gave a glimpse of his abounding talent as also what is in store for his future opponents at the 59th Senior National Boxing Championship which began here on Tuesday with a brilliant first round victory over Trivikram Dev of Andhra Pradesh.But even before the focus shifted to the ring Beijing Games bronze medalist warmed the cockles of boxing aficionado by painting a rosy picture of Indian boxing.Speaking after he was felicitated by the Andhra Pradesh Boxing Association, Vijender Singh predicted a bright future for Indian boxers. The poster boy of Indian boxing said he was confident that ten pugilists will qualify for the 2016 Olympics.Results (Rd I): Lt fly (49 kg): Lal Chand Dhaw (WB) bt KM Prashanth (Ker) 18-3. Fly: Sunil (RSPB) bt Sanjay Mishra (MP) 24-4; Gorav Bidhuri (Del) bt Netra Bahadur Thapa ( HP ) 23-6. Bantam (56 kg): Ashish (UP) bt Leo Johns (Ker) RSC; Amit Bisth (Raj) bt Jitender (SPSB) 15-10; Kulwinder Singh (Pun) bt Aman (HP) 15-10; Pradeep (Bih) lost to Kamal Singh (Tri); Chote Lal Yadav (SSCB) bt Manikandan (RSPB) 16-6; Surender (Chd)bt Dari Lakina (Anp) 19-5; Ajay Kumar (Har) bt Sunny (Ori) 15-12; VD Rao (Kar) bt Shobhnath (Guj) RSC; Pranit Kumbhar (Mah) bt Murugen (A&N;) RSC; Vikas (Dli) lost to Yudveer (MP) 8-20. Super heavy (91 kg): Manjeet Singh (Pun) bt Gurpreet Singh (Del) 11-7; Gajendra (MP) bt Trivikram Dev (AP) RSC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17027901", "title": "MCC officials rapped for lapses", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation performed poorly in the delivery of basic service when the Royal City was hosting Dasara. As against 1,768 complaints about UGD malfunctioning, it attended to only 1,327 (75%). The data between October 10 and 30 reflects badly when the performance is compared to those between October 21 and 30. Of the 823 complaints, the civic body attended to only 476 (57.83%). Significantly, it was the crucial period given that tourist flow multiplied days after the nine-day Dasara festival started on October 16.MCC commissioner M R Ravi on Tuesday admitted the lapse, but blamed it on the concentration of manpower to attend to the sanitation needs of the city centre and in tourist spots. The average performance by the civic body, which has left the residents fuming, came in for severe criticism with corporators cutting across party lines blaming the administration for the alleged lapse. \"If you cannot deliver even the fundamental services assigned to the civic body, why are you continuing? It is a shame on us,\" the members told the officials, during the council meeting. The problem generated heat and consigned 120 minutes when the corporators assailed the ruling dispensation.Part of the problem was due to a misunderstanding the official machinery had on handling manholes. Ravi has ordered that civic workers should not get down into the manholes to clean them, which, the members argued, is leading to the problem \"as there is no mechanism to desilt them\". \"The desilting machines ordered are yet to arrive and the pourakarmikas are not getting into them,\" they told mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy. In his defence, the commissioner said his directive was as per the Supreme Court order banning manual scavenging. \"I had ordered them not to get into the pit. But never said that they should not clean it opening the lid,\" he clarified.During the meeting, it was revealed that the contract for UGD network maintenance is awarded to contractors (who were previously awarded) without any approval from the House. There were lapses by the contractors too, which the officials admitted when they said the manpower employed is less than specified. \"In Narasimharaja segment, only 24-26 workers are on duty as against the ordered 36,\" a junior official told the House. However, the MCC chief said he has not allowed payment in full.It was also found that MCC had deviated from the resolution adopted during the last meeting (in September) which was adopted following a heated debate on the solid waste management plant at Sewage Farm in Vidyaranyapuram. Ravi accepted the lapse noting that there are changes in the text of the resolution which was put before the House for ratification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027313", "title": "Stubborn Goa govt says 1 km buffer zone enough", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government has reiterated its stand on the buffer zone issue and is likely to pitch in for a eco sensitive zone (ESZ) of one km only, pleading that Goa is the third-smallest state in the country and a bigger area will further limit the scope for the already restricted development.The government's stance assumes significance as a public interest litigation on buffer zones around protected areas before Supreme Court is likely to come up on November 2, 2012. The Goa government is expected to file its affidavit in connection with the matter.Sources said the state is the first one to respond and the concept of buffer zones should not be applicable to Goa because of its small size.The national board of wildlife had mooted a buffer zone of 10 kms in 2002 and asked states to submit their proposals. Many states raised objections as some protected areas skirted urban conglomerations or industrial zones. Recently, the centrally empowered committee appointed by the apex court recommended an ESZ of maximum 2 kms for the biggest wildlife sanctuaries of over 500 sq kms and 100 metres for the smallest.The Goa government has accepted the CEC recommendations, which would mean Goa's wildlife sanctuaries would get a ESZ of 2 kms for contiguous sanctuaries, but the government is likely to plead for it to be restricted to one km.The number of restrictions imposed on development are quite a few. The forest cover, including government and private area, is almost 37% while agricultural area also covers a sizeable chunk, sources said.Goa's greens are upset over the intensity of the activity, which produces the country's 60% of the iron ore exports in less than .11% of India's geographical area, causing large-scale damage to its environment through the open cast mining. More than 1280 hectares of forest area has been diverted for mining.The enforcement of coastal zone regulations also restricts the scope of development along the 105-km shoreline and the tidal zones in rivers. The nine rivers and the network of tributaries also take up a part of the geographical area from the ambit of any activity.\"If the buffer zone is restricted to one km, there is more scope for development activity in Goa,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17028177", "title": "NRI Parents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Association tries to bridge divide", "text": "With social networks like Twitter and Facebook, NRI Parents Association back home also has been trying to get constant updates on the storm situations in the US as it has majorly affected New Jersey and New York, which have highest population of Gujaratis. As storm situation aggravated further and entered Pennsylvania, the panic was seen rising back home especially in Ahmedabad, Vadodara and pockets of villages near Anand. Many Gujarati families are struck in difficult situation and have lost contact with their relatives back home due to power cuts and evacuations.President of NRI Parents Association Hemant Shah says, \"We are constantly in touch with many parents who have heard from their children staying in the affected areas. We inform other parents who are looking for information and are not able to establish link with their families there. We are working as a link between families here and abroad to ease the tension.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17027789", "title": "Doctor booked for advising abortion of healthy fetus", "text": "BAHRAICH: A pathology lab here declared a three months old foetus dead in the ultrasound report and on the basis of the report a lady doctor of a private nursing home advised abortion. The family members were asked to deposit Rs 5,000 for the same. The family members got a re-examination at another lab and the report stated otherwise. Following the intervention of the district magistrate (DM), a case of forgery and aborting the fetus was registered against the pathology owner and the lady doctor.Police said Jitendra Shukla resident of Ekauna bazaar of Shravasti district is a member of the Zila Panchayat. A woman of his family had some pregnancy-related problem so the family members took her to Sushma hospital, Bahraich. Dr Sushma Mishra prescribed ultrasound examination from the Balrampur diagnostic centre, Bahraich and the pathology allegedly declared the foetus dead. The family members went back to the doctor with the ultrasound report and the doctor confirmed it on the basis of the report and as alleged advised them an abortion charging them Rs 5,000 for the same.The family members informed Jitendra Shukla who came to Bahraich and got the examination done at another pathology and the report revealed the foetus was alive and healthy. Shukla met district magistrate Kinjal Singh along with the doctor's prescription and ultrasound report. Station officer of Dargah police station registered a case against Dr Sushma Mishra and Dr Gopal Gupta of the said diagnostic centre. The investigation is on and the accused would be arrested if the investigation found them guilty.Charas seized: Three Nepali women entering the Indian territory with charas worth Rs 4 lakh were arrested by the women team of Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB). The arrested women were later handed over to Rupaideeha police. The accused women were trying to enter the Indian territory on separate rickshaws. The accused were identified as Shruti Basnet, Devi Sana and Lal Sana, all residents of Berdia district", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17028947", "title": "Poacher who killed two Kaziranga rhinos caught", "text": "JORHAT: A rhino poacher, who killed two rhinos at Kaziranga National Park, was arrested by police early on Tuesday. A .303 rifle, a .32 pistol, a silencer and six rounds of live ammunition were found on him.Police said based on some intelligence inputs, security forces including the army, CRPF and police launched a joint operation in the hills of Karbi Anglong on Monday night. But the poacher managed to flee to Bokakhat, where they caught him later.Superintendent of police (Karbi Anglong) B B Chetry said, \"An overnight joint operation of police, CRPF and army was launched in the Karbi hills last night. But, the poacher, along with his weapons, managed to flee from his hideout in the hills and arrived in Bokakhat at around 4.30 am. Our staff chased him away from the hills and caught him at Palashguri area in Bokakhat where he trying to hide.\"He also added that the poacher, who killed two rhinos in the national park during monsoon this year, was identified as Chandra Dolly and he was one of the most wanted poachers.\"Chandra Dolly confessed that he killed two rhinos in the Karbi Anglong hills during the past monsoon and chopped off their horns. He handed over the horns to a Dimapur-based group of smugglers recently and was also sheltering in the hills to kill more rhinos,\" the police officer said, adding, \"We expect that we will glean some important information regarding rhino poaching and smuggling activities from the arrested poacher during further interrogation.\"On Sunday, Karbi Anglong police had arrested one poacher along with a rhino horn smuggler from Bokakhat in Golaghat district. The poacher, identified as Ganesh Dolly, was also a resident of Palashguri village in Bokakhat while the smuggler was identified as Ghisual Jaiswal of Difolu area in the district.On the other hand, an adult male rhino was found dead in Kaziranga National Park on Tuesday. Park officials said the rhino died due to old-age aliments and its horn was found intact. \"We recovered the rhino with its horn intact and it died of old age near Ahotguri anti-poaching camp under Agoratoli forest range this morning. The animal was stranded in a muddy low-lying area in the park before it breathed at last,\" said a park official.On October 17, the national park lost two more adult rhinos in the park's Bagori forest range. Forest guards found the carcasses of the rhinos with horns intact and said the cause of both the deaths was natural.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027662", "title": "K Chandrasekhar Rao sounds Telangana bugle, again", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a long lull, TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao (KCR) has sounded the war cry once again. On Tuesday, KCR declared a war against the Centre if it did not consider giving statehood to Telangana.\"I will come out with more details on November 6 in Karimnagar at a public meeting about my plan of action,\" Rao said. The TRS leader said when he was in Delhi, the Congress high command had dropped enough hints that they were in favour of a separate Telangana state. \"I am still hopeful that they will stick to their commitment. Otherwise, it will literally be a war against the Centre. I will not rest until a separate state is achieved,\" he said. Sources say that action this time could begin in a south Telangana district like Nalgonda where the separatist sentiment is not so strong.Lending his voice to the call for boycott of the November 1 Andhra Pradesh state formation day celebrations, the TRS chief asked his party cadre to organise mass protests and hoist black flags to mark the occasion. KCR said the day should be observed as 'Telangana vidroha dinam.'Analysts are not taking KCR's war cry lightly. \"It seems that he had proposed a merger with the Congress in return for Telangana. The Congress high command played along with him as he camped in Delhi to a deal for a month. But in the end, he had to return empty handed. KCR is not amused, \"said a political analyst who has the inside track in the matter. The TRS leader's appeal to the people of Telangana to stage protests on November 1, echoes the Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC)'s strident calls for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17026986", "title": "2 dealers booked for duping Gurgaon woman", "text": "Gurgaon: An FIR has been lodged against two property dealers who allegedly duped a woman in the name of selling a plot in Gurgaon. They had recieved Rs 35 lakh from her for agreement but agreement found fake later.Neetu Chaudhary, resident of Jyoti Park colony, has lodged complaint with city police station against Ravi Das Verma, resident of Jyoti Park and Sudhir alias Shammi, resident of Devilal Nagar.In her complaint, the victim told the police that Ravi Das Verma and Sudhir alias Shammi had a deal with her before sometime for a plot, situated in Devilal Nagar. They had taken Rs 35 lakh from her and prepared an agreement and sale deed of the plot on her name. They didn't reach Tehsil at the time of registration of the plot.When she investigated on herself, she found that someone else was the plot owner. The dealers didn't have any plot in that area. The victim told police that when she demanded her money back, they threatened to kill her and her husband. At last, she lodged an FIR against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026509", "title": "Fresh HC notice to govt, police commissioner on Nagpur University roster scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has issued fresh notices to Maharashtra government and Nagpur commissioner of police over amendments carried out in a petition regarding Nagpur University's roster scam, first exposed by the TOI. A division bench comprising justices Pratap hardas and Ashok Bhangale also served notice on Sitabuldi police inspector.Additional government pleader TA Mirza waived notices on behalf of respondents and sought two weeks time to file an affidavit. The judges then adjourned the hearing till November 22, when the court resumes its working after two weeks of Diwali vacations.Petitioner Sunil Mishra had moved the higher judiciary citing a report by justice (retired) GG Loney panel, which confirmed tampering in the job manuals better known as roster, and termed it a \"big conspiracy\". The panel also named former assistant registrar, who had confessed to tampering and even admitted it in writing.The scam was exposed by TOI on March 19, 2009, after which NU had blocked appointments. The report was kept under wraps by then NU administration apprehending that over 500 appointments would be cancelled if the roster was corrected and properly implemented. The newspaper ran a series exposing how NU officials were sitting on various reports confirming the big scam in job manuals.The petitioner had filed an application under section 9(3)(b) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, before the chancellor. He was told on May 17, 2010, that his application has been referred to the VC and the principal secretary of higher education. Though Justice Loney submitted a report on January 5, 2011, no action has been taken till date and even Mishra's application was kept pending.During the last assembly session in Mumbai, one of the legislators had raised a query in this regard where NU had replied that action was under consideration. Earlier too queries have been raised by leader of opposition Pandurang Phundkar along with BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and MLC Ashok Mankar demanding clarification from the government on the scam. MLA Vikas Kumbhare had raised the issue last year. But the reply from NU was always the same.During last hearing, the court had directed the petitioner to make amendments in the petition by including a prayer for a high-level enquiry by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) and subsequent filing of a police complaint in this regard. It was then treated as a separate criminal writ petition. Mishra appeared in person before the court. In earlier petition, he had demanded directives to NU to act on the recommendations of Loney panel, which had asked the NU VC to immediately lodge an FIR for further investigation into the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17028399", "title": "Sonia's Shimla rally: Security stranglehold baffles residents", "text": "SHIMLA: It may have been just a half an hour stopover for Congress leader Sonia Gandhi , but for residents of Shimla , it meant hours of stringent, often baffling, security checks. With the Congress chief scheduled to address a rally on the historic Ridge, the place was cordoned off on Tuesday.Originally slated for 10:30am, the rally began at 12:45pm, when Sonia arrived. However, security checks were being conducted from 10am. While that much was expected, what people clearly did not see coming was the thorough inspection of their water bottles, with the bottle caps being thrown away.A hapless college student, Shreya Ronta who passed through a security check point near the HPMC counter, complained, \"Had we known that security checks were being conducted here, we would have taken another route as we have nothing to do with the rally. We were only going to our college via the Ridge. This is unnecessary harassment. Our folders were checked and even items like pencil sharpeners were thrown away.\"According to information from the SP office, the elaborate security arrangements comprised about 400 security personnel, including NSG commandos, bomb disposal squads and sniffer dogs. For people, elaborate security checks meant waiting in line for around 15 to 20 minutes. Besides examination of bags and wallets, cell phone batteries were taken out of phones. HRTC taxis plying on sealed roads to the CTO near the Ridge were also suspended till mid afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17028457", "title": "Faizabad violence: Centre offers additional forces to UP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre today offered to provide additional security forces to Uttar Pradesh to help the state government in maintaining peace in violence-affected Faizabad.Minister of State for Home R P N Singh, who belongs to UP, described the violence in the twin towns of Faizabad and Ayodhya as \"unfortunate and disturbing\".\"I think it is very unfortunate and disturbing that riot has taken place in UP. We will have to ask the state government whether they need more central forces,\" he told reporters when asked about the situation there.Singh, who was moved from Petroleum Ministry to Home Ministry in Sunday's reshuffle, said he may talk to Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav to discuss how to bring back normalcy in the violence-hit areas.\"If necessary I will speak to the Chief Minister. Law and order is a state subject but we will see what can be done to help the state government,\" he said after assuming charges of his office here.Asked about the reported comments of Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi on Union Minister Shashi Tharoor's wife, Singh said the comments \"reflected the mindset\" of the person concerned.\"It is very derogatory and outrageous. This is against Indian ethos and culture,\" he said.Speaking in Shimla yesterday, Modi had taken potshots at Tharoor's personal life, saying his wife was once his \"50-crore-rupee girlfriend\", a day after the Congress leader made a comeback in the Union government reshuffle as Minister of State for Human Resources Development.The comment was an apparent reference to Tharoor in the context of the IPL cricket controversy involving his wife Sunanda Pushkar in 2010 which led to his resignation as Minister of State for External Affairs. Modi, however, did not take any names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026282", "title": "Bar owner, advocate get anticipatory bail", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court judge on Tuesday granted protection to the two men booked in the wake of a raid on a lounge bar last week.The court granted interim anticipatory bail of Rs 10,000 each to LIV lounge bar owner Ritik Bhasin and advocate Archit Jaykar after hearing their counsel Aabad Ponda. The judge directed the two to present themselves before MRA Marg police station from Wednesday to Friday for an hour every evening to have their statements recorded. The next hearing in the case is on November 22.Ponda submitted that Bhasin and Jaykar were willing to assist with the police probe but had feared arrest since cops had invoked non-bailable sections against them. During the hearing, the counsel focused on the law governing arrests. He said amendments to the Criminal Procedure Code had mandated that police first issue a notice before arresting a person accused of a crime that attracts up to seven years in jail.The judge, after hearing Ponda, thought it fit to restrain police from arresting Bhasin, who is in his 20s, and 31-year-old Jaykar. The two have been charged by police in the FIR under four sections. The FIR alleges the two \"prevented police from doing their duty at the police station by abusing them and threatening to kill police officers\". It also claims they \"indulged in a scuffle and created obstructions in the legal duty (of police)\".The complainant in the FIR is Santosh Mastood, an officer at MRA Marg police station. He claims in the FIR that \"one vehicle\" from the station \"set out for Khyber Restaurant near Kala Ghoda at 2.30am\". At 2.45am, he was \"told that DCP (zone 1) had taken action against Khyber. The police there asked all women and men to give their names and addresses but the patrons refused and began yelling and behaving in a disorderly manner.\"The guests were sent to the police station for further action, the FIR says, under section 110 of the Bombay Police Act. Mastood claims in the FIR that he \"was getting their details...when around 3.10am Jaykar and Bhasin arrived. They asked why we brought women and men to the station. Bhasin began shouting that he would file a complaint against police if the women were not allowed to leave. In this manner they obstructed police work. Our attempts to calm them failed. Instead, they threatened us with dire consequences and encouraged the men and women to run away, which they did. Even Jaykar and Bhasin ran off.\"Patrons have said they were kept in the dark about the purpose of the cop action throughout the raid and at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17027683", "title": "Job racket busted, 7 arrested", "text": "PATNA: Acting on a tip-off, Patna police on Tuesday morning arrested seven persons with Rs 1.5 lakh which they had collected by duping job aspirants.SP (city) Jayant Kant said, \"The placement agency had called several people from other states to give job offer letters on Tuesday. Earlier, police had got information that the agency was duping people by offering them jobs in private companies.\" A police raid was held in this connection at room number 102 and 103 of a commercial complex at Jamal road.\"The agency published ads of job vacancies in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , Punjab, Maharashtra and other states. The candidates filled a form named 'ICD' and sent it with Rs 9,000-Rs 10,000 to the agency's office in Patna,\" he said.According to police information, the agency called the victims to Patna and held an interview on September 3. They again called the candidates to pay further amount of money and to receive job letters. \"The agency authorities promised jobs in some private companies in Howrah, West Bengal , which were fictitious. They had previous record of duping people in the same manner,\" said the SP. The agency owner, Dharamveer Kumar, is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027588", "title": "MP will be known for its tourist destinations: Puar", "text": "INDORE: Listing tourism as one of the key focus areas of state, tourism minister Tukojirao Puar said on Tuesday that Madhya Pradesh will no longer be known only as India's heartland of India and for its tiger reserves, but will be also known for its hill stations, archaeological wealth, scenic forests, water bodies and religious places.\"To make it possible, the state has made due amendments in its tourism policy by giving industry status to the sector. Now government will give capital subsidy up to 25% of investment, encourage budget hotels at religious places, have fast track clearance for investment above Rs 10 crore and have a 24X7 supply of power,\" said Paur adding that ten special tourism zones have been declared in state.The steps by state governments got good response from investors. Nine MoUs worth Rs 1,192 crore were signed on Tuesday and process is underway to finalize proposals worth Rs 7,215 crore of 14 investors. \"Once implemented, the MoUs will provide jobs to around 20,800 youths of the state,\" said MD of MPSTDC Raghvendra Singh adding that efforts are being made for air connectivity between all the districts of state.CEO and MD of Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), Amitabh Kant said that MP is unique destination because availability of so many tourist product in such close proximity. \"Need to focus on infrastructure and skill development,\" said Kant.Subash Verma, president of Associations of Domestic Tour Operators of India (ADTOI) said that MP has very good religious places and tourism department should focus on conversance of religious tourist into leisure tourism. \"Domestic tourist is base of tourism and they should be given some sort of incentive,\" said Verma.However, Subhash Goyal, chairman of STIC Travel Group of Companies said that policy is best, but state should focus on creating a brand. He stressed that one out of every nine will be created in tourism sector by 2020. \"Tourism can provide local job and check migration,\" said Goyal.Secretary to chief minister of Maharashtra, Ashish Kumar Singh said that synergies between states are way to go forward. \"India is major tourist generator today, with improving connectivity among tourist destinations across the state can divert Indian, who are going abroad to local destinations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17027686", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDrive against tobacco soon\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PATNA: With more than half of Bihar's population consuming harmful tobacco and its products, the state government, which imposed a ban on gutka early this year, has decided to launch a vigorous drive against its sale.\"Special squads will be constituted at state and district levels comprising officials from police, health and education to catch people selling or consuming cigarette and tobacco products,\" deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi told reporters.Bihar had imposed a ban on gutka in May this year. He said an awareness drive would be organized in schools across the state on November 9 against the consumption of tobacco and its products.He would soon convene a meeting of hotels and restaurant owners in Patna to inform them that they would also be penalized if someone was found smoking or consuming tobacco on their premises.Modi, who attended an international conference against tobacco in New York early this month, reeled out figures to show that the problem had assumed dangerous proportions in the state and the country.According to a survey, Bihar was at the sixth position after five Northeastern states nationwide to have a large section of people consuming cigarette, bidi, tobacco and gutka, Modi said and added Bihar is one of the 16 states which had banned gutka so far.The deputy CM announced that he would work as an activist against tobacco consumption and demanded that the Centre order a nationwide ban on it instead of states doing so.To discourage the consumption of tobacco and products made out of it, Bihar government had increased tax on them from 13% to 20% in 2012-13. \"This will be further raised,\" Modi, who is also state's finance minister, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027295", "title": "Govt panel to study reason for acquittals", "text": "PANAJI: Concerned over the large number of acquittals of accused persons, the state government has constituted a nine member committee to find out the reason for failure of such cases leading to acquittals.The government has observed that the investigation into various sensational and heinous crimes was not done properly, due to which cases fail and the court acquits the accused.'In order to find the reason for failure in such cases, leading to acquittal, it is decided to constitute a committee to introspect and review investigation of the case,' stated the order issued by the home department.The 'Review committee on acquitted cases of heinous /sensational crimes' will be headed by the chief secretary and its members are the director general of police, law secretary, inspector general of police, special secretary (home)/additional secretary (home), director of prosecution, deputy inspector general of police/superintendent of police (crime), district superintendent of police (concerned) and DySP/supervisory officer (concerned).'The committee will meet once a month, if the acquittal order is passed by the court,' stated the order.Every month, there are around six acquittal cases forwarded to the home department for seeking approval to go for an appeal in the higher courts.Sources in the government said that the chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , who is also home minister, was upset with an increase in the number of acquittals in courts and was of the opinion that if the investigation was done properly then there would be no need in going in for an appeal.The committee will also review acquittal cases and decide whether to give approval for going into appeal in cases of acquittals.Most of the acquittals are due to faulty investigation, panchanama not properly conducted, same panch witness examined etc, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "manesar", "code": "17027065", "title": "HUDA working for builders: Arvind Kejriwal", "text": "MANESAR: Days after calling Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit an agent of power discoms, India Against Corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal blamed Haryana CM Bhupinder Hooda on Tuesday of favouring the builders. He was addressing farmers at the rashtriya kisan mahapanchayat who had gathered to protest against land acquisitions from farmers at cheap rates.\"Hooda is working on the behalf of private builders. He had to change the use of land bought by Robert Vadra so that he could sell the same land to DLF at much higher price. The chief minister knew that if he did not change the land use, Sonia Gandhi would have removed him from his post. Vadra is the son-in-law of not only the Congress party but he is desh ka damaad. Even the opposition parties are not willing to say anything against him,\" said Kejriwal.He also dared the Harayana chief minister to post whistle-blower IAS officer Ashok Khemka as the director of town and country planning. \"I can challenge that if an honest officer like Khemka is posted in Gurgaon for just two months, all the ill-gotten money acquired by Vadra will come back to the exchequer,\" he said.Apart from Kejriwal, other IAC members including Prashant Bhushan, Yogendra Yadav and Manish Sisodia urged the farmers to continue their fight against the way the Haryana government is acquiring their land. IAC also announced that in the coming months a rally will be organized at the Ramlila Maidan in Delhi, where farmers from across the country will gather to oppose the Land Acquisition Act, 1894.The mahapanchayat was held under the leadership of retired IAS officer R C Rao.Kejriwal also challenged the integrity of former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala on corruption and said that he has assets worth over Rs.1,400 crore across the country.The mahapanchayat demanded the inclusion of representatives of farmers in the making of a new land acquisition law.In Manesar region, villagers are critical of manner in which the state government had been passing acquired land to private builders for developing townships and colonies. The region has over 600 acres of land acquired by the state government that is under litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17026960", "title": "Disabled teacher 'forced' into voluntary retirement", "text": "ROHTAK: Officials of MD University, Rohtak allegedly forced a professor suffering from Motor Neuron Disease to accept the Voluntary Retirement Scheme or VRS.In her police complaint, Vandana Malik, wife of management professor Virender Malik (50), who has been bedridden for the past around six months, alleged that OSD to the MDU Vice-Chancellor and three others forced her husband to give his thumb impressions on blank documents in the absence of his family at his residence. She also named the Vice-Chancellor in her complaint, accusing them of cheating, forgery and trespass. While police started investigations on receipt of the complaint on October 18, they have not registered a case yet.Vandana alleged that her husband, who is suffering from MND, a rare and deadly disease which has left his entire body paralyzed, was alone in the house on October 10 when Officer On Special Duty (OSD) to Vice Chancellor Vazir Singh Dalal and three other employees took his thumb impression on blank papers. These were used as an application seeking VRS on behalf of Malik.In its executive council meeting on October 12, the university granted the professor VRS with effect from October 18. The intimation letter sent to Malik said, \"he had been allowed VRS with immediate effect by waiving off the three months notice period\".Vandana said her husband had been teaching in the Institute of Management Studies and Research for the past 26 years. Professor Malik had been taking classes till May this year, which is when he became completely disabled.On May 23, doctors declared him 100% disabled. At this, the professor sent a request to the Vice-Chancellor seeking permission to continue in service as per the provisions of the Person with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1955. The Act states that no establishment shall dispense with or reduce in rank an employee who acquires disability during service.When contacted, MDU Vice-Chancellor R.P. Hooda said the professor had been granted VRS on his request. \"The varsity has no motive in granting him retirement which was given on his personal request. Still, I have assigned an inquiry to the registrar into the complaint by Malik's wife,\" he said. Rohtak SSP Vivek Sharma assured of action after preliminary investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17027128", "title": "75% of dengue cases reported in Haryana are from Gurgaon alone", "text": "GURGAON: More than 75% dengue cases reported from Haryana this year are from Gurgaon alone. The state health department, on its part stated, that an alert has already been sounded and a notification under Epidemic Disease Act, which deals with prevention of epidemic diseases was also issued.According to official data, a total of 415 confirmed cases of dengue have so far been reported in the State during this year and out of these 325 cases are from Gurgaon. Besides that, 47 cases are reported from Panchkula while 54 cases have been reported from other districts.However, if data from Gurgaon private hospitals are taken into account, the number of patients would be between 1,500 -2,000.Similar is the case with the number of deaths reported from the state. Health department confirms only two deaths in the entire state this year. Accordingly, one person had died in Gurgaon and the other in Rohtak. Private hospitals in Gurgaon have reported six deaths due to dengue so far.Director general health services (DGHS) N K Arora said the cases from private hospitals were considered as suspected ones and only those which had been confirmed by MAC-ELISA kit test in different hospitals in the State were taken as positive. \"Private lab tests may not give the full proof results, ours are more authentic, he added.The health department also stated that to deal with the situation, guidelines for control of dengue or chikungunya, including mid-term plan have already been issued to all the Civil Surgeons in the state.The Bye-laws for control of malaria, dengue and chikungunya have been notified by Haryana Urban Local Bodies department. Besides that a notification under Epidemic Disease Act 1897 has also been issued.Gurgaon civil surgeon Praveen Garg said, \"The guidelines have already in place. However, the situation is under control.\" Health Department stated that the department has taken a number of curative and preventive measures to check Dengue as apart from constituting Rapid Response Team, blood sample collection and confirmation of all the dengue suspected cases has been undertaken. Wards have been reserved in all district, sub-district hospitals for dengue patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17030046", "title": "Digvijaya takes on Anil Ambani", "text": "INDORE: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Tuesday termed as \"shameful\" industrialist Anil Ambani's comparison of Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to his late father Dhirubhai Ambani .Addressing a youth Congress function, Singh said he read in newspapers that Anil reportedly compared Chouhan to his father.\"For me, such a statement is nothing but shameful,\" he said, adding there was no way Chouhan could be compared to Dhirubhai, who started out as a petrol-pump attendant and went on to become the country's biggest industrialist.The ADAG chairman made the statement only because he wanted to exploit the natural resources of Madhya Pradesh for his business interests, Singh alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028299", "title": "CBI files caveat in SC against Rathore", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Tuesday filed a caveat in the Supreme Court to prevent BJP legislator Rajendra Rathore from obtaining any ex parte order against Rajasthan High Court directive for his immediate surrender.By filing the caveat, the CBI ensured that the apex court, whenever it hears the special leave petition (SLP) filed by Rathore, does not pass any interim order without hearing the agency's lawyers.The Rajasthan high court in its orders on Friday had said that Rathore should surrender himself \"forthwith\" before the trial court failing which the police and the trial court were directed to take necessary steps to arrest the politician.Rathore's lawyers filed an SLP in the court against the HC's directions on Thursday. Sources said that Rathore could be represented by senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani .The CBI had moved an application in a lower court in Jaipur on Monday to obtain an arrest warrant against Rathore. The CBI's application came up for hearing in the link court of additional district judge Anita Sharma as the district judge was on leave. The agency said that Rathore has not turned himself in even three days after the HC directive. The court had fixed October 31 as next date of hearing.CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfarz Haidar Khan said that the application is likely to be heard in the district court on Wednesday. Rathore's lawyer A K Jain had also filed an application in court on Monday saying the defence arguments should be heard before an arrest warrant is issued. This application will also come up for hearing on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030715", "title": "Teen Kanya", "text": "CreditsFilm: Teen KanyaCast: Rituparna Sengupta, Unnati Davra, Ananya Chatterjee etcDirector: Agnidev ChatterjeeGenre: ThrillerRelease Date: 2nd NovemberPreview : Teen Kanya is a story on the life of three women. The characters are played by Rituparna Sengupta , Ananya Chatterjee and Unnati Davara. The movie deals with extra marital affair, inferiority complex and issues based on relationship.The movie is a psychological thriller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028799", "title": "SCB Medical College struggles to tackle kidney transplant queue", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Seven months after a kidney transplant facility was started at SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack on March 19, the number of patients awaiting surgery has mounted to at least 150.Though the facility had raised hope of survival for economically backward patients suffering from kidney failure as the government offers the transplant free of cost to below poverty line people, the patient load seems too huge to be handled in the current set-up.With a monthly average of three operations in the hospital, a renal failure patient has to wait for four years for one's turn to get the failed organ replaced.Anticipating yet more workload, the medical college has submitted a proposal to the government to establish an institute of urology, nephrology and renal transplant at SCB. \"A separate institute will ensure a dedicated operation theatre, intensive care unit and additional manpower to increase the number of transplants,\" said Dr Datteswar Hota, who heads the transplant facility at the medical college.Dr Hota said the monthly average of three to four surgeries is not poor given that the programme was launched only recently.The International Society of Nephrology recommends up to four transplants per month in centres during initial days of starting the transplant. \"But given the burden, we have to increase the number of surgeries gradually,\" he said.Sources attributed the slow transplant rate to the hospital's dependence on the same operation theatre (OT) for all types of urological surgeries and kidney transplant. Besides, the transplant unit doesn't have a dedicated dialysis unit. To make matters worse, out of seven dialysis machines in SCB, three are lying defunct.Dr Hota said a separate dialysis unit for renal transplant will start functioning soon, however. \"Tenders have already been floated for commissioning a reverse osmosis plant. The new dialysis unit will start functioning after that,\" he said.Another reason for the low number of transplants is that various pre-surgery tests such as human leucocyte antigen, panel reactive antibody and leucocyte cross-matching are not done at SCB, the sources added. \"Since samples from donors and patients have to be sent out of the state, the donor-recipient compatibility matching takes a very long time here,\" said a doctor.The total cost of kidney transplant in a patient is around Rs 1.5 lakh in SCB if no other complications or associated medical conditions are reported. It is one of the cheapest in the country and is comparable with the cost at Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research at Chandigarh. The Odisha State Treatment Fund (OSTF) bears the cost in case of BPL patients, who form the major chunk of patients turning up at SCB.Around 1,000 end-stage renal failure patients are registered in Odisha who require transplant, 90% of them being from economically weaker sections, relying solely on government-run programmmes.The Orissa high court had asked the government in August 2010 to start kidney transplant surgery in all three government-run medical colleges. The state is yet to start transplant in the two other medical colleges at Burla and Berhampur. Authorities said the state is taking the best possible steps to conduct the programme. \"The government is going step by step to sustain and expand transplant surgery facilities,\" said director medical education and training Bijayini Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17027714", "title": "No chicken for Bannerghatta zoo animals", "text": "Chicken is off the menu at Bannerghatta Biological Park because of the bird flu scare, while Mysore zoo has been spared.The Zoo Authority of Karnataka (ZAK) reviewed the food chart and decided to stop feeding chicken at Bannerghatta.Traditionally, chicken is fed to the carnivores twice a week. \"We've taken it off the list as a precautionary measure as Bannerghatta is close to ground zero. Since Mysore and its surroundings haven't yet reported any bird flu cases, animals there are getting their ration of chicken,\" ZAK chairman M Nanjundaswamy told TOI.Big cats, including tigers and lions, are generally fed 8 kg of raw chicken twice a week while it is 4 kg for hyenas, wild dogs and wolves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028264", "title": "Highway blocked in Sirohi over gangrape", "text": "JAIPUR: Tension was witnessed in the Abu Road area of Sirohi district on Tuesday when people blocked a state highway for almost two hours alleging police inaction in the case of a 14-year-old's gangrape. The villagers said that the victim was raped by five youths from Manpur village five days ago. The girl is in a state of shock. The police arrested one of the accused after the Tuesday protest.According to the villagers, the police did not lodge an FIR immediately after the rape. When the FIR against five identified youths was registered, the police did not arrest any of the accused.The villagers alleged that the girl had stopped speaking as she was in a state of shock. She had even been hospitalized after the rape, however, police did not bother to initiate investigation into the incident.After the villagers blocked the road passing through Manpur for five kilometres, senior police and administration officers rushed there and tried to pacify the agitators by assuring quick action in the matter. The villagers cleared the road only after the police arrested one of the accused.\"We have arrested one Salim Khan and are trying to search the other accused,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17028594", "title": "Unaccounted cash of Rs 80 lakh recovered", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a special drive that saw 79 nakas being manned by over 1,000 cops on Tuesday, the police recovered unaccounted cash of Rs 80 lakh, 60 baseball bats and six stolen generators worth Rs 6 lakh.Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh said, \"As many as 79 nakas were set up \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of which 60 were in the inner city, 11 on the outskirts and eight inter-district \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from 2pm to 10pm. During the drive, unaccounted cash of Rs 80 lakh was recovered from various check-points, including Ferozepur Road's where Rs 5,99, 600 was seized from a Scorpio being driven by Rajbir Singh, alias Gagandeep Singh Jolly, a resident of Dakha in Jagraon.\"In a special drive, police recovered unaccounted cash of Rs 80 lakh. Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh said, \"During the drive, unaccounted cash of Rs 80 lakh was recovered from various check-points, including Lalton's where Rs 10.5 lakh was recovered from an Indica being driven by Gursem Singh, a resident of ATI Road, Ludhiana. Also, Rs 30 lakh was recovered from a car being driven by Baljit Singh of Rodey village, Moga, near Jamalpur, and Rs 5 lakh from Sahnewal, among others.\" Six stolen generators were seized from two persons who were arrested by Basti Jodhewal police. Over 175 people carrying licensed weapons were checked and verified. Besides, 60 baseball bats and a large quantity of drugs were also recovered. \"More than 1,840 vehicles were checked. The recoveries were made from 2pm to 7pm. The drive is still on,\" he added. Unaccounted cash cases have been referred to the income tax department for further investigation, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026736", "title": "Woman, child killed in accident", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 32-year-old woman and her son were killed when their scooter was hit by an unidentified vehicle in Okhla, southeast Delhi, on Monday night. Satyendra, the woman's husband, who was driving the scooter was critically injured in the accident and is under observation at AIIMS Trauma center.Police said the victims are native of Uttar Pradesh and lived in Meethapur Village in Hari Nagar, Okhla. The deceased were identified as Madhu Saxena (32) and Saransh (15).Madhu owned a beauty parlour while Satyendra is a cable TV operator. Saransh was a Class VII student. A case of causing death due to negligence has been registered at the Sarita Vihar police station and cops are trying to trace the vehicle involved.The police said that the family had gone to visit Madhu's parents in Khayala, southeast Delhi over the weekend and had left for Okhla around 9pm. Around 10.30pm they had reached Tank road when a speeding vehicle rammed into the scooter from behind. Witnesses told police that while Satyendra fell towards the divider, his wife and child got thrown off towards the opposite side and subsequently came under the wheels of the vehicle. The errant driver reversed the vehicle and fled the spot.A passerby informed the police which rushed the victims to the hospital where the woman and the child were declared brought dead.In another accident, a 24-year-old man was run over by a truck outside the Vidhan Sabha Metro station, north Delhi Tuesday afternoon. The deceased has been identified as Chandan, a resident of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027574", "title": "Ujjain to be developed as knowledge Indore: Sharma", "text": "INDORE: On the last day of Global Investors' Summit (GIS) on Tuesday, over 16 companies signed MoUs with Madhya Pradesh government for technical education and skill development. The MoUs were signed in the presence of technical education minister Laxmikant Sharma. Under the MoUs, 406 skill development centres will be opened at block-level, 39 ITIs and 7 high-level ITIs where nearly 1.92 lakh youths will be trained in various trades.Sharma said there have been remarkable works in education sector in Madhya Pradesh. He said that Lord Krishna's education-place and Kalidas' place for creative worksUjjain is now being developed as a knowledge city. Various companies and institutions will set up educational institutions in the knowledge city. This will help Ujjain and Indore grow as education hub of the country.Sharma said skill development centres (SDC) are being opened at the block-level for training youths in new trades keeping in view the industrial demand. In future, one SDC will be opened in a cluster of every 10 to 20 villages. He informed that higher educational institutions in the state will be improved with Rs 1,000 crore loan sanctioned by the World Bank at low interest rate.Sharma said that efforts are also afoot to teach technical and medical course through Hindi medium in the state in future. He informed that Hindi Vishwavidyalaya has been opened in Bhopal and Sanskrit Vishwavidyalaya in Ujjain.Sharma said the state government wishes to promote education in mother tongue. He informed that reason behind progress of world's developed countries like France, China and Japan is teaching in mother tongue. Sharma said that we should also take pride in our language and carve out a separate identity in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17031810", "title": "Renovation work of Sri Mahalingeshwara Temple to start on November 5", "text": "MANGALORE: Renovation work of Sri Mahalingeshwara temple, Puttur will step into a decisive phase with 'shilanyas' ceremony scheduled for November 5. The religious rites will be done under the supervision of Prasad Muniyangala, vaastu consultant and Ravish Tantri, temple priest. The renovation team has been working continuously for its success under former CM DV Sadanand Gowda, who is the honorary president of the committee.Achuth Mudethaya Nanya, managing trustee of the temple said the temple is of historical significance and has tremendous sway on religious mindset of the area. Its initial construction was done around the 10 th century the renovation work has not been done for last 60 years as per records available with the temple. Its shape is unique and is called 'Gajaprusta' or the back of the elephant. The temple wields influence among its devotees far and wide.The Puttur temple festival that takes place in April is very famous and attracts more than one lakh people. The renovation work of the temple was a long cherished demand of the locals. But the magnitude of the work was such that it could be taken up after thorough planning and consultations of senior and prominent devotees of the area. Finally after planning the renovation to its minute details, the work proper was taken up two years back.Civil engineers, architects, vaastu shilpis and host of other experts discussed the details. When the plan was fully given shape its budget touched Rs 13.5 crore. The team enthused by the philanthropic devotees who came forward with assurances of full financial support, started the wood and stone works about a year back. When the dismantling work of the old structure was taken up, the locals responded in equal measure working as karsevaks.The granite work of the construction is being done by renowned granite architect Raju Murdeshwara and wood work by Narayana Acharya of Moodbidri, both veterans of this art in Dakshina Kannada district. The Government of Karnataka through the department of religious endowment too has contributed Rs 2 crore for the project and the monetary support is coming in a steady flow. Call: Achuth Mudethaya: 9449615863.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17030148", "title": "SGPC pays homage to Indira Gandhi's assassin Beant Singh", "text": "AMRITSAR: While the nation pays homage to late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, Shiromani Akali Dal (B) backed Sikh's single largest representative body Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) paid homage to one of Indira's assassin Beant Singh and performed Bhog (ceremonial completion ) of Akhand Path (uninterrupted reading of Sri Guru Granth Sahib) in his memory.On October 31, 1984, Beant Singh , bodyguard of Indira Gandhi, along with another body guard Satwant Singh had assassinated the then PM at her residence. Beant Singh was however immediately shot dead in a gunfire following Indira's assassin while Satwant Singh and another conspirator Kehar Singh were hanged to death on January 6th, 1989.Granthi (reader of Sikh scripture) , Golden Temple , Giani Rawel Singh , manager, Golden Temple, Harbans Singh Mallhi brother of Satwant Singh, Waryam Singh Agwan were among others who were present on the occasion held under the watchful eyes of sleuths of intelligence agencies who were present in plain clothes.However, senior officials of SGPC or Jathedar of Takht's chose to remain away from the programme. Group of Bhai Shaukin Singh , Hazoori Ragi (residential singer) , Golden Temple recited kirtan .On the occasion Waryam Singh was bestowed upon siropa. While Malhi refused to comment on the function, Waryam Singh showered praise on the assassins of Indira Gandhi while holding her responsible for attack on Golden Temple.He told TOI that he was surprised as to why none of the senior official of SGPC or Jathedar attended the Bhog ceremony. \"Beant Singh, Satwant Singh and Kehar Singh are the martyrs of Sikh nation and their anniversaries should be observed under the aegis of Akal Takht\" he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028150", "title": "Council makes college exam easy for students", "text": "CHENNAI: From the next academic year, the difficulty levels of question papers for college students will not be left to the whims of academics setting them. The Tamil Nadu State Council for Higher Education (TANSCHE) has urged universities to consider making at least 30 % of the paper easy and 40% objective.While 30 % can be easy questions, 50% of average difficulty and 20% can contain tough questions, it suggested. These were among the exam reforms discussed at a meeting of academics, higher education minister P Palaniappan and secretary T S Sridhar on Tuesday. Controllers of examination, directors of curriculum development cells and chairpersons of the state universities delivering arts and science courses held deliberations on long-awaited reforms in higher education on Monday and Tuesday.Postgraduate students may have to contend with at least 10% of the questions being on logical reasoning in semester exams. \"One reason why our students don't clear the National Eligibility Test or the State-level Eligibility Test is because they don't have training in cracking such questions. We expect this to encourage PG students to orient themselves towards attempting this section,\" said TANSCHE vice-chairperson professor Cynthia Pandian.Separate minimum pass marks have been set in internal and external exams. Students will be given as many attempts as required to help them pass internal exams as the idea is for teachers to interact with students and help them understand the subject. The internal-external assessment ratio has been set at 40:60, and the pass mark for UG students is 40% and 50% for PG students. To develop students' language skills, marks have been allotted for language practicals in all four semesters, and it will be mandatory for English medium students to take internal assessments only in English.A plan is on to revise the choice-based credit system to ensure transfer of credits from one university to another through a common framework for all universities and assigning standard credit points for specific courses. \"This way we will achieve equivalence of courses with the same strength of content so students of all universities in the state are considered to have the same standard,\" prof Pandian said.TANSCHE is also mulling the creation of a state integrated board of studies for 10 disciplines to facilitate the designing and re-designing of curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028692", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to form biodiversity management committee", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) plans to constitute a biodiversity management committee to promote conservation, sustainable use and documentation of biological diversity, as per the Biological Diversity Act 2002.PMC's environment department along with other institutions and organisations has already started to collect data on various aspects of biodiversity for preparing a people's biodiversity register (PBR).As per the Biological Diversity Act 2002, local bodies have to constitute a biodiversity management committee within their areas of jurisdiction. The idea is to look into conservation of biodiversity, including preservation of habitats, conservation of land races, folk varieties and cultivars, domesticated stocks and breeds of animals, micro-organisms and chronicling of knowledge relating to biological diversity. The committee consists of a chairperson and six people nominated by local bodies.Mangesh Dighe, environment officer, PMC, told TOI that the civic body has already started collecting data on biodiversity and traditional knowledge from institutes, researchers, individuals and people working in the field. \"There are a lot of studies on our biological resources. We have to gather them for documentation and come up with a PBR,\" he said.\"The setting up of a biodiversity management committee is also in the pipeline. We have gathered information on the same at the recently held Conference of Parties to the convention on biological diversity in Hyderabad. We will soon have a meeting with Erach Bharucha, chairman, Maharashtra Biodiversity Board, regarding the same,\" he said.The function of biodiversity management committee is to prepare, maintain and validate a PBR in consultation with the local people. This committee should maintain a register giving information about the details of biological resources and traditional knowledge available within the jurisdiction of the committee.Bharucha told TOI that the board will ensure that the Biological Diversity Act 2002 is implemented in the state. The board will facilitate recognition and constitute local biodiversity management committees for promoting conservation through relevant local self-government bodies like gram panchayats and municipal corporations. They will develop and maintain PBRs, he added.He said the board plans to set up a few expert groups to look into biodiversity. \"The idea is to focus on sustainable use of biodiversity outside national parks and sanctuaries. For example, medicinal plants should not be over exploited and we have to control its use,\" Bharucha said.* The biodiversity management committee will play a vital role in documenting biodiversity, their sustainable use and in dealing with access and benefit sharing issues* The people's biodiversity register gives information about the details of biological resources and traditional knowledge available within the jurisdiction of the committee", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027892", "title": "Learn from Bangalore's example, HC tells govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The government must learn from the example of Bangalore while dealing with the garbage problem in other cities of Karnataka in future, advised the high court on Tuesday.Hearing a PIL related to a landfill in Tumkur, the division bench presided by Chief Justice Vikarmjit Sen observed: \"Keeping in view the plight of Bangalore, we thought that the government would think of other alternatives than landfills. Landfills are now really not a viable option for solid waste management. Various industries are coming forward for scientific disposal of solid waste, of which one by-product is power. Government must think about such alternatives.\"The government advocate told the court that they had identified 5,000 acres of land in an industrial area on the outskirts of Tumkur for a landfill and that the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board had granted conditional permission for the land.A PIL was filed in the high court recently highlighting the problems of the residents of Tumkur. \"In another six years, the landfill site will be part of Tumkur or on its periphery due to the faster expansion of the city,\" argued the petitioners.Meanwhile, the court will hear a PIL related to Bangalore's garbage issue on November 2. GR Mohan, the petitioner, sought early hearing of the petition instead of the scheduled date on November 6, pointing out to the escalation of the garbage problem in the city and dumping of garbage near Freedom Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17028132", "title": "Deliciously dysfunctional", "text": "August Osage (English Play)8 pm | Prakash AuditoriumAHMEDABAD: Of dysfunctional, unhappy and quarrelling families, you've heard a lot. But a family that \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with all its complex issues, never-ending arguments and perpetual blame games \u00e2\u20ac\u201d emerges as purely entertaining and intelligently hilarious can only be this one. August: Osage County, a Pulitzer Prize-winning tragicomedy by Tracy Letts premiered at the Steppenwolf Theatre in Chicago in 2007, has been doing the rounds on the Indian stage in a slightly adapted version directed by Lillete Dubey.Set in the backdrop of Goa, as against the original Oklahoma , the cast and crew of Dubey's August: Osage County is here in the city with its dark humour and stellar performance.The protagonist, played by Dubey herself, is a sharp-tongued , pill-popping , cancer patient married to an alcoholic poet of a husband who is often heard quoting T S Eliot or John Berryman with ease.The large family, apart from the principal character and her husband, is composed of the couple's three daughters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the eldest on the brink of a broken marriage with a college professor who's having an affair with a younger woman, and their 14-year-old pot-smoking daughter. The middle daughter is increasingly cynical daughter and is involved with her cousin. And the youngest is recently engaged to a man who has no qualms about flirting with another girl almost 30 years his junior. Apart from them there is the protagonist's antagonizing sister and her hen-pecked husband.To be staged at Prakash Auditorium on Wednesday as part of Times Ahmedabad Festival, the play is a terrific mix of characters and personalities, clubbed with actors like Dubey, Kitu Gidwani, Sandhya Mridul, Suchitra Pillai and Denzil Smith among others.It is replete with brutal honesty, sarcasm, delight, unresolved emotions and secrets galore and has all the ingredients of a scandalous story: drug addiction, alcoholism, incest, pedophilia and infidelity . What more can one ask for!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027220", "title": "Kataria\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s exit from defence ministry pits Jats against Rajputs", "text": "New Delhi: What cost Lal Chand Kataria the defence ministry?Fear of communication gap or putting two 'martial' Rajasthanis in one sheath? Anyway, it was too glaring, coming after the \"portfolio mess-up\" over similar-sounding names. And it spawned day-long speculation, taking a bit away from the bump that PM Manmohan Singh got from the jumbo ministerial rejig.Kataria on Tuesday did not move in as minister of state for defence even as fellow Rajasthani Jitendra Singh chose to take charge of his minor portfolio ahead of the prized \"independent responsibility\" of sports and youth affairs.A first-time MP, Kataria's failure to show up stoked wild comments like defence minister A K Antony's reluctance to accommodate a junior who was not fluent in English. Antony's grasp of Hindi is limited.While the world was still analyzing the Rahul Gandhi-authored \"youth reshuffle\", the defence ministry saw a veritable battle over the MoS slot.Jitin Prasada first got it along with HRD, a lateral shift form highways ministry. Prasada, among the few 'babalog' who failed to get a promotion, was celebrating the consolation of an added ministry when government played the spoiler, clarifying the junior's job in defence had gone to Jitendra Singh. \"You know, the confusion between similar sounding Jitin and Jitendra!\" was the laboured explanation.And then, Kataria found himself being edged out. Officials claimed he was unhappy with minor pension-related work he looked like getting under Antony while defence production seemed to go Singh's way. Kataria met the PM who has decided to shift him. And in all this, officials vouched for his proficiency in English.The minor kerfuffle may be settled by Wednesday but in true Rajasthani style, it has kicked off a desert storm. Seen through the prism of politics, the confusion got blown up into caste upmanship, martial honour and even 'king vs commoner' equation. Kataria, a Jat, was seen edged out by a blue-blooded Rajput in Singh.The jostling for defence ministry is understandable given its importance in the local ethos -- Rajasthan being a border state, a major catchment area for the Army and a dense sprawl of ex-servicemen. A public association with the soldier's ministry, even as a minor minister, does provide a halo. Before the elevation, Jitendra Singh was in the home ministry, another perch of pride for the valiant and the valorous.Many feel the slip-up could snowball into heartburn. Jats complain of marginalization under Congress, with no Cabinet minister after Sisram Ola was dropped in UPA-2 and Natwar Singh had already fallen from grace. RLD's Ajit Singh is no consolation.Jats share a rocky relationship with the Ashok Gehlot-led Congress ever since saffron patriarch Atal Bihari Vajpayee wooed them with the \"OBC tag\" in 2003. The community has time and again erupted against Congress for not giving it its share in power. Overlooked for the Cabinet post, the humiliation of Kataria even in the insignificant slot is said to have angered the community. In contrast, Cabinet status and independent charge for Rajputs, Chandresh Kumari and Singh, seem to have rubbed it in.Partymen said it has caused an unnecessary headache.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17028140", "title": "Bullet vrooms, makes a Royal comeback", "text": "BANGALORE: Not too long ago when people heard and saw the loud, thumping 'Bullet' on the road, they were rest assured that it was either an army or police officer or simply the 'macho ' in town riding in with authority . But not anymore. The new generation is increasingly falling in love with the motorbike's retro style.So how did the Bullet vroom back into the spotlight?Says Bullet buff Satish Bopanna, who works for a public sector company: \"Earlier , the bike was so heavy that it needed a person with big built and mechanical skills to kickstart and manoeuvre it on the road, especially when stuck in traffic. But that's no longer the case.\" Bopanna owns a Classic 350.Makers Royal Enfield, according to him, tasted much success after they developed elegant and modish lighter machines with a right-side footed brake pedal and gearshift with left side, besides an easy self-start .This makeover turned the tide in favour of the 119-yearold company, which was on the brink of bankruptcy a decade ago. It has been swiftly selling its new avatars in Karnataka in the past two years on the strength of its new wider handlebars design, refurbished engines, mileage and reducing emissions.Gen Y is only too happy with this. \"Earlier, I used to hate the machine because it was too heavy and difficult to handle. I was happy riding Japanese bikes for 10 years, but recently got to ride the new Thunderbird 350. I fell in love with it and now proudly own one,\" says Vasudev Prasad, a bank executive.For many enthusiasts, owning one was no easy ride either. \"I grew up hoping to own a Bullet but could afford one only when I reached 40, when I recently bought the Classic 500,\" says Avinash Sarathy, who runs a food outlet at RT Nagar.The girls love them too. N Gowri, a longtime Royal Enfield enthusiast, is a proud owner of 2010 model STD 350: \"I just love riding this bike. When I was in college I use to ride my father's old Enfield which has left gear shift. With the new one, it took time to adjust to the right foot gear shift, but I was amazed by its performance and lighter weight,\" she says.Company officials, too, vouch for it. \"From an average monthly sale of 257 bikes in 2010, Royal Enfield volumes in Karnataka have shot to 883 till September this year,\" says Shaji Koshy, senior VP. The newly launched Thunderbird 500 and upcoming Cafe Racer (legend model) are expected to further boost the Enfield market in India.Making of an iconRoyal Enfield originally built motorcycles to be parachuted into enemy territory by British forces during the Second World War. The classic styling and trademark thumping of its engine at full throttle drew lot of fans worldwide.It rolled out its first motorized bike in 1901 and entered the Indian market in 1949. When Royal Enfield stopped making bikes in Britain in 1970, India's Eicher Motors bought it in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17028841", "title": "Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences doctors threaten stir over promotion", "text": "RANCHI: Doctors at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) are all set to launch a stir against the management and the health department if the state fails to treat them on a par with doctors of other hospitals. They are demanding Assured Career Promotion (ACP) and other benefits, which doctors of other hospitals are entitled to.\"We have been demanding equal treatment for many years. But our demands have been ignored. Rules say there should be promotion every six years. Also, promotions should be given if there are vacancies. Either we are treated as general government doctors or be transferred elsewhere,\" said the secretary of the Jharkhand Medical Teachers' Association, Prabhat Kumar. He said doctors were in a combative mood. While some have already left the hospital, others are planning to do so. \"The institute told us we are not getting ACP because we are with RIMS. But if doctors with other medical colleges can get ACP, why not us?\" he questioned.\"We have been appointed by the government and so government rules should be applicable to us,\" said assistant professor in the department of anesthesia, Praveen Tiwary, adding, \"on many occasions, there are vacancies, and yet we are not promoted. So we have decided to shift. But if we are asked to stay, we should get all the benefits that other doctors get.\"The doctors are planning to send a letter to the RIMS director, Tulsi Mahto, the principal secretary of health, K Vidyasagar, and the state health minister, Hemlal Murmu .\"We will give them a month to respond,\" said Tiwary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028201", "title": "Assembly panel to table report on Ratna Gupta in the house", "text": "JAIPUR: The assembly's Committee on Privileges on Tuesday started its work on the report over the Ratna Gupta episode, which would be tabled in the house during the next budget session.The members of the committee, headed by senior Congress legislator Surendra Singh Jadawat, have taken cognizance of the fact that Ratna, a suspended circle inspector, failed to remain present in the assembly despite a high court order.\"Ratna Gupta has not only ignored the summons and arrest warrant issued by the assembly, she has also shown no regard for the high court. This is a first-of-its-kind issue and the legislative assembly is taking it seriously,'' said Jadawat, after the meeting.Jadawat told the committee members during the meeting that he had reviewed the entire episode since the first complaint against Ratna was received by assembly speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat. \"Members of all parties unanimously agree that this is a case of breach of privileges of the legislature,'' he said. The members are likely to meet again in the first week of November to discuss the issue.The Rajasthan high court on October 25 had asked inspector Gupta to appear before the state assembly on Monday to face breach of privilege proceedings. However, the suspended cop did not appear and her advocate sister Usha Gupta moved an application in the HC seeking more time to appeal against the court order.Gupta is accused of misbehaving with the members of the state assembly's Women and Child Development Committee, which is headed by BJP's senior legislator Suryakanta Vyas. The committee members were on a surprise visit to the Gandhinagar women's police station on July 19, 2010 when Gupta, who was incharge then, refused to co-operate with the members. The committee complained about her to the speaker who forwarded it to the Committee on Privileges. Ever since, Gupta has repeatedly ignored summons and warrants issued by the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031701", "title": "Yadav Ji completes its shoot", "text": "Bhojpuri movie 'Yadav Ji' has finished its shoot. The film which is made under Kosi Ganga banner has has completed its shoot in Bhagalpur. The film is produced by Prashant Raj and co produced by Narendra Gulshan. Sanjay S Shrivastava had taken the onus of directing the film.The film is basically about a common man who raises his voice against corruption. Dharmesh Mishra, Falak, Dilip Anand are the main stars in the movie. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17027709", "title": "Auto driver returns Rs 5L cash bag to businessman", "text": "Mangalore: Businessman Shahid Sheikh from West Bengal, who is running gold jewellery business at Gokak in Belgaum district, has the honesty of Shekar Devadiga, an autorickshaw driver, to thank for. Shahid who inadvertently left behind a bag containing Rs 5 lakh in Shekar's autorickshaw on Tuesday spent a few anxious hours before being summoned to Mangalore South (Pandeshwar) police station where he got his bag and money therein intact. Shekar, who found the bag in the passenger's seat, handed over the bag to Raghavendra, a traffic police constable on duty at Dr BR Ambedkar (Jyothi) Circle. Shekar, a resident near Kadri Temple had ferried other passengers to their destinations before he chanced on the bag. The police constable who was privy to wireless alert about the missing cash bag in turn directed Shekar to the jurisdictional police station where Shahid had lodged a complaint. City police chief Manish Kharbikar who lauded the honesty of Shekar said city police will felicitate the autorickshaw driver in a suitable manner at an opportune time. Shahid, a businessman normally accepts orders for gold jewellery, collects advance from his clients here and delivers the gold products to them, Manish said, adding that he was in the city on one such errand when he inadvertently left behind the cash bag in the vehicle. Mangalore city south ACP T R Jagannanth said it is the simplicity of Shekar that saved the day for Shahid. \"He was planning to enter into same commercial transaction in the city and had brought cash for the purpose,\" Jagannath said adding that the relieved businessman assured to help Shekar and reward him as well. The selfless act of Shekar earned him appreciation from his fellow auto drivers at Kaprigudda from where he operates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17028869", "title": "CPM holds statewide rally for women's safety", "text": "RANCHI: As part of their national protest against atrocities on women, the CPM on Tuesday campaigned in the state to bring the issue into focus and urge the government to take all necessary steps to stem the disturbing trend.Jharkhand , like other states, has witnessed a huge spurt in the number of crimes against women - a total of 3,200 cases of rape have been reported in the state between 2008 and 2011. Across the country, a huge rise in crime against women, including minors, have taken place, said CPM activists.At a meeting swith over 100 party members on Albert Ekka Chowk here, Rajendra Singh Munda, former MLA and a senior CPM state secretariat member, said the Union government had failed to protect women. \"Rising numbers of rapes, particularly in Haryana, indicate that women are not safe in the country. Police do not seem to be serious about this issue and try to ignore cases reported to them. Such indifference only emboldens criminals,\" said Singh. tnnApart from sexual assaults and rapes, increasing incidents of violence against women on the pretext of 'witch hunting' has also been observed across the state, claimed the activists. \"The situation is disturbing. Atrocities against women have broken the social fabric of the country as more and more women are made victims of sexual and physical violence,\" said Prafulla Linda, another secretariat member of the party.CPM activists in all districts of the state agitated at their respective district headquarters - including Khunti, Jamshedpur, Dhanbad - and submitted a memorandum of demands to the deputy commissioners. The activists demanded that the government ensures security of women at public places, public transport and at workplaces. \"The government should immediately take strong steps to check violence against women,\" said a leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026994", "title": "'Pre-term babies can live well if managed properly'", "text": "NAGPUR: It is the reason for nearly half the number of child deaths in the world, so a preterm birth has always been an area of concern for doctors. India has a large share of preterm babies and the highest number of deaths of premature babies in the world. However, with proper management and the right preventive measures taken, preterm babies can grow up to be healthy individuals.As the Nagpur Obstetrics and Gyneacological Society ( NOGS) conducted its annual conference 'Gynaecon 2012', gynaecologists of the city got together to discuss several important issues including managing a preterm child. Several eminent doctors from other cities were the faculty members during the meet.\"It is a global problem, big enough for the World Health Organisation to launch a campaign called 'Born Too Soon'. In different countries, the percentage of children born too soon ranges from 5 to 18 of all live births. India had 35 lakh premature births in 2010 alone,\" said Pune-based Dr Parag Biniwale.He said that many of these preterm births could be prevented if pregnant women underwent health and nutrition assessment before giving birth. \"Those women who have a low body mass index (BMI), blood disorders like anaemia or infections like those in the urinary tract must stall the pregnancy until the condition is corrected. One type of infections that is often forgotten by gynaecologists is oral infections which should be assessed before as well as during the pregnancy as they have been proved to be related with preterm births,\" he said. Also, antenatal care should begin right from the moment the child is conceived and not in the seventh month, he said. \"Several conditions that can crop up during the course of a pregnancy, like diabetes and hypertension, need to be monitored and managed continuously,\" he added.Mumbai-based Dr Hitesh Bhatt believes that all the risks related to the pregnancy should be explained to the patients so that they can make an informed decision. \"Losing the child or mother due to complications is a common reason for patients to drag a doctor to the court. If the patient is explained the condition and the risks beforehand, they would end up understanding and appreciating the efforts put in by the doctor. It is also important to document all the procedures and dialogues that the patients have with the doctor. This not only helps reach the right decision at the right time but protects the doctor in case of legal trouble,\" he said.Sometimes, health reasons can force a doctor to perform a caesarean section before the term of the pregnancy is over. Kolkata-based Dr Bhaskar Pal said, \"This happens in case there is a risk to the life of the mother or the child. There is a condition called intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) where the foetus does not grow as it should inside the uterus.\" In such babies, the lungs are not developed well, so they have breathing problems. Their bodies are unable to maintain their temperatures, and they can't suck so it is difficult to feed them. They also have high sugar levels and carry greater risks of infections or even brain haemorrhage.Managing such babies requires a well-equipped hospital so it should be ensured that either the mother delivers at such a place or can be transported to one fast enough, Pal said. \"Intra-venous fluids, incubators and even ventilators are required for the purpose of supporting their normal growth outside the womb. If managed well, 90 to 95% of these children can go home in a healthy condition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031148", "title": "Ajit Singh re-produces Pani Da Rang", "text": "Here is an exclusive re-production of the hit track 'Pani Da Rang' featuring the late Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan by Ajit Singh, a California based music producer, composer and multi-instrumentalist. Ajit Singh was honored by being selected to do one of the last Friction Labs ever on the BBC Asian Network - Bobby Friction Show in mid-October.His task was to re-produce - Pani Da Rang , composed by Ayushmann Khurrana and Rochak Kohli (Vicky Donor), into a completely new style within one week.Born and raised in Nigeria, Africa , Ajit started his training in tabla at a very young age. After over a decade of intense classical training from several Ustads, including Arshad Hussain and Ustad Bhai Baldeep Singh, Ajit picked up the Dhol and started training under World famous Ustad Lal Singh Bhatti in both folk and classical styles. Ajit has tremendous exposure and experience in both the Indian classical and folk music, along with a strong backing in western music styles including Hip Hop, Dubstep , Dance, House, Electronic, etc.Ajit's inspirations include the late Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , late Kuldip Manak, Wadali Brothers, and Hans Raj Hans, to name a few. Ajit's passion for music led him to start DJing and remixing when he was 16, and eventually into production. He released his first debut single with vocalist and sister, Harleen Singh, titled 'Leja Kite Door'. This was released early 2012 on the album 'Kalikwest Connected Vol. 1' featuring top producers and singers from around the world. He looks to continue his production career by combining Eastern music styles - Sufi, Punjabi Folk, Indian Classical - with popular Western styles.Along with his debut single, Ajit recently released 'Amb Da Bass' as a tribute to Kuldip Manak, along with \"Panjabian Da Dhol (Ajit Singh Dholstep Remix),\" where he carefully combined strict Punjabi rhythms with accents of Dubstep. Ajit Singh looks to influence the world of music as his inspirations have.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17029952", "title": "Leaders pay homage to Indira Gandhi on 28th death anniversary", "text": "NEW DELHI:The nation remembered former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her 28th death anniversary on Wednesday with President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh paying homage to the departed leader.Mukherjee, Vice-President Hamid Ansari and Singh paid floral tributes at Shakti Sthal, the memorial of Gandhi, here on Wednesday morning.Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi and Delhi Lt Governor Tejinder Khanna were also present on the occasion.Union Ministers Sushilkumar Shinde, Salman Khurshid, M Veerappa Moily, Kamal Nath, P K Bansal and Narayana Swamy and new inductees Deepa Dasmunsi and Chiranjeevi were also present.Devotional songs were played at the venue.A speech by Indira Gandhi was also played on the occasion.The former prime minister was assassinated by her bodyguards on October 31, 1984, the same year when she had launched 'Operation Blue Star' to crush secessionist movement in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17027190", "title": "After 2 years, Authority wakes up to traffic chaos", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority's plan to regulate and simplify traffic movement between the Model Town Chowki and Noida-Greater Noida Expressway has remained stuck for over two years now, however, it now claims that the work will be complete by January next year. The Authority is yet to complete work on a 1km stretch and on the proposed bridge at Hindon Vihar.If work on the bridge and this kilometre-long stretch is completed, thousands of residents of Indirapuram in Ghaziabad will be able to avoid a 4km detour that they are currently forced to take to reach the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.The stretch between the Model Town in Sector 62 and the Expressway is around 15km long. While this stretch is snarl-free up to Sector 74, work on the stretch beyond that, near Hindon Vihar, has remained stuck. The Authority had begun the repair work and construction of a bridge along this road near Hindon Vihar in December 2009 at a cost of Rs 18 crore. It had also completely dug up a 1km stretch near the under-construction bridge, but stalled any further construction work without an explanation leading to regular traffic chaos in the area.However, the Authority claims it will resume the work soon and the stretch will be opened to traffic by January next year. \"Work on the bridge and the 1km stretch near Sector 74 had to be stalled at the time due to heavy rains that had followed then. After that, the project could not be resumed due to some inconsistencies in planning and several other reasons. However, we have cleared all hurdles now and will resume the work in a couple of days,\" an Authority official said.Residents of Indirapuram area currently need to travel an extra four kilometres as they are forced to cross the busy Sector 71 crossing, City Center, Sector 49 crossing to Sectors 46, 47 and the Hajipur village road to reach the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. However, after the construction of the Hindon Vihar bridge and the 1km road near Sector 74, these residents and will have direct access to the expressway via this stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026594", "title": "Property dealer held for murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A property dealer was arrested for allegedly murdering a person over a property dispute and injuring two people, including a 15-year-old on Tuesday.Daulat Ram (33), allegedly shot another property dealer Sandeep alias Mattoo, his brother Pradeep alias Moni and Raju in Aman Vihar in northwest Delhi. The injured were taken to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital, where Sandeep, who received six-seven bullets, succumbed to injuries, said police.Daulat Ram, a resident of Karala Village, was accompanied by his brother Vikram and a few friends, said police. Vikram was also injured.Daulat Ram was arrested at 9.30 pm, after police laid a trap near his house. A licensed pistol was recovered from him. Sandeep is a resident of Mubarakpur Dabas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028455", "title": "Lucknow in spirit of getting spooked", "text": "LUCKNOW: Don't be scared if you bump into a witch, ghost, vampire, monster or devil on the city streets today. Young boys and girls will be dressing up today in a horrific way in order to attend the Halloween bash. Once a little know foreign festival, the trend of celebrating it is growing in the city. Most of the lounges in the city have organised a bash on Halloween in which everything will go dark and spooky.Event in charge Ish Chopra of a Gomtinagar lounge which has organised a Halloween party says, \"Earlier, nobody in the city was aware of the festival, but with global exposure, most of the youngsters are looking forward to the celebration. Halloween parties are gaining popularity and at our bash we expect at least 350 guests.\"Gargi Mishra, an interior designing student who along with her friends is going to attend the bash, said, \"I am going to celebrate this festival for the first time. I have designed my costume and will be wearing a mask, wig and over-size black dress.\" Ali Nomani, a college student, says Halloween has become a major occasion for partying. It's exciting to dress up as a scary character and dance in a place that appears haunted.The lounges which are celebrating the festival are giving the place a touch of horror. To make the party venue as dark and evil as possible, it has been decorated with spooky elements. Skeletons, black spiders, cobwebs, lizards, fake blood and skulls have set the tone for party. The special lights along with pumpkin lanterns have been used to create a dark, wild and frightening atmosphere. The visitors will be greeted by ghosts and witches. Besides, scary noises will reverberate through the party.In accordance with the theme, the music will be scary and spooky too. \"Halloween is the time when we pump up psychedelic and electronic music,\" says Chopra. He adds, food and beverages will not be regular and they will be introducing something new. Rohit Atri, manager of another lounge, said, \"To keep everything pitch dark and dreaded, I have bought spooky items and objects from Delhi as we do not get good scary material in the city.\"But some of the lounges in the city have already celebrated the Halloween party last weekend. \"People prefer weekends over working days. As most of them do not have their college or office on weekends, it is easier to attract a large crowd to the party,\" said organiser of a lounge which conducted the party on last Sunday.Halloween is also known as All Hallows Eve or All Saints Eve and every year is celebrated on October 31. As per the legend, the last day of the year of an old calendar was October 31 and this day was known as Samhain. It marked the end of harvest season and beginning of winter. The souls of dead visit their homes on Samhain. It is said people dress up in costumes to disguise themselves from evil spirits on Halloween. Similarly, carving pumpkins, jacko-lantern, is one of the famous traditions of Halloween. As it was believed that lights keep ghosts away, they make pumpkin lantern with a candle inside to keep them safe from evil spirits. The colours of Halloween are orange and black which represent harvest and death, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17027910", "title": "Spices lower lifestyle-related diseases: Expert", "text": "Mysore: Spices used in Indian cuisine not only make it tastier and aromatic but also provide an array of health benefits, said K Srinivasan, senior scientist and head of the department biochemistry and nutrition, CFTRI.Speaking on World Food Day organized by Indian Medical Association here on Tuesday, Srinivasan said \"Indians were the first to know the benefits of spices and started using it. The importance of spices was discovered during the Vedic age.\"Spices increase the nutritional quality of food and reduce the need for other less healthy flavours like salt, fat and sugar. Spices reduce the need for sodium, he added. Spices are also known to check obesity and cholesterol. Dr Srinivasan attributed the higher incidence of lifestyle diseases in the West to the meager use of spices in their cuisine.Spices have more disease-fighting antioxidants. Curry powders prepared out of spices has more beneficial properties, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17028464", "title": "Sketch of man who fled leaving arms behind out", "text": "LUDHIANA: Railway police released the sketch of the person who had fled on October 26 from the Ludhiana railway station, leaving behind a bag containing two 9mm pistols and 14 live cartridges.Police sources say the accused could be from the same terror network as the one arrested on the same day from Amritsar. Inspector general (GRP) Rohit Chaudhry said, \"The link of the accused who fled from Ludhiana and the one arrested at Amritsar cannot be ruled out as the weapons seized from them were sophisticated, and probably brought from outside the country.\"Pointing out further similarities, he added, \"The driving licence of the one held from Amritsar is from Manila and the clothes recovered from the bag of the accused who fled from Ludhiana are branded, probably bought from Thailand.\"Sources said a team of GRP has been sent to Rudrapur, especially to Gurdwara Gurunanak Matta on Indo-Nepal border as there was a booklet of the shrine in his bag. The bag also contained a few utensils and a rugsack with his name engraved on it, they added. \"The team will also be checking with shopkeepers in Rudrapur who engrave names,\" said Chaudhry. Further, sources said the person who got the delivery of one of the two weapons recovered from the accused at Amritsar has also been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027832", "title": "Railways to run 750 trains to meet Kumbh rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To meet the massive rush of pilgrims during Mahakumbh, railways will run 750 special trains and arrange for 800 coaches. Speaking to reporters, divisional railway manager, Allahabad division, NCR, Harendra Rao said about 14 lakhs additional pilgrims will arrive in the city through trains during Kumbh. This would be in addition to 20 lakh regular passengers who will visit the city.The 800 additional coaches will make upto 35 rakes. Apart from 750 special trains, the existing trains will be augmented with additional coaches. Additional stoppages will be given to many long distance trains at Allahabad, Vidnhyachal and Naini station, Rao said.NCR is also taking steps for passenger amenities. In this connection, surface improvement of platform numbers 4 and 6 have been done and stairs of foot overbridge (FOB) have been repaired. A new FOB at Smith Road has been constructed and additional booking counters, including additional circulating area covering Hathi Nala, have been provided. In addition, two new escalators would be installed at Allahabad junctionAdditional approach roads leading to Civil Lines side of Allahabad junction are being provided by widening of fourth, fifth and sixth avenue of Traffic colony. The work will be completed by November 12. Six high mast for improving illumination levels at Allahabad and Naini junction have been planned.For catering to large number of pilgrims, about nine temporary enclosures have been planned. Four temporary enclosures would be opened at city side of Allahabad railway junction while two temporary enclosures would be opened at Civil Lines side of the junction. Three temporary enclosures would be set up at Naini junction.About 133 additional booking counters/ PRS/enquiry counters would be opened at Allahabad, Naini, Sangam and Vidhyachal. At Sangam, 10 booking counters, two reservation counters and two enquiry counters will be set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028271", "title": "Damini likely to return home by Monday", "text": "JAIPUR: It seems happy days will be back soon for rickshaw puller Bablu and his infant daughter Damini. The doctors who are treating the baby at Fortis Hospital here on Tuesday claimed that they will be able to discharge her from the hospital by next Monday.On October 20, Damini was admitted to the hospital after the state government decided to give her free treatment. Since her father was not in a position to bear the medical expenses Damini was admitted to the hospital from Bharatpur as her health was deteriorating. During then the doctors had cited various health problems including pneumonia, respiratory problems, being underweight among others. Initially she was even kept on the ventilator.\"Initially her weight was merely 1,400 grams which has now increased to 1,950 grams. She is has started taking food normally. A few injections still have to be administered to the baby. We hope to increase her weight to 2.5 kgs,\" said Jai Kishan Mittal, a neonatologist at the hospital.For the last couple of days the doctors have also taken off nasogastric (NG) tube through which the infant was being fed.However, the doctor added that for the next one month her father as well as other people concerned will have to take care of her feeding.\"I will suggest that they see a doctor even in Bharatpur on a weekly basis,\" Mittal added. He also said that he will speak to the district collector of Bharatpur to ensure that Bablu goes for regular vaccination of the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026673", "title": "Accolade for BARC over 'God particle' discovery", "text": "MUMBAI: Barc has played a key role in the discovery of Higgs Boson, also referred to as God's particle, which was announced on July 4, 2012.Addressing a team at BARC on Tuesday to mark the 103rd birth anniversary of Homi Bhabha, centre director, Sekhar Basu, said \"BARC scientists have been named in the first paper published on the discovery of Higgs Boson\". The paper was published in an internationally-known journal called 'Phyics Letters B' on August 18. Its editorial board has a global representation.Basu further stated that the Barc team in association with BEL (Bharat Electronics Limited) has supplied 100 silicon sensors to the Large Hadron Collider project which discovered the Higgs Boson.The sensational discovery of Higgs Boson is expected to provide a deeper understanding of the universe.Atomic energy commission chairman, R.K.Sinha, said that the first unit of the 1000 mwRussian-aided Kudunkulam atomic power station in Tamilnadu is expected to commence operations shortly, and the second unit early next year.He told the large gathering of scientists that light water reactors with international co-operation, each of 1000 mw or more, have been planned at Kudunkulam, Jaitapur in Maharashtra, Kovvada in Andhra Pradesh and Mithi Virdi in Gujarat.Sinha said that nuclear power generation is increasing following the improvement in uranium supply from domestic as well as international sources. In 2011-12 it registered an increase of about 23 per cent over that generated in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17028002", "title": "A galaxy which steals stars from its neighbour", "text": "WASHINGTON: One of the closest galaxies to the Milky Way almost got away with a theft! Astronomers have discovered that a Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of the closest galaxies to the Milky Way \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is stealing stars from its neighbour, the Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC).The crucial evidence for \"a crime of galactic proportions\" came from surveys looking for something entirely different-dark objects on the outskirts of the Milky Way. Astronomers have been monitoring the LMC to hunt for evidence of massive compact halo objects, or MACHOs. MACHOs were thought to be faint objects, roughly the mass of a star, but their exact nature was unknown.Several surveys looked for MACHOs in order to find out if they could be a major component of dark matter \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the unseen stuff that holds galaxies together.In order for MACHOs to make up dark matter, they must be so faint that they can't be directly detected. However, astronomers looked for a phenomenon known as microlensing.Martian rocks just like Mexican ones?Researchers have found that the Martian crater where Nasa's Curiosity rover is roaming has a composition similar to a Mexican valley where several bacterial communities have survived since life began on Earth, a finding that can hold clues about life on the Red planet. Millions of years ago fire and water forged the gypsum rocks locked in marshes of Cuatro Cienegas , a Mexican valley similar to Gale crater on Mars.Bubble-forming black hole foundBubbles in space! Astronomers have found giant bubbles in the universe powered by a massive black hole, with a mass six billion times that of the Sun. Astronomers used a radio telescope to produce one of the best images ever made at the lowest frequencies of a galaxy 2000 times more massive than Milky Way, hosting in its centre one of the most massive black holes found so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028031", "title": "Schools to be closed on Wednesday", "text": "CHENNAI: With Cyclone Nilam set to hit the Chennai-Cuddalore coast on Wednesday evening, school authorities are taking no chances. A rain holiday was declared for schools and colleges in 11 coastal districts on Wednesday.The responsibility of declaring a holiday for educational institutions rests with the respective district collectorates. Holidays have been declared for schools in Chennai, Kanchipuram, Tiruvallur, Tiruvannamalai, Nagapattinam, Ariyalur, Vellore, Cuddalore, Villupuram, Perambalur and Thanjavur.Schools in most districts that declared a rain holiday on Tuesday received the information by 7am, and were able to inform parents by posting messages on the school website or sending SMS alerts in the morning. Institutions in a few districts that didn't get the information early enough faced some tense moments, with children turning up at the school gates only to be told to go home. \"We were caught between the government asking us to close and upset parents asking us why we were sending children back in the rain,\" said a school correspondent.The school education department has not announced a compensatory working day yet. Officials said the second term portions were less than the other two terms, due to such exigencies. Sometimes, rain holidays are declared for free government-run schools so they can be offered as temporary accommodation for people being evacuated.Highways checkedTamil Nadu highways and minor ports minister Edappadi K Palanisamy on Tuesday reviewed about the rain affected roads in the state and instructed the offi cials to repair 3,877km of state highways. \"The minister also instructed the officials to repair damage to two big bridges and 229 small bridges due to heavy rain and landslides in 80 places,\" a statement from the government said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026658", "title": "NGO files review petition against BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Less than two weeks after the Delhi high court dismissed a PIL against the BRT corridor, the petitioner NGO is back in HC.Filing a review on Tuesday, Nyaya Bhoomi has urged the court to reconsider its verdict given that an expert body appointed by it had come up with adverse findings on the corridor. The NGO has also claimed the court must take into view the alleged violations of the MPD 2021 by the corridor since it doesn't leave 45m road space for vehicular movement.President of the NGO B B Sharan also argued in his review plea that the BRT corridor bars usage of optimum road space and the bus lane remains empty a majority of the time even as traffic crawls on the other lanes. The court is likely to hear the review this week.Earlier, the bench had categorically rejected the PIL for scrapping the 5.8-km long Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand BRT corridor saying its implementation is not an \"irrational decision\". HC maintained since there was no scope to expand the width of the existing roads and the population of Delhi was continuously rising, Delhiites have to, one day or the other, use public transport.A Central Road Research Institute study commissioned by HC on the effectiveness of BRT couldn't convince the bench to alter the reserved bus lane system envisaged by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17028896", "title": "Guwahati student makes it to Times Scholars list", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ajitesh Gogoi loves gadgets and keeps abreast with anything latest in the world of technology. He loves his computer which is the window for him to explore the world of technology around him.A student of Class XII at DPS Guwahati, Ajitesh has a dream that one day he will become a top-notch IT professional in the country. Ajitesh, a resident of Beltola Survey area of Guwahati, was born on December 14, 1994. His father, Dibya Dhar Gogoi, is a forest department officer and is currently posted at Kaziranga National Park. His mother, Mouchumi Saikia Gogoi, passed away last year. Ajitesh has a younger sister, Namrata, who studies in Class VII in the same school.When he was selected for Times Scholars, Ajitesh's joy knew no bounds as he started dreaming that he is moving in the right direction in fulfilling his aspirations.'Times Scholars' is an initiative by The Times of India to recognize and reward the brightest young minds, 45,000 of whom applied for the scholarship this year. The final round for the top 100 - 105, to be precise - is slated for November 3 in Delhi.\"When I came across the advertisement of Times Scholars, I promptly applied for it. Now that I have been selected, I think it has given me an opportunity to prove myself. My selection is a testimony that I have the potential,\" said Ajitesh.His subject combinations - physics, chemistry, mathematics, English and physical education - itself speaks that Ajitesh has already decided that his future studies will be in the field of technology. He is also aware of the fact that often in life one may not become what one desires the most.\"I may not become what I want to be because life and career nowadays are very competitive. But that doesn't prevent me from pursuing my interest in computer science. And this has prompted me to decide that I would love to see myself in the field of information technology,\" said Ajitesh.He added, \"I love everything related to computers. These days, I am hooked to understanding the applications of android technology in cellphones.\"Ajitesh is interested in music and photography. He also loves sports. \"Music and photography help me a lot in relieving stress. I also play table tennis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027457", "title": "Coffee table book on Coimbatore birds by former martial arts trainer", "text": "COIMBATORE: To fight his loneliness as a widower, C Subramaniam took up photography as a hobby four years ago. \"After my wife Eansy died of cancer and my two children migrated to US, I thought of spending the extra time I had on cultivating hobbies. It was then that my son gifted me a Nikon 3000 and a video camera while my daughter presented me with a Sigma 150-500 tele-lens,'' recalls Subramanian, Coimbatore's avid bird watcher and wildlife photographer.From being the most eminent karate and tennis coach in the city, Subramanian has become an avid bird watcher and nature photographer and has brought out a coffee table book titled \"Amazing Birds of Coimbatore.\" The book which includes 173 photos of the winged creatures is receiving wide acclaim.\"Coimbatore has a huge population of bird watchers and nature enthusiasts. But they lacked a reference book on species and their details. I just wanted to fill that void. The book is the culmination of the hobby turned dedicated work by 59-year-old C. Subramanian, who vigorously chased winged visitors of the city on an almost daily basis in all these years.While I started shooting birds as a hobby, the collection has impressed some of my ornithologist friends who lament the lack of a consolidated collection of birds that visit this region. This book is an attempt at resolving this issue,\" says Subramanian.The photos showcase his artistic and creative skills. \"I had photographed a black sparrow near Masanagudi recently and it was included in the book. To the best of my knowledge, it is the only picture of a black house sparrow ever taken and it has been authenticated by leading ornithologists,\" he said.It was his passion for photography that made Subramanian a bird watcher. Now he has evolved into a bird protector as well. His residence in Vadavalli near here is also home to around 100 birds, several of which are injured and receiving treatment and care from the bird lover.His next project is to bring out a collection of butterflies found in and around Coimbatore. \"So far, I have taken pictures of at least 30 different species. It might be a smaller book but one that children would love to own,\" he says. He also has plans on documenting all bird species in Tamil Nadu. \"But that is not quite feasible as I cannot leave home. Who will take care of my birds if I do,\" he asks.\"This book is a ready reference for bird watchers across the state. The photographs are artistically excellent and scientifically exact,'' says PA Azeez, director of Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History in Anaikatty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027085", "title": "Kantha manifests Durga as Stree Shakti", "text": "KOLKATA: On October 29 exactly 50 years ago, when Shamlu Dudeja came to this city as a just-married bride, the Puja festivities were just over. The next year, she was back with her parents for her first delivery. So, only in her third year she got to know the special charm Durga holds for Bengal.In 1962, the Pujas were fewer, smaller, more intimate. In the intervening years it has grown to become a carnival worthy of being showcased to the world. But even in those early years Shamlu connected in a special way with the multi-armed goddess. \"As a woman I always believed in the concept of Shakti - in Stree Shakti to be specific,\" she adds. That is why this year she mounted an exhibition of Kanthas unfolding the story of Durga. And, much like the tableaus seen in the Pandals, the 'kantha canvases' were on view at the ITC Sonar till Dasami on October 24.Durga astride a lion. Slaying the Bull demon. With her family - Lakshmi, Ganesh, Kartik, Saraswati. As Shiv Shakti or Ardhanarishwar. In her manifestations as Chandi, Kali, Chamunda, Bagala, Kamal Kamini, Jagadamba, Katyayini, Gauri... As Makarvahini Ganga: Clearly the 1000-odd women who have made it possible for SHE - Self Help Enterprise - to mount the 'Durga Maha Kantha Utsab' know their Chandi even if many amongst them can just-about sign their names.Empowerment of women at the grassroots is what powered Shamlu's involvement with Kantha. Originally it was a poor man's quilting stitch: women in rural Bengal would sew together three layers of tattered fabrics to make a quilt and ward off the winter. Today they not only supplement the meagre incomes of their husbands or sons - they hold their head high by the dignity conferred by their craft.Sadhana Mondal, without the use of her right arm, has - as the teamleader of 150 embroiderers - travelled to America with Shamlu to market Kanthas. Srilekha went to Santa Fey in New Mexico where her creations found a permanent home in the Museum of Folk Art. Chandana and Soma, two of the hands behind the Durgas on view, have been to the Raj Bhavan (where 20 kanthas are on permanent display) when the Governor presented them the SHE Awards initiated last year.From huts to Bhavans, Kantha's story of rise started about 27 years ago, when Shamlu used the running stitch to decorate saris, dupattas, kurtas and other haute couture outfits. Moving on to house decor - table cloths, napkins, dinner mats, coasters, bed spreads - Kantha found new takers outside India. Tagore at 150 spurred them on to craft portraits of the Bard and scenes or sequences from his tales such as Chandalika and Kabuliwala. These travelled through Europe, wherever ICCR has an office, and got shown in art galleries at the Hague and Berlin , elevating Kantha to the level of art.Now it enters the prayer room, as a living example of the chant, Ya Devi Sarvabhuteshu Shakti Rupen Sangsthita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17026690", "title": "Girl found burnt at home in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 16-year-old girl was found dead with 100% burn injuries inside her house at New Mustafabad of Loni town in Ghaziabad on Tuesday morning. Police said the girl's parents were out of town visiting relatives in Meerut for a wedding and had left behind the girl and her four brothers. The family has alleged gang rape, accusing four local boys. However, police said that there were no conspicuous signs of struggle, break-in or loot in the house.Preliminary investigations show that the incident took place on Monday night when the victim was asleep inside a room with her two younger brothers, aged six and eight. Her two elder brothers slept at a neighbour's house. On Tuesday morning, when some neighbours peeped from underneath the door they found the girl's body in a seated position in the courtyard outside her house, next to the door of the room where she had been sleeping, said police.\"The door of the room where she was sleeping was locked from outside. The outermost door was locked from inside and the victim was lying dead in the courtyard,\" said Prashant Kumar, SSP Ghaziabad.The parents of the girl were on their way back to Delhi when they heard about the incident and immediately lodged a complaint at the Loni police station. The victim's father, Wasim, accused four local teenaged boys of raping and setting his daughter on fire based on his brother-in-law's version, who allegedly saw them jump over the terrace to enter the victim's house.\"I suspect that my daughter was also sexually assaulted,\" the victim's father alleged in his complaint, saying that one of the boys always had \"dishonourable intentions\" towards his daughter.The victim's father said she hadn't been living with them but with her grandfather as his house was closer to her school. \"She had come to meet us for Eid. We had gone to Meerut for a day and when I came back I saw her dead, burnt, disfigured body,\" said Wasim, who works as a scrap dealer.Police have taken the four boys in custody for questioning. \"Anything conclusive about the sexual assault can be said only after the post mortem report,\" the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026390", "title": "One-LPG households need not fill KYC form", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cooking gas agencies around the city are under siege with consumers queuing up for long hours to get their connections revalidated by filling in the 'know your customer' (KYC) form and getting a new customer booklet issued. Such is the rush that the oil companies have decided to extend the last date to November 15 from October 31. They have also clarified that not all LPG consumers need to go through this ordeal.The LPG control order, 2000 (with amendments), issued under the Essential Commodities Act, 1955, allows only one connection for one household. In order to weed out multiple and fake connections, the three oil companies - Bharat Petroleum, Hindustan Petroleum and Indian Oil Corporation - have asked consumers to voluntarily give up additional connections. The process has been on for over a year but it has now been put on the fast track with the petroleum ministry's decision last month to cap the supply of subsidised LPG at six cylinders per household in a year.Officials said that multiple connections \"in the same name and at the same address\" as well as \"husband and wife\" connections at the same address would be summarily disconnected. In case of multiple connections at same address under different names, distributors have been asked to collect KYC forms to verify genuine users. \"There is no need for all LPG consumers to submit KYC. Only those consumers whose names appear on the transparency portal of the respective oil company (the list of names is also with their respective LPG distributors) i.e those who have been identified as owning/using multiple connections need to submit the KYC form. It has to be submitted for new connections too besides during transfer and regularization of existing LPG connections and reactivation of blocked ones.\"Our policy is simple - one household, one connection. If you have more than one household at the same address, then you have to inform your distributor who will come for physical verification. If the distributor is satisfied, then each household will be entitled to a connection,'' said officials. In several areas of the city, where people live on different floors at the same address, each floor will be eligible for a connection.\"Customers are advised to check the list on the transparency portal of the company. If their name figures on it, only then do they need to submit latest proof of identity and address and fill the KYC form,'' said N Srikumar, executive director, corporate communications and branding, Indian Oil.Oil companies say that till they complete the de-duplication process, they won't be issuing the normal subsided cylinders to the consumer being scrutinised. These consumers can get an LPG cylinder through tatkal but at the market price.Oil companies deliver over 100 crore cylinders annually. In October, while a subsidized gas cylinder was available at Rs 399 in Delhi, the non-subsidised one was for Rs 883.5. All LPG consumers are eligible for three subsidised domestic cylinders during the remaining part of the current financial year ending March 31, 2013.Those with piped gas connections need to surrender their cylinders immediately. \"Consumers are advised to immediately surrender multiple connections too. If no action is initiated within the prescribed time-frame, then the consumer will be liable for permanent disconnection and action under the Essential Commodities Act,'' cautioned director (marketing) M Nene, IOC. Officials said a door-to-door survey was not possible as there were over 14 lakh LPG consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027224", "title": "Prisoners strike a high note with CD", "text": "KOLKATA: On the lines of 'Muktadhara', a film based on prisoners who are reformed through culture therapy, eight convicts housed in Dum Dum jail have formed Muktaberi, a folk music group. Their first album Ore Manush was released on October 17.Sujit Dolui, Swapan Barui, Paritosh Ghosh, Manik Kumar, Giridhari Kumar, Swapan Sardar, Parimesh Tapali and Sahadeb Sarkar - all singers of Ore Manush - will soon be seen on hoardings across the city to help popularize their album, said Ranveer Kumar, IG (prisons). \"We will put up the hoardings in all major spots,\" he said.Ore Manush has 12 songs including Rabindrasangeet, Nazrulgeeti, Baul and songs of Lalon Fakir and Jasimuddin. IPS officer B D Sharma, the former ADG (prisons), has also performed in the album along with the convict group's mentor Tapan Roy.Training the convicts in music was part of the culture therapy that started in 2010, said Roy. He started scouting for convicts with a knack for music from Behrampore, Midnapore and Dum Dum jails and selected eight to form Muktaberi. \"I started this folk music team and all eight trainees were brought to Dum Dum jail so that they could be easily groomed.\"Roy selected two convicts from Berhampore jail, three from Midnapore jail and three from Dum Dum jail. \"For the past two years, they have been housed in Dum Dum jail where they have learnt to perform well. They can also play the dotara and khamak,\" said Roy. \"As the team has been rehearsing together for quite some time and staying together, they are part of a well synchronized family and I train them once or twice a week,\" he added.Roy had a problem when troupe member Santanu Bagdi was released from jail in May. \"I selected him from Berhampore jail and trained him. He is now a major performer and stages six to seven shows every month. I am proud that he has taken to music after his release and surely my training is helping him earn,\" said Roy.Jail minister Shankar Chakraborty said he had selected an inmate from Raiganj who has joined the group after Bagdi left. He said whenever he visits jails, he watches the inmates perform and encourages them to do it well.The troupe has already earned accolades with several public performances. They have already performed at Rabindra Sadan and Milon Mela besides a cinema hall at Dum Dum. The group is also performing at shows against hefty fees.Earnings from these shows will be submitted to the convicts' welfare fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026933", "title": "Criticized by mom over studies, 16-year-old girl hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: A 16-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself after being pulled up by mother for not studying properly. Alisha Bajaj, a tenth standard student, was already disturbed as she couldn't appear for her school unit test on Monday due to poor health.She was among the bright students in her class and would always be among the first five. Her elder brother Ajay told TOI Alisha was \"dejected and feeling restless as she couldn't appear for the exam.\" Around 4pm on Monday, Alisha's mother Kanta found her hanging from the shower at their Gurukrupa Palace residence in Wardhaman Nagar. A case of an accidental death was registered at Lakadganj police station. Just hours before on the same day, a 13-year-old Abhilasha Patil, a resident of Bezonbagh, had hanged herself in the bathroom for unknown reason.Alisha's extreme step has shocked her parents Kanhaiyalal and Kanta and siblings Anjali, Jahnvi and Ajay. Kanhaiyalal owns a grains godown in Kalamna while Kanta is a homemaker. \"Apart from being studious and hardworking, Alisha was always very active in extra curricular activities,\" Ajay said. He informed that on Sunday, the family had planned an outing for the day and hence Alisha couldn't prepare for her exam on Monday. She was having her maths test at the school in morning. Besides, she was also having her test series at tuition classes.\"Despite the outing, Alisha studied the whole night and didn't take proper rest. She studied continuously from midnight to 3am. After an hour's rest, she studied again in the morning,\" he said. Though Alisha went to school, she felt uneasy before test and was sent home by teachers. When she returned, Alisha didn't speak to anyone. Kanta forced her to eat something and Alisha again went to her room.\"Seeing her so depressed, mother suggested that she study regularly instead of studying at the eleventh hour. This angered her and she again locked herself in the room. An hour later, she went into the bathroom and hanged herself,\" Ajay said. The suicide came to light when she didn't respond for a long time and Ajay broke the bathroom door.An inconsolable Ajay said their mom would always appreciate Alisha for her academic work. \"She was only suggesting a better way but Alisha took it badly,\" added Ajay. Alisha did not leave any suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17028286", "title": "Religious heads to discuss bill on Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: The Central government had already declared Ganga as the national river and constituted National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) to address issues related to the holy river. Ganga Mahasabha has come up with a draft, proposing enactment of National River Ganga (Conservation and Management) Act-2012.After toiling for months, the bill drafting committee head by Justice(Retd) Giridhar Malviya prepared a 14-page draft.\"The Ganga Mahasabha is going to hold a meeting of religious leaders of different faiths to discuss the drafted bill at NDMC convention hall near Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on November 21,\" said Acharya Jitendra, general secretary of Ganga Mahasabha. This organisation is committed for clean and unobstructed flow of 9Ganga.The letters and copies of the drafted bill are being sent to the religious leaders across the country, including Shankaracharya. After discussion, the draft will be submitted to the Central government to get it passed by the Parliament, he said.\"Though Ganga has been classified as the national river but it is yet to get the constitutional status. For this, there is a need of enactment of law by parliament,\" said Acharya, adding that taking an initiative in this regard, Ganga Mahasabha prepared the draft of the proposed Act with the help of noted persons from judiciary, environmentalists and scientists.Justice (Retd) Malviya is the chairman of the bill drafting committee while other members are Swami Gyan Swaroop Sanand (noted environmentalist GD Agrawal), Justice (Retd) SS Kulshrestha, MC Mehta, lawyer, Supreme Court, Paritosh Tyagi, former chairman, Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), Arun Kumar Gupta, lawyer, High Court, Allahabad, Santosh Kumar, lawyer, Supreme Court and Govind Sharma, general secretary, Ganga Mahasabha.The draft specifies that the very special features and unique status of the sacred Ganga in the culture and daily lives is recognised and river is at the very foundation and core of civilization. It is the best internationally known identity of Indian nation. Recognising the special place, the Union of India had designated Ganga as the national river and constituted National Ganga River Basin Authority for certain aspects of its management, under the Environmental Protection Act-1986. The instruments and arrangements made for this purpose have not proved adequate to render Ganga the special consideration as a national symbol, unique entity and cultural heritage, in the face of pressures from growing populations as also aspirations for economic, industrial, urban and other developments.The chapter 1 of the draft covers title, coverage, basic regulations and definitions. The Act shall be titled as the National River Gangaji (Conservation and Management) Act of 2012 (NRGA in short). The chapter 2 outlines the national and state authorities for Ganga, including the constitution of National River Ganga Authority (NGRA), an apex body at national level and State Ganga Boards (SGBs) at state level.The chapter 3 explains the field implementation of the exercises for restoration, conservation and protection of the holy river, keeping in mind that Ganga is not just a common property but a divine entity and nobody, not even governments can be allowed to exploit and misuse it or its contents.The chapter 4 specifies the offenses in respect of breach/contravention of the objectives/provisions of this Act and the penalties/punishment for these, while Chapter 5 speaks about miscellaneous things like funds and power to make rules.The enactment of the Act is essential as the existing arrangements for the protection and conservation of the holy river failed to serve the purpose, said Acharya, adding that despite spending crores of rupees, no improvement was noticed in the health of Ganga, rather its condition continued to deteriorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031212", "title": "Ekta Tiwari in Savdhaan India!", "text": "Ekta Tiwari has been roped in for an episodic for Savdhaan India- India Fights Back, on Life OK!Ekta, who has also earlier done an episodic for Savdhaan India, will be seen once again in Rowdy Rascal's production. Playing a Maharashtrian girl called Kiran, this is a true story based on the life of Usha Narayani, a girl hailing from Maharashtra who fought for justice.Kiran (Ekta Tiwari) is studying in Mumbai and when she goes to her native village, she hears about a local goonda who threatens people and captures their property and who lifts women from the village and rapes them at his will.Because of his power, the villagers are very frightened of him. But this leaves Kiran angry and she decides to take things into her own hands. But her mother advises her against it and sends her back to Mumbai.However, a few days later she once again hears from her mother that the goonda has abducted and raped her friend. Kiran then approaches the SP in Mumbai and tells him to take action. The goonda is jailed for two days but later relieved on bail.Ekta Tiwari confirms being a part of the show, \"Yes. I have started shooting for this episodic since yesterday at Film city. It's the story about a girl who stands up against this terrorizing man in her village and how she fights for justice\".The on air date for the same has not yet been confirmed!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17027276", "title": "25% subsidy on new taxis from new fiscal", "text": "CALANGUTE: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday promised tourist taxi owners that the government would provide a 25% subsidy on the purchase of new vehicles from the next financial year starting in April.He was addressing the annual general body meeting of the North Goa Tourist Taxi Owners Association at the St Alex church hall in Calangute on Tuesday evening. A large number of tourist taxi owners were present for the meeting which began earlier in the afternoon, though the chief minister could make it only by around 6.50pm.Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, Sarpanch Anne-Marie D'Souza and many others were also present along with the NGTTOA members. Parrikar also assured them that he would look into their other demands like the issue of the affidavit which taxi operators have to file stating that they would operate the taxis only from their homes.The 25% subsidy, a major demand of the tourist taxi owners, is to be only provided to those taxi owners who have been operating for a minimum of nine years, NGTTOA vice president Ravindra Vengurlekar told TOI. Besides which if the owner has more than one vehicle, the subsidy will be provided for only one car. \"The idea is to help those who find it difficult to replace their old cars because of financial difficulties,\" he said.The other major demand was for a benevolent fund to aid taxi owners in difficulty, which Parrikar said he would look into. He suggested that the NGTTOA contribute 50 lakh, while the state would pitch in with 1 crore for the corpus.The chief minister also said tourist inflow into Goa should cross the 30 lakh mark by the end of this season, and asked tourist taxi operators to maintain discipline and offer a secure and clean environment for them.A number of resolutions were adopted at the meeting earlier. One of these pertained to rates are charged by tourist taxis. It was decided that the NGTTOA would request village panchayats in the coastal belt to put up boards publicizing the fare for fixed distances, as is being done at the airport. \"People think we're all cheats, so we want everybody to know what the rates are,\" Vasudev Arlekar, president, said.He also said the transport department has agreed to their demand to hold vehicle inspections at Calangute once a week, instead of doing it only at Mapusa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027738", "title": "Small investors seek better deal", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh government should give an equal importance to small investors vis-a-vis the big players, said small investors on the concluding day of GIS on Tuesday. Overall, they expressed satisfaction at state government's IT and other new policies.The state has already entered lease deed with IT majors TCS and Infosys . State IT secretary Hari Ranjan Rao explained investors the state's new IT policy. Nasscom vice president Rajiv Vaishnav said, \"The new IT policy is a token of appreciation of bridging the skill gap in the state. People in the industry feel that youths from MP have better values which is unique.\"Infobeans CEO Siddharth Seth said, \"Policies framed by the state are wonderful. Still, the state government must try and promote small entrepreneurs. It will help create big system of software companies in MP.\" Infobeans has inked Rs 65 crore MoU with the state government.Voozad Media COO Raghuveer Singh said, \"We are focusing on Tier II cities. We find MP's IT policy to be at par with the one framed by Karnataka government.\" The Bangalore-based IT firm has reached an MoU of Rs 8 crore with MP.There are 988 higher education colleges with an annual intake capacity of 2,02,331 students in MP. The state has presence of institutes like IIM &amp; IIT in Indore, MANIT (Bhopal), IITDM (Jabalpur) and IIITM (Gwalior). However, investors feel that grooming manpower for future requirements will be a challenge.CII western region chairman Pradeep Bhargava, told TOI apart from availability of skilled manpower, implementation of its policies will be a challenge for the state government. \"On part of the companies, the challenge will be growing their business while operating in the state.\" CII partnered the state for the GIS edition.Investors are eager for the state's new policy for textile sector. Though MP had announced its textile policy 2-3 months ago, neighbouring Gujarat and Maharashtra have gone a step further in offering attractive policies. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has indicated that MP is reworking on a policy.Amit Pasari, director, Papcon (Indore) which has reached an MoU of Rs 5 crore with the state government, said, \"We are worried over availability of skilled manpower and effluent treatment plant. However, the state has promised to provide us both.\"Manjeet Singh Bhatia, director, Narmada Biofuels which signed an MoU of Rs 23 crore with the state government, said, \"The state government has promised us providing land under PPP model for setting up silos. We expect the silo capacity of at least 50,000 tonne.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027041", "title": "Spurt in tiger sighting draws tourists to Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: Tiger sightings at Pirkhali have suddenly led to a rush of tourists to Sunderbans. The mangrove forest, which witnesses a surge in the number of visitors during the Pujas in October, is grappling with the additional load which it wasn't ready to handle. The forest department expects the number of tourists to be around 40,000 more than last year and is considering ways to tackle the crowding and the pollution that it has been leading to.Two successive tiger sightings at Pirkhali on Saptami and Ashthami led to a cheer among tourists, most of whom return disappointed from Sunderbans where spotting a big cat is a rare occurrence. On Monday, yet another tiger was sighted near Dobanki. \"The word seems to have spread quickly for we have been getting loads of tourists ever since. Everybody is keen to visit Pirkhali, though there hasn't been any sighting there since October 22. On Lakhsmi puja, some tourists encountered another tiger. We have been trying to tell tourists that tiger sighting is a matter of chance and that they must enjoy the trip around the mangrove forest, rather than just expect to see a tiger,\" said Subrat Mukherji, field director of Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR).Sightings go up during the October-December, the post-monsoon period. Even though they are far less than other forests, this is the time to visit Sunderbans in case you are keen on sighting a big cat, according to experts.\"The post-monsoon period is usually the best for tiger sighting. Even though not very frequent, it should continue till November-end,\" said Pranabesh Sanyal, former director of STR.But what has left the STR authorities worried is the sudden crowding and the pollution. Scores of boats and launches have been sailing into the rivers that criss-cross the islands.While the mangrove forest receives around 80,000 tourists from October to January, this time the figure could touch 1,30,000, said officials.The number of tourists visiting the Sunderbans is around 1,50,000 a year. With tourist movement being restricted to the Sajnekhali-Pakhirala-Satjelia area, the pollution load could affect the forests, officials fear. \"Tourists spend most of their time either sailing or roaming the fringes of the forests. They tend to litter these areas with plastic plates and bags. We have deployed additional forest guides this year to advise tourists on the dos and don'ts. Also, we are working on developing the areas which are not frequently visited. Places like Boney Camp and Kalash have accommodation and transportation facilities. Even though they are outside the STR area, they have a fair concentration of tigers and sightings are not rare,\" explained Mukherji.Tour operators said the tourism zone needs to be expanded at once to check pollution and crowding. \"The tourist season witnesses a sudden concentration of visitors in a small area where tourists are allowed. It exceeds the carrying capacity of the forest. Emission from the boats, plastics and noise pollution are major problems. This year, it has been even worse due to the rise in the number of tourists. It's time to divert tourists to Boney Camp and Kalas which are pristine and have good facilities,\" said Asit Biswas, a tour operator.Plastics and noise pollution were a major threat to Sunderbans, according to Joydip Kundu, member, state wildlife board.\"The forest department should immediately frame rules for controlled tourism. Pollution needs to be checked, especially during the peak season,\" said state wildlife advisory board member Joydip Kundu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026840", "title": "Disruptions in US flight ops continue", "text": "MUMBAI: Hurricane Sandy continued to disrupt flight operations on Tuesday with all US-bound flights being. No flights landed from the US either as New York and Newark airports continued to remain closed as the hurricane hit the East Coast with fury. Airlines are waiting for the hurricane to subside and the government's nod to open the airports even as several travellers to the US are still stranded.On Tuesday, Air India cancelled both its Delhi-New York-Delhi and Mumbai-Newark-Mumbai flights. United Airways, which flies directly to New York from Mumbai, also cancelled its flights till October 31. Jet Airways flights from Brussels to Newark and Newark to Brussels were also cancelled. Jet Airways flies to the US via Brussles. Swiss Air also scrapped all its flights to the East Coast from Zurich and Geneva. Lufthansa too followed the suit.Tour operators said that several Indian travellers, mostly those who had gone to the East Coast for business, are stranded and are waiting for the weather to improve. Rajesh Rateria, MD, Cirrus Travels said that those who were planning to travel to the US this week have postponed their plans.Operators said the hurricane will severely affect business travel. \"Since this is not the peak holiday season. Those who have travelled or are planning to travel are business travellers.Otherwise, several more would have been stranded,\" said an Fort-based travel agent.\"Now, people are rescheduling their meetings. We are hoping that the hurricane would abate in the next two days,\" he added. All airlines have waived off cancellation charges on tickets and passengers are being allowed to re-book without additional expenses. \"All airlines are helping passengers. Most of them have put up flight information on their websites and constant updates are being provided,\" an operator said.Times news networkHurricane Sandy continued to disrupt flight operations and US bound flights were cancelled on Tuedsay. No flights landed from the US either as the closure of New York and Newark airports continued as the hurricane hit the East Coast with fury. Airlines were waiting for the hurricane to subside and the government's nod to open the airports. Many travellers to the USA are still stranded.On Tuesday, Air India (AI) cancelled both its Delhi-New York-Delhi and Mumbai-Newark-Mumbai flights. United airways, which flies directly to New York from Mumbai also cancelled its flights till October 31. Jet airways flights from Brussles to Newark and Newark to Brussles were also cancelled. Jet aiways flies to the USA via Brussles. Swiss Air also scrapped all its flight to the East Coast from Zurich and Geneva. Lufthansa too followed suit.Tour operators said that many Indian travellers, mostly those who had gone for business, are stranded and are waiting for the weather to improve. Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus travels said that the those who were planning to travel to USA this week, have postponed their plans. Operators said that the hurricane would affect business travel the most.\"Fortunately, this is not the peak holiday season. Those who have travelled or are planning to travel are business travellers. Otherwise, many more people would have been stranded,\" said a Fort-based travel agent. \"Now, people are rescheduling their meetings. We are hoping that the hurricane would abate in the next two days,\" he added.All airlines have waived off the cancellation charges on the tickets and passengers are allowed to re-book without additional expenses. \"All airlines are helping passengers. Most of them have put up the flight information on the website and constant updates are being provided,\" an operator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027094", "title": "Jailed Maoist leader suffers heart attack", "text": "KOLKATA: Veteran Maoist spokesperson Gour Chakraborty was admitted to Bangur Institute of Neurology on Tuesday after he suffered a cardiac arrest in Presidency jail. with a major cardiac problem.Chakraborty, who has been in jail since July 2009, was the first over-ground spokesperson of the CPI (Maoist) in Bengal. The elderly leader hails from Nadia district and is associated with Maoist politics since his youth.He was active in the Lalgarh movement and played a crucial role in uniting urban support bases in favour of the tribal upsurge in Jangalmahal.Police arrested him from a television channel's office in June 2009, soon after the CPI (Maoist) party was banned. he was arrested from a television channel's office at Park Street by Kolkata Police. He is the first Maoist charged with Unlawful Activities Prevention Act. He was lodged at Presidency jail.His family said Chakraborty was unwell for the past few months. has been suffering from different ailments for several months now.They alleged that the jail authority did not take proper steps for his treatment. On Tuesday morning, he fell sick in his jail ward and was rushed Other inmates informed the jail authority. He was taken to the jail hospital where doctors detected a massive cardiac arrest. He was shifted to Bangur Institute of Neurology later in the day.His wife and son further alleged Family members, including his wife and son, alleged that the government was ignoring his condition and demanded better treatment for him. Members of the rights organization APDR also visited him in hospital.\"We have had a bitter experience with the jail authority and government. Earlier, Swapan Dasgupta, editor of Peoples' March, was also arrested as a Maoist. The government ignored his health problems and he was finally admitted to hospital in a critical condition. He did not survive,\" said Sudipta Sen, APDR assistant secretary. The hospital authority, however, said Chakraborty's condition was stable after treatment. has been provided proper treatment and he is now stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17028920", "title": "Hoax calls plague 108 ambulance services", "text": "SHILLONG: The GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute's (Emri) 108 service meant to save the lives of people in distress at odd hours in the state has been facing a new challenge. The call centre has been receiving a number of 'nuisance' and 'hoax' calls on toll-free number 108 of late, creating difficulty in discharging of its duties. On several occasions, emergency ambulances have been sent to locations where there was no actual emergency.\"Often, people call 108 to play a 'prank' and give no details of any emergency situation. These are called nusiance calls and we get them mostly from Lad Rymbai, Sutnga, Khliehriat, Mahendraganj and also from Tripura. This is because Meghalaya shares a common telecom circle with the rest of the northeast except Assam ,\" said a worker at the emergency service.The centre has also received nuisance calls from Pynthorbah, Mawlai, Jhalupara, Mawprem, Laban, Nongmynsong, Happy Valley areas in Shillong , and also from some areas of West Khasi Hills, West Garo Hills, East Garo Hills and Ri-Bhoi.On the other hand, 'hoax' calls are those when callers call 108 and inform of an emergency, giving full details of the address. But when the ambulance is sent to the place, they find no emergency situation. Information available with the emergency service revealed that such hoax calls come mostly from Lad Rymbai, but they also emanate from Rymbai and Sutnga in Jaintia Hills District. Interestingly, a local Dorbar Shnong (village council) intervened in one of the hoax call cases and put an end to such mischief at Mawsynram village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17031850", "title": "Manpreet to lead India junior team in Sultan of Johar Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: Manpreet Singh will lead the 18-member Indian junior men's hockey team in the second Sultan of Johar Cup to be played in Malaysia from November 11 to 18.Kothajit Singh has been named the vice-captain of the side.India will play their opening game against Australia on November 11, followed by matches against Germany, Pakistan, New Zealand and hosts Malaysia.Trials to select the Indian team were conducted at SAI Centre, Netaji Subash Institute of Sports in Patiala from November 25 to 27 in the presence of Hockey India selectors Col Balbir Singh, B P Govinda and Thoiba Singh as well as government observer Harbinder Singh and coach Baljeet Singh Saini.Squad:Goalkeepers: Keshav Dutt and Sushant Tirkey.Defenders: Amit Rohidas, Sukhmanjit Singh and Gagandeep Singh.Midfielders: Manpreet Singh (Capt.), Jarmanpreet Singh, Kothajit Singh (vice-Capt.), Surender Kumar and Harjit Singh.Forwards: P L Thimmanna, Satbir Singh, Akashdeep Singh, Prabhdeep Singh, Talwinder Singh, Amon Mirash Tirkey, Gurmail Singh and Mandeep Singh.Standbyes: Naveen Kumar (goalkeeper), Sampath Kumar Malyaram (defender), Rockey Lohchab (midfielder), Jatinder Singh (midfielder), Malak Singh (forward), Naveen Antil (forward) and Imran Khan (forward).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027010", "title": "Ghost companies with Nitin Gadkari link?", "text": "KOLKATA: After dubious identities of directors, it's the turn of some ghost companies to haunt Nitin Gadkari's Purti Group. A TOI investigation has revealed that some investment companies of Anantika Infrastructures and Fast Buildwell, Purti Group firms, do not even exist. Interestingly, registered offices of some of these firms are housed in buildings where commercial use is not even allowed.Experts feel that the fictitious investment firms of the group could be a case for I-T probe.Anantika Infrastructure is one of the holding companies of Update Mercantile (P) Ltd and Seven-Eleven Sales &amp; Marketing (P) Ltd. It holds 9.24% in Update and 8% in the latter. Update and Seven-Eleven, taken together, hold more than 10% in Purti Power &amp; Sugar. Update is the company where Nitin Gadkari's driver Manohar Panse and accountant K Zade are major stakeholders. Fast Buildwell is a major shareholder of Anantika Infrastructure.A search for such a company, Aryaman Commercial Pvt Ltd, a major shareholder of Fast Buildwell, led the TOI team to a residential complex in Dum Dum where no such office of the company could be found. is present in that building.The locked flat in the building belongs to a couple Rajesh and Poonam Agarwal.The flat A502 was closed when the TOI team reached there on Tuesday morning. However, a neighbour, Shiv Kumar, from the third floor said that Rajesh and Poonam had left the city long back but the name plate is still there. Kumar said he has been staying in the building for the last 4 years and never witnessed any move which he could relate to functioning of a company. The building's caretaker, who did not wish to be identified, said it was not possible to open an office here as this was a residential complex.Search for some other companies - Fair Vyapaar Pvt Ltd, Active Dealers, Akhilesh Suppliers, Sathi Barter, Volcano Viniyog and Sagar Vanijya - on the seventh floor of 16, Ganesh Chandra Avenue, went in vain as residents in the building confirmed their ignorance about the presence of any such company in the building. On the seventh floor, there is only one company, Moonal Consultants, a travel agent. Further probe enquiry to the company employeesrevealed that Moonal Consultants belongs to Rajesh Agarwal and Poonam Agarwal. But it could not be ascertained whether they are the ones, who have a flat in the Dum Dum apartment. they were that this couple is same as the one in Dum Dum.A search by the TOI team at a Bentinck Street building for Skyland Vincom, irked one S K Sahu who runs an office there in the name of S K Sahu and Associates. The floor houses another office, Jitendra Kumar Patnaik and Associates. Sahu claimed that he had been running his office in the building since 2005. However, the Registrar of Companies records revealed that Skyland was located in the building till July 2, 2012. It was later shifted to Posta.But an address in Bentinck Street revealed an even more interesting story. A search in a building for Skyland Vincom as usual went in vain. In the fourth floor of that building is office of Jitendra Kumar Patnaik &amp; Associates and SK Sahu &amp; Associates in place of Skyland Vincom. Sahu vehemently protested and told TOI that there was never any office of any Skyland Vincom in that premise and claimed his office is there since 2005. Late from Registrar of Companies it was found out that Skyland was located over there only and was shifted to a location in Posta in July 2, 2012.Another firm, Splendid Vintrade and Associated Fastners, could not be found at 13C Bechu Chatterjee Street, as it was a residential building. did not yield any result as apparently the complex was a residential one.Similarly, search for another company, Jagadhatri Distributors with office address at a posh locality of Alipore, didn't yield any result as the residents were not aware of the presence of any such companies in the building. revealed that the address belongs to a plush apartment in 10 Raja Santosh Road of Alipore, but no such company is found in that address.But the network of these companies ranged from bylanes of north and central Kolkata to the posh localities of south Kolkata. and several names are registered in residential apartments where commercial use is not allowed.Names of various ghost companies with addresses in various locations in the city are coming out as TOI is digging more into the case regarding Nitin Gadkari's Purti Group. After TOI revealed dubious identities of directors of Purti Group firm, it seems some investment companies of Anantika Infrastructures and Fast Buildwell do not exist and many names are registered in residential apartments where commercial use is not allowed. Both Anantika and Fast Buildwell are investment companies of Purti Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026846", "title": "Food vendors to get lessons in cleanliness", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) along with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will be imparting training sessions to street food vendors so that eatables are more hygienic.In a bid to ensure that good food is served on street side stalls.The civic body will embark on a pilot project for which 50 'khau galis' (food lanes) have been shortlisted and vendors selling food here will be trained.According to the civic officials, about 25% to 30% of Mumbaikars eat at least one meal at food stalls. However, they are not sure whether the food served on roadside stalls is hygienic and healthy. This project has been taken under the Food standards and safety act, 2007. Keeping this in mind, the FDA has decided to implement safe street food project in selected metros in the city.\"During the session, the vendors will be given training in cooking, storing and handling of food,\" additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said.\"We have selected a team of sanitary inspectors, doctors, deputy health officers for this project. The BMC is planning to hold a safe street food festival after the training is over.\"These trains will be conducted for all the vendors irrespective of whether they are licensed or illegal.The food lanes are located near big institutions like the stock exchange, railway stations, educational institutes and tourist spots, which people throng in large numbers. The training will begin this week. Civic officials hope that ailments like jaundice, gastroenteritis and typhoid reduce in the city after implementation of the project. \"Several diseases spread due to consumption of unhygienic and unhealthy food. If vendors are trained about food safety habits, then people can expect to get good food from them,\" said civic executive health officer Dr Arun Bamne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027415", "title": "Distillery unit, Tasmac fined Rs 10k", "text": "COIMBATORE: A private distillery unit and a Tasmac outlet were fined Rs 10,000 by the Coimbatore District Consumer Redress Forum on Monday for selling a liquor bottle contaminated with dead ants. The forum has ordered that the fine amount be given to the customer within two months.A Thangaraj of Thoothukudi district had bought two bottles of Honey Bee Brandy (each 180 ml) from a Tasmac outlet at Masakalipalayam in Peelamedu, paying Rs 150 for it in July 2007. He also received a receipt from the outlet. When he observed the liquor bottles closely, he found dead ants in them. He immediately went back to the Tasmac shop and told the staff to either replace the bottles or refund his money. But they told him to consume the alcohol after removing the ants.Consequently, Thangaraj filed a case with the Coimbatore district consumer redress forum demanding a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for selling contaminated liquor. The private distillery unit 'United Spirits' was included as the first respondent. Tasmac was added as second respondent. But the private distillery said that the receipt did not have any batch number inscribed on the liquor bottle. So, the unit raised many doubts about the receipt.Meanwhile, the Tasmac administration in Coimbatore district replied to the court notice saying appropriate action would be taken to resolve the issue but they failed to do so. R Dhandapani, president of the district consumer redress forum ordered the private distillery unit and the Tasmac to jointly pay a sum of Rs 10,000 as compensation to the customer for mental agony and deficiency of service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026553", "title": "Spelling disaster for UK children", "text": "Children in the UK are struggling to write simple and everyday words because of an increasing reliance on spellcheckers, according to a new research. Students, aged seven to 13, failed to spot the difference between words like 'their' and 'there' or 'cloths' and 'clothes', said Vineeta Gupta, head of children's dictionaries at The Oxford University Press. They even fail to spell simple words such as 'surprise', and 'excitement' correctly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026505", "title": "SC forms panel to take stock of Yamuna clean-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: After 18 years of monitoring efforts to reduce pollution in the Yamuna for which UP, Haryana and Delhi have spent nearly Rs 5,000 crore, the Supreme Court on Tuesday asked - thousands of crores of rupees have been spent to achieve what? UP has spent Rs 2,052 crore, Delhi government and its civic bodies Rs 2,387 crore and Haryana Rs 549 crore to clean the Yamuna, taking the total to Rs 4,988 crore in the last nearly two decades.A bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Madan B Lokur said the authorities had taken the court's orders too casually for too long and warned that it would not hesitate to crack the whip.Unimpressed by the affidavits of the states reeling out data on efforts to clean the river , the bench asked, \"What fruitful purpose has been achieved by spending of thousands of crores of rupees when Yamuna river continues to be dirty?\"The bench constituted a two-member expert committee comprising the member-secretary of Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and the chief engineer of Delhi Jal Board (DJB) to examine and report to the court what had been achieved on the ground regarding reducing pollution in the river. \"The river continues to be dirty as ever,\" the bench said. The court asked the expert panel to submit its interim report by November 9 and asked it to examine how many drains in Delhi discharge untreated waste water into the river. The bench said the panel would also examine the feasibility of blocking these drains to save Yamuna and compel the authorities to take corrective measures.In its last order, the bench had said, \"It has been brought to the notice of this court that despite heavy expenditure, in thousands of crores, having been incurred by the central government, governments of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh and the local authorities in NCR, the pollution of Yamuna has increased by the day.\"CPCB had told the court that samples collected from the Yamuna showed that the water quality was way beyond prescribed standards. \"Where the maximum permissible limit of coliform is 5,000 mpn/100 ml, it is 17,00,00,00,000 at Nizamuddin bridge. The situation at areas including Kalindi Kunj, Okhla and Palwal is no different,\" the bench had said.\"It is unfortunate that huge public funds have been spent without showing any results in the improvement of water quality of river Yamuna... This petition has been pending before this court since 1994 primarily with one object in mind that the dirty Yamuna should be converted into wholesome and clean Yamuna... Statistics show that this object is much far form being achieved,\" the court had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026753", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBackward\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 students mark 2nd Mahishasur Diwas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The All India Backward Students' Forum (AIBSF) of Jawaharlal Nehru University observed the second 'Mahishasur Diwas' on Monday. Apart from students from the NCR, the evening do at Kaveri hostel's mess drew students from other states.Lal Ratnakar's oil painting of King Mahishasur was garlanded, and a discussion followed where historian and author of 'De-Brahmanising History' Braj Ranjan Mani, JNU's Professor and sociologist Vivek Kumar, Yudrat Aam Aadmi Magazine's editor Ramnika Gupta, and author of tribal literature Prof Sona Jharia Minz participated.\"There should be a re-reading of the myth,\" said Ramashankar from Patna, a member of asura community. The student group is studying the same story, but from a different angle. The celebrated story of Durga's triumph over Mahishasur \u00e2\u20ac\u201d seen from the perspective of asura (represented as demons in the epic) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d becomes a story of ruthless suppression of one group by another and the slaining of Mahishasur starts looking like martyrdom. It is the \"Martyrdom Day\" that the students observe each year along with the asura community \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an existing group belonging to the OBC category \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of Bihar and Jharkhand.According to students belonging to the forum, Mahishasur is considered the ancestor of the tribal, dalit and backward communities in the country. About 30 large posters were placed in the campus, organizers said, alerting students that asuras are an existing tribe in Jharkhand. \"The posters also carry an interview with former Jharkhand chief minister Shibu Soren, who says that he is proud to be an asura,\" said Yadav.According to the organizers, the posters in front of the library and at KC Market Complex were ripped, allegedly by the right-wingers. \"Asuras had mourned King Mahishasur's death on a full moon night and so we have decided to observe his martyrdom day on Sharad Purnima across the country,\" said Yadav while explaining the choice of day for the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026254", "title": "New panel to hike fleet taxi fares by Jan, interim increase of 3/km in Nov likely", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has appointed a new committee under the chairmanship of the joint transport commissioner to devise a new formula for fare hikes of fleet cabs like Meru, TabCabs, Easy Cabs and Mega Cabs. It will be ready by January 2013 and there is a possibility of commuters paying for a minimum distance of 5 km (instead of the present 1 km) from next year.In that case, your minimum fleet taxi fare will be exorbitant and is expected to go up to Rs 100, sources said.\"Till the time the new fare hikes for fleet taxis are decided, we are giving them an interim hike from November,\" a transport official said. Sources said the minimum fare is likely to be either Rs 28 (Rs 4 hike) or Rs 29 (Rs 5 hike) and fare for every subsequent km would be Rs 20 (Rs 3 hike) from November 5 as an interim hike granted by the State Transport Authority. The new fare chart is yet to released officially. TOI had reported that fleet taxi fares would go up by at least Rs 4 to Rs 5 (20%) as an interim hike. - Somit Sen\"But the final fares will be declared only early next year after the new formula is devised based on various factors such as cost of living index, capital costs of vehicles, maintenance costs, call centre operational costs, insurance/taxes, etc,\" a STA official said. He stated that the committee, the members for which will be appointed within a week, will also take suggestions from various stakeholders, including the management officials of the fleetcab companies.A fleetcab operator told TOI, requesting anonymity :\"We are having a meeting of various private cab companies on the issue. We are glad the government is giving us an interim fare hike, which was long overdue. But we strongly demand that the minimum fare distance should be raised from present 1 km to 5 kms.\"The present fare is Rs 24 for the first km and Rs 17 for every subsequent km. There are around 5,000 private taxis in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai.The fleet taxis will also have to rush for recalibrating the existing e-meters as per the interim fare hike, which will be officially declared anytime this week. The drivers may be allowed to use a temporary tariff card till the recalibration process is over. Consumer activists said there could be some confusion on fares among passengers in the absence of recalibrated meters after November 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17028530", "title": "Renovation work at ROBs cause heavy traffic block", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A meeting convened by the district collector has decided to re-arrange traffic through Pavangadu-Atholi route, following complaints that the diversion earlier planned had resulted in heavy traffic block in the route.The traffic through Kozhikode-Kannur route was diverted after PWD's national highway division started renovation works of road over bridges (ROBs) at Vengali and Vengalam on Monday. But the diversion caused traffic problems in Pavangadu-Atholi route as the heavy vehicles including tanker lorries entered the narrow roads.Following this, a special meeting held at district collector's chamber on Tuesday evening decided to rearrange the traffic diversion. As per the decision taken at the meeting, the heavy vehicles including tanker lorries and trucks from Kannur to Kozhikode should take diversion from Narayana Nagar at Vatakara and go via Chaniyam Kadavu, Muyippothu, Perambra, Ullyeri, Balussery Mukku, Kakkur, Kakkodi and Vengeri Bypass. The buses from Kannur to Kozhikode have to take diversion from Thiruvangoor junction, Kuniyilkadavu bridge, Atholi, Pooladikkunnu and Pavangadu junction. The small vehicles should take diversion through Kappadu town and Vengalam to reach the city.But it is pointed out that the diversion of the traffic of the heavy vehicles through Balussery route, which is already facing the traffic problems due to the poor condition of roads, will affect the smooth flow of the traffic in this route too. As per the new plan, the heavy vehicles from Kozhikode to Kannur will have to pass through Wayanad road, Thamarasssery, Poonur, Balussery, Ullyeri, Kuttyadi, Nadapuram and Peringathur. It is feared that the diversion would cause traffic congestion in Wayanad road, from Kozhikode to Thamarassery. Kunnamangalam and Koduvally towns are already facing traffic blocks as result of the diversions.It was following a protest from general public and various organizations, the authorities decided to renovate ROBs, which were in unmotorable conditions. To avoid traffic blocks in the region the authorities have decided to conduct the renovation works on the third ROB at Chengotukavu after completion of the works at ROBs at Vengali and Vengalam.Meanwhile district collector K V Mohankumar said, the works of the two bridges would be completed within 12 days and the work at Chengottukavu bridge would take only three days. All the works would be completed by November 14, he said.District police chief G Saprjankumar, rural SP T K Rajmohan, RDO K K Rajan and district panchayat president Kanathil Jameela attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026805", "title": "Honour for luxury train", "text": "Deccan Odyssey has won Asia's best luxury train award at the 19th World Travel awards for the third consecutive time.The train has 21 coaches of which 11 are passenger cars with four coupes each.Additionally there are two presidential suite cars with two coupes per car. There are two restaurant cars and one lounge/bar and a spa car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17028416", "title": "124th birth anniversary of Acharya Narendra Dev today", "text": "The 124th birth anniversary of Acharya Narendra Dev, a socialist leader and educationist, will be celebrated by Acharya Narendra Dev Academy at Acharya Narendra Dev Memorial on Wednesday from 9.00 a.m. Prof Anand Kumar of Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), Delhi will deliver a talk on 'Socialism in present times' on this occasion.'Strengthen foodgrain distribution': Food commissioner Archana Agarwal in a circular sent to all district magistrates in the state have asked them to strengthen arrangement of distribution of foodgrains, sugar and kerosene as per fixed roster in urban and local areas under the public distribution system. She has directed the district magistrates to constitute teams of officers for getting physical verification of godowns and send their reports to the government by December 8.Conference: The 40{+t}{+h} conference of Uttar Pradesh Judicial Service Association will be organised at Indira Gandhi Pratishthan, Gomtinagar on November 3 and November 4. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will inaugurate the conference on November 3 while governor BL Joshi will grace its valedictory session. Judges of Allahabad high court will also be present in the conference.Condolence: Speaker of UP assembly Mata Prasad Pandey and chairman of the UP Vidhan Parishad Ganesh Shankar Pandey have condoled the death of sports minister Kameshwar Upadhyaya. They have expressed their sympathies for the bereaved family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17028190", "title": "In the face of calamity, Non-Resident Gujaratis in US unite", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Black out, power cuts, 3 to 4 feet of water entering homes, people taking shelter at community temples, hotels and halls - Gujaratis in the US are facing the worst super storm Sandy and the only heartening fact is they are united to face this natural calamity.President of Asian American Hotel Owners Association Alkesh Patel says, \"We are still assessing the total business loss to many Gujarati restaurant owners in affected areas that include Connecticut, Delaware , New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Virginia. \"We have united for the calamity and have asked the members to provide shelter to maximum number of people who have had to leave their homes due to official warning or due to heavy storm water logging in their areas.\"With hotels, community temples have also come forward to help the affected lot. Bobby Patel, activist of Shakti Mandir , Ambaji, said, \"Due to harsh winds and heavy rains, water has entered houses and many people are forced to leaves. We have given shelter to more than 200 people at a South Indian temple in Atlantis city.\" Western New Jersey-based Divyesh Mehta, a Gujarati businessman , had to evacuate his home on River Road after it was filled with water up to 5 feet.Associations are mulling to assess the total damage jointly. Vice-president , Gujarati Cultural Association, San Francisco , Mahesh Patel, says, \"As maximum number of Gujaratis have their homes and businesses in these affected states including New York, New Jersey , Pennsylvania, they will have to bear the devastating impact of this calamity. To assess the total damage, we are keeping eye on storm updates. All Gujarati associations in the US are to meet soon to assess the damage of this natural calamity . And we plan to help the affected in various ways.\"Ronak Mehta of Bhartiya Temple, Philadelphia, says, \"We are getting ready to brace the storm as it is expected to reach here. We have stocked food items and water for next few days. The hard winds have started blowing. And we are prepared to offer shelter to people in community temple, if needed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028781", "title": "'If one is conceptually strong, no exam's difficult'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Amlan Kar is a music buff. He loves photography, plays cricket occasionally and is an amateur guitarist. A bright boy, this Class XII student has already achieved several academic milestones.He is a fellow under the Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana (KVPY) of the Union government and is getting a monthly scholarship of Rs 4,000. He was selected in the National Talent Search (NTS) examination while in Class VIII and was declared successful in the Odisha State Mathematics Olympiad while in Class VI.\"Among all these I attach special value to my brush with the Times Scholars programme because of the strenuous selection process,\" said the DAV Chandrasekharpur lad. He is one of the six students in Odisha who have been short-listed for the final round of Times Scholars programme.Amlan aspires to be a scientist. \"I want to pursue some meaningful research, particularly in physics,\" he said. After his Class XII, Amlan aspires to join an Indian Institute of Technology (IIT). \"Besides attending the school and a coaching centre, I am putting in 3 to 4 hours of study. I think if one is conceptually strong, no examination is difficult,\" he said.By joining IIT, Amlan will only follow in the footsteps of his elder brother Abhisek, an IIT Kanpur alumnus who is now pursuing his postdoctoral study in California.\"Being successful in life for me will be to become a good human being. I want to acquire some in-depth knowledge and understanding of areas where I would do research and able to serve humanity in whatever way I can,\" he said.A keen follower of Indian scientific development, the teenager feels high-energy physics and atmospheric physics are the areas where India needs to undertake more research and develop it further. \"Space research is an area where we are at par with the best in the world. Our indigenous missile programme has earned kudos,\" he said.Amlan is also a keen observer of Indian polity and society. \"Our democracy is very weak and politics is largely for making money. Unfortunately, subject experts who could make a real difference don't occupy position of decision-makers,\" he said.Amlan feels lucky that his parents are very flexible in their approach to his career choice, study and recreation choice. \"I don't have any pressure from my parents or undue expectations though they are always available there to guide me. This gives one a very good ambience to pursue one's own dream,\" he said.The student feels school syllabuses are too narrow for one to excel at various national-level competitions. \"The content is inadequate for one to do well in the competitive examinations. One has to attend a good coaching centre as a complimentary effort,\" he said. The other problem is that schools promote rote learning.Amlan's father Gopabandhu Kar, a managing member of the Siksha 'O' Anusandhan University and homemaker mother Sarita Kar feel intelligence cannot be forced on a child.\"We don't give any stress to perform at any level. We feel a parents' duty is more to facilitate an environment to nurture whatever talent a child has,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17029884", "title": "Cyclone 'Nilam' expected to make landfall on Wednesday evening", "text": "CHENNAI: Cyclone 'Nilam' is expected to make a landfall on Wednesday evening between Cuddalore in Tamil Nadu and Nellore in Andhra Pradesh, bringing in heavy rains in the region, with tide levels reaching 1.5 meters.\"The cyclonic storm, which lay about 320 km south-south east of Chennai at 0530 hrs on Wednesday, will cross north Tamil Nadu and adjoining south Andhra Pradesh between Cuddalore and Nellore near Chennai by October 31 evening\", a weather bulletin by the Met department said.Storm surge of about one to 1.5 metres over the astronomical tide would occur, inundating low lying areas of Chennai, Kancheepuram, Tiruvallur and Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh, it said.Under the influence of the system, very heavy rainfall and extremely heavy rainfall (of 25 cm or more) is expected in the next 24 hours, it said.\"Rainfall at most places with isolated heavy to very heavy fall would occur over south coastal Andhra Pradesh, Rayalaseema and north Interior Tamil Nadu during the next 48 hours\", it said.Squally winds with speeds of 55-65 kmph gusting to 75 kmph would prevail along north Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and coastal Andhra Pradesh. The wind speed would gradually increase thereafter to touch 80-90 kmph as the system moves closer to the coast at the time of landfall, it said.The condition of the sea would be \"high\" along and off north Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and adjoining south Andhra Pradesh coast during the next 36 hours, it said.Fishermen have been advised not to venture into the sea in the next 48 hours.Schools and colleges across several districts, including Chennai and Cuddalore, remained closed for the second day today on account of incessant rains.The North-East monsoon which set in over Tamil Nadu on October 19, has been very active and has already brought in copious rainfall in several parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17028335", "title": "East Bengal footballer held for rape", "text": "KOLKATA: A footballer of the East Bengal Club and his cook were arrested late on Tuesday night for allegedly raping a 14-year-old help at the footballer's apartment in a north Kolkata highrise.Jaspreet Singh, a midfielder with East Bengal, one of this club mates and another player from Prayag United live in a rented apartment at the upscale Diamond City North. Their cook, Ravi Singh, allegedly took the girl to the second-floor flat on Monday afternoon to help in cleaning up.The victim's father lodged a complaint with Dum Dum police alleging the three footballers and the cook raped her. When the girl returned home on Monday evening, she complained of feeling unwell. On Tuesday, she told them of her plight. The victim's neighbours and relatives rushed to the apartment and beat up the four accused. A team from Dum Dum police station arrested Jagjit and Ravi. \"The two arrested are being interrogated . We are trying to find out about the whereabouts of the other two players.The girl will be called in tomorrow and we may reconstruct the story,\" said DCP Barrackpore Commissionrate Kalyan Mukherjee.East Bengal club sources said they would try to bail out Jaspreet, who was present at Salt Lake Stadium during the I-league match against Pune FC on Monday afternoon.\"The footballers are required to report to the stadium at least two hours prior to the scheduled time (in this case, 2.30 pm). Hence, he couldn't have been present at his residence at the same time,\" a club official said. Prayag officials claimed they were aware of the footballer's whereabouts and he will surrender soon.Foul play?Father of 14-yr-old help accuses East Bengal player Jaspreet Singh, two other footballers and their cook of raping the girl Rape allegedly took place in footballers' flat at Diamond City North on Monday afternoon Sources at East Bengal club contest claim, say Jaspreet was present at Salt Lake Stadium during I-league match against Pune FC on Monday afternoon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030439", "title": "Tollywood celebrates Lakshmi Puja with fervour", "text": "Trust our Tolly celebs to seamlessly shift from one festive mood to another. The Durga Puja celebrations done and over with, it was time for them to switch gears for Lakshmi Puja on Monday.Enjoying the nip in the air, the likes of actors Rituparna Sengupta , Gourab Chatterjee, Anindita, Pallavi Chatterjee and Gargi Roychoudhury were dressed to the nines as they ushered in the goddess of wealth and prosperity. Joining the party was director Agnidev Chatterjee who, along with wife Sudipa, hosted the cast of his film, Charulata 2011, at his residence.While actors Debleena Dutt and Anindya Banerjee, music director Indraadip Das Gupta and ex-cricketer Ranadeb Bose dropped by at Agnidev's place, it was June who paid the young Gourab a visit.This is Gourab's last Lakshmi Puja before he ties the knot with Anindita, who looked quite like a diva herself in a brocade-bordered white sari. With her hair pulled back in a bun, there was no mistaking the glow on the face of the bride-to-be.Director duo Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha and politician Madan Mitra also came by at Gourab's Lakshmi Puja. DJ Akash, designer Abhishek Dutta , elocutionist Sujoy Prosad Chatterjee also took part in the festivities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028747", "title": "Thief jumps out of police van, escapes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A theft accused jumped out of a police van when he was being taken to Jharpada Special jail in Bhubaneswar. The accused Bibhu Prasad Guru (28), a resident of Nayagarh, was arrested in Capital police area on charges of stealing cable wires on Monday.Guru, whose bail plea was rejected in a lower court here, was on being taken to judicial custody with two police escorts when he jumped out of the police van in front of the Jharpada prison and escaped. He was untraceable till evening. \"He jumped out of the van as our escorts were about to take him inside the jail. Even though another accused was present inside the van, he did not make the escape bid,\" Capital police station inspector Aseem Panda said.Sources said the two police constables, who were escorting the accused might face suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17027109", "title": "HUDA planning to serve rent default notices on erring petrol pump owners", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is all set to issue notices to the petrol pump owners in Gurgaon who have defaulted on payment of rent, running into lakhs of rupees.HUDA recently found out that the petrol pump owners have not been paying rent while checking records during an internal audit. The authority has rented out various plots to petrol pump owners in different areas on a monthly basis. According to a source in HUDA, the petrol pump owners were not paying rent as per the new norms based on the number of petrol dispenser.More than a dozen petrol pumps are running on HUDA plots. According to the HUDA rule, the petrol pump owners pay a fixed rent for the land and 40 % of this for each dispenser installed at the pump. Each pump has two or more petrol dispensers and the rent increases accordingly.The erring petrol pump owners would be penalized, said a senior HUDA official. The official said they (petrol pump owners) will have to pay penalty with interest in order to operate on the HUDA sites. HUDA is also planning to check the details of the petrol dispensers in all the pumps and the payment discrepancies. \"The sites where the number of dispenser are more than registered in HUDA records, the owner will have pay penalty from the date of installation of new dispensers,\" said the official.Meanwhile, the petrol pump owners say that most of them have not defaulted on payment of rent. \"The default on payment could be possible in some petrol pumps where new dispensers have been added without informing HUDA. Most petrol pump owners have not defaulted on rent,\" said a petrol pump owner. The petrol pump owners also said that the criteria of calculating rent, as per the petrol dispenser, is illogical. \"Each petrol pump has a fuel selling limit, beyond which fuel cannot sold irrespective of the number of dispensers. The addition of dispensers is primarily to facilitate customers and reduce waiting time,\" said an another petrol pump owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17028010", "title": "Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University to put up checked answer-sheets on site", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University have decided to put on display the checked answer sheets of back paper exams of academic session 2011-12 held on October 10 and 11.Back paper exam of regular and private students were held on these two dates. The university has decided to display more than 40,000 answer sheets to students on its website. The students may log on to www.kanpuruniversity.org to see the scanned answer sheets. The university will be taking nearly a month to complete the task. By November 30 the checked answer sheets will be posted on the website. Students of BA, B Sc, B Com, MA, M Sc and M Com who appeared for the back-paper exam will be able to see the checked answer scripts.The university administration informed that the step had been taken to make the process of copy checking fair and transparent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026678", "title": "Infy, TCS issue advisory to staff", "text": "Indian IT companies TCS, Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies have issued advisories to their employees working in US, whose East Coast is battered by a superstorm. The domestic IT companies, which get over 60% of their revenues from the US, however, said they do not expect their business to be adversely affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026335", "title": "SC censures locals for temporary mosque", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday took a dim view of the local population led by area MLA Shoaib Iqbal taking the law into their hands to construct a temporary religious structure even after Akbarabadi mosque authorities had demolished the structure on the orders of the Delhi high court to make way for a Metro station.Though a bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar ordered status quo and sought response from the Centre, Delhi government and Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) within two days, it disapproved the way the locals forcibly took over the site and constructed a temporary mosque. The HC had on October 19 confirmed its July 10 interim order paving the way for demolition of the existing structure for construction of a Metro station. But with the apex court granting status quo on Iqbal's appeal, construction of the Metro station will have to be deferred.But the bench disapproved the manner in which the temporary structure was erected. The CJI said, \"I agree there may be some kind of religious structure found there which needs to be protected. But why did you take law into your own hands?\"The apex court took note of the protest by local residents led by the petitioner to prevent New Delhi Municipal Committee authorities to cordon off the area on the directions of the HC even though the petitioner said that Muslims had been offering namaz there for long.The bench said that the situation could have gone out of control and told the petitioner's counsel, \"As a lawyer, you advise your client to get a mandatory injunction against ASI ...Why do you allow people to point a finger at you?\"Senior advocate Aman Lekhi, at whose instance the Delhi HC took up the matter suo motu, informed the bench that the petitioner's claim of a mosque at the site was wrong as it had been a park.The petitioner admitted that the Akbarabadi mosque, constructed in 1650, was razed by the British in 1857 and converted into a garden. Trouble had started in April when DMRC excavated the area to construct the Jama Masjid Metro station. After words spread about the foundation of two minarets being found along with earthenware at the site, the petitioner had demanded handing over of the site to ASI while seeking permission for the Muslim community to offer namaz there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17028843", "title": "PMO push for Central Coalfields Limited mining project", "text": "RANCHI: Pressing demand for increase in coal production to meet the need of power and steel companies of the country, the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has intervened to expedite ambitious coal mining projects of the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) in Jharkhand.The PMO has constituted a committee, headed by the Railway Board chairman, to ensure quick construction of Shibpur-Tori line that will help evacuating at least 100 million tonnes of coal per annum from North Karanpura coalfields in Hazaribagh district. The project is pending for almost 10 years and has affected coal production target of the CCL. At present, production capacity of the CCL is around 55 million tonnes.Chairman-cum-managing director of the CCL Gopal Singh said recently he met with deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and with his help approached the PMO. \"I am happy that the urgency of the rail line was accepted by the deputy chairman and the PMO. A high-powered committee has been constituted under the chairman of Railway Board that will expedite the construction of rail line,\" said Singh.Sources in the CCL said the company had been running from pillar to post for the past one decade because unless the railway line is constructed, evacuation of such huge quantity of coal would not be possible. \"We even changed the original rail line as it was passing through the dense forest on the directive of the Union forest and environment ministry yet the project could not take off which forced us to approach the PMO,\" said a source.The proposed railway line between Shibpur and Kathotia will not only pass through less dense forest but also reduce the running distance by around 25-30 km and connect Koderma. \"We hope that with intervention of the PMO and construction of railway line our two opencast mines Magadh and Amrapali will become operational very soon,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17028013", "title": "CIC quizzes NTRO on camera-in-toilet complaints", "text": "NEW DELHI: CIC on Tuesday directed technical snooping agency National Technical Research Organisation to disclose information related to alleged filming of its women employees in toilets using hidden cameras.Chief Information Commissioner Satyananda Mishra said although the organization is exempted from making disclosures under the RTI Act, the case was of human rights violation and hence must be disclosed.Gurgaon-based lawyer Naina Kapur had sought information from the NTRO if any of its women employees had filed a complaint regarding their alleged filming in organization's toilets using spy cameras and action taken on their allegations.NTRO refused to part with the information saying it was an exempted organization under schedule two of the Section 24 of the RTI Act. The lawyer challenged the decision before the CIC arguing that the case was one of human rights violation.Section 24 of the RTI Act exempts security organizations listed under second schedule from making any disclosures under the transparency law provided there are no allegations of corruption or human rights violation.There was furore after news reports surfaced that women employees of NTRO were filmed inside office toilets using spy cams. Women staffers of NTRO had complained and an enquiry was also carried out but its results never came out.\"It is clear that it (information sought) falls squarely within the proviso to section 24. If, indeed, there was any such complaint from any women employees, it would constitute a clear case of violation of the women's human rights. Therefore, in our view, the CPIO is obliged to respond to the RTI queries,\" Mishra said in the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028502", "title": "Diwali homecoming to cost a bomb", "text": "LUCKNOW: If your dear one residing in metros like Delhi and Mumbai has not yet booked his ticket to the city for Diwali holidays, it will now cost a fortune. The waitlist in all trains during the weekend before Diwali is already running into multiple hundreds and most of the direct flight are packed. So, anybody wishing to fly from Mumbai to Lucknow on November 12 will have to shell out anything between Rs 12,500 and Rs 41,000 - the maximum fare being almost 10 times the normal.The fares appear to be strategically flagged. They rise astronomically around November 10, Saturday. Diwali is on Tuesday. So, if one takes one leave on Monday, one gets a chance to spend four days on the trot at home. No wonder, it is on November 10 when the air fares have gone through the roof.Just have a look at the fare chart. Even the 'low cost carrier' Indigo's flight (6E-312) from Delhi will charge you Rs 10,186 per seat on November 10. So is the case with Go Air (G8-181) where the air fares are pegged at Rs 10,276. The air fare of Indigo's 6E-312 on the day happens to be Rs 10,186. Just a day before, on November 9, the air fare of this flight is Rs 9236. Jet Konnect goes a step further and charges Rs 12,911. The cheapest ticket on November 10 happens to be that of Indigo's 6E-444 - Rs 7242.The airfares move down a bit on November 11 when it is a Sunday and flatten further the next day, the day before Diwali. The same Go Air flight (G8-181) ticket which would cost Rs 10,276 per ticket for Delhi-Lucknow on November 10, will come for Rs 4,241 two days later. Likewise, the 6E-444 too sees its fares tumbling down from Rs 7,242 to Rs 4,241 within a span of one day.I had no option but to go in a waiting list ticket in a train...lets hope that it clears,'' said Deep Mani, a senior manager in a financial firm. For Madhav, a graphic designer in Delhi, sharing a taxi with his friend would be a better option. That would cost just as much as AC I train fare,'' he quipped.However, somebody coming from Mumbai can hardly ponder over the taxi option. And the unavailability of direct flights from Mumbai has left the passengers with the option of indirect flights which will cost a bomb. A Jet Konnect flight from Mumbai to Luckow via Delhi has its fares pegged at an astonishing Rs 41,065 on November 10. It is an Indigo's hopping flight (G8-337/397) from Mumbai via Delhi which happens to be the cheapest - Rs 12,604. The only direct flight available, on November 12 is Indigo's 6E-342 for which one will have to shell out nearly Rs 11,000. The normal Mumbai-Lucknow fare hovers in the range of Rs 4,500-Rs 5,000.If one wishes to fly from Mumabi to Lucknow a day before, on November 9, then one may first be required to take on a six-hour flight that first takes you to Udaipur, before flying to New Delhi and subsequently landing in Lucknow. In the process you shell out Rs 31,462.Similarly, the ticket for the only direct flight from Bangaluru, Indigo's 6E-163, will cost you Rs 15,387 on November 10. On November 9 and November 11, the fares on the same flight happen to be Rs 11,189. it however goes down a bit to Rs 9,300 on November 12.At times there happens to be no logic behind the air fares. One may buy ticket at a very high rate earlier and less later on,'' said Prateek Heera, a city based tour operator.The rise in the air fares come days after the directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) suspended the licence of Kingfisher airlines because of heavy liabilities and ongoing strike. This in turn reduced the availability of seats in different carriers leading to sudden rise in ticket prices. Interestingly, on October 26 Kingfisher Airlines reportedly told the DGCA that it is ready to fly the moment the suspension of its flying licence is revoked.It was only in April this year when a parliamentary panel expressed doubts on whether the DGCA had taken any step to prevent the \"sudden surge\" in air fares and asked the aviation regulator to evolve measures to prevent flyers from being \"harassed\". Subsequently, in June the DGCA had a meeting with all domestic airlines and expressed concern over the exponential increase in fares on various domestic sectors. The airlines had reportedly agreed to reduce the airfares in the highest fare bucket on various routes in the domestic network by 5 to 20%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17027666", "title": "Hescom to give more power to farmers", "text": "Hubli: The Hubli Electricity Supply Company (Hescom) seems to have woken up to help the farming community who are in distress due to shortage of power to their irrigation pumpsets. Hescom has decided to supply six hours of power to IP sets in seven districts in north Karnataka region with immediate effect.Erratic power supply has left the farming community red-faced in many villages. Farmers, who are hit by drought, have been supplied less than three hours of power to their IP sets. Many times, they vented their ire by laying siege to Hescom office. Hundreds of farmers from Gadag, Dharwad, who came to Hubli on Tuesday to discuss the issue with Hescom officials, said power supply has become so irregular that they have to depend on lantern to light up their houses.Vitthal Ganachari of Mundargi, farmer, told TOI that there is huge discrimination in supply of power to farmers and politicians in the village.\"Politicians get uninterrupted power supply to their pumpsets, but farmers here are not even getting power for three hours,\" he alleged.Basavaraj Sabale of Naragund said most of the transformers are under repair in the area and there is acute shortage of power to IP pumpsets.\"If we get sufficient power, we can draw water from the well or other water bodies for agricultural purpose. Most of the IP sets are lying idle without power,\" he said.Ningamma Haiger, another farmer from Gudageri, said there is no proper supply of power even in single phase. To help farmers irrigate their land for survival in such critical time, Hescom should provide sufficient power, she added. Farmers also threatened to launch agitation if their demands are not met with immediately.OfficialspeakHESCOM managing director Rajendra Cholan said power will be supplied for six hours-four hours in morning and two hours in the evening-to villages. Single phase power will be supplied from 6 pm to 10 pm. \"Of the total quantity of power we are getting from the state, we are using 18.5% of power to IP sets. We have already requested chief minister Jagadish Shettar and energy minister Shobha Karandlaje to release power up to 25% for IP sets,\" Rajendra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028237", "title": "Seshan gets police security as Pachaiyappa\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s administrator", "text": "CHENNAi: Former chief election commissioner T N Seshan,who was appointed interim administrator of the Pachaiyappa's Trust by the Madras high court on October 16, is set to get personal police security in view of perceived threats to him.Justice K Chandru, hearing a petition filed by Seshan on Tuesday, ordered police protection to his home as well as the Pachaiyappa's Trust office with immediate effect.On October 16, Justice Chandru appointed Seshan interim administrator of the trust, saying he must conduct elections for five vacant trustee posts in the board and hand over the reins to the newly constituted board. In the meanwhile, without waiting for the trust elections, Seshan shall take steps to fill up teaching and non-teaching vacancies in various trust-controlled educational institutions, the judge said.In his petition, Seshan submitted that to carry out the directions of the high court he required police protection as it would \"ensure discharge of his duties as interim administrator without any threat or danger.\" He was of the view that police protection would prevent untoward incidents.Justice Chandru said given the onerous responsibility of the interim administration, there was a likelihood of threat perception. \"Under such circumstances it is necessary to provide police security to the interim administrator to discharge his duty effectively.\"Besides providing police protection to his home and trust office, Seshan shall be given a personal security officer with immediate effect, the judge said.A batch of petitions had been filed in the Madras high court highlighting the fact that the Pachaiyappa's Trust board had lost the quorum after five of the nine trustees quit. They wanted the court to initiate steps to fill up the five vacancies, and to run the day-to-day affairs of the board and affiliated institutions through a committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027492", "title": "Junagadh man loses love, nation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court refused to declare a person of Indian origin and his Pakistan-born son Indian citizens after they returned back to the country on a Pakistani passport. Junagadh resident Kadri Saiyad Mohammed Hanif had married a Pakistani girl and settled down in the neighbouring country about 20 years ago.Kadri, along with his son Shahrukh, had requested the court to consider them Indian citizens and expressed a desire to give up their Pakistani passports. However, the court refused to entertain their plea.Kadri had worked in a bank in Junagadh for three months before leaving for Pakistan in 1992 on a visitor's visa. He got married there, overstayed his visa and returned to India in 1993. The same year, he obtained a valid Pakistani visa, went there and stayed back for 19 years. The couple had two kids \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a boy and a girl.After his second visit, Kadri surrendered his Indian passport to the Indian embassy at Islamabad. His Indian passport expired in 1998. Following differences with his wife, he returned to India with Shahrukh earlier this year.His Indian visa was to expire on October 26, but since he did not want to go back to Pakistan, he tried to regain his Indian citizenship. He moved the high court seeking directions to Indian authorities to declare him Indian.Kadri contended that he was born and brought up in Junagadh and that he had submitted his passport to Indian embassy for renewal, but the document was never returned. Since he did not want to live with his wife and had no other document to re-enter India, he had obtained a Pakistani passport.He urged the court that he be declared Indian because he was never a Pakistani citizen. He also said that since he was the only guardian of his son, he too should be declared an Indian citizen.However, two benches of the court refused to declare the duo Indian citizens on the ground that they were holding Pakistani passports. The court suggested Kadri present his case for Indian citizenship before an appropriate authority instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17026379", "title": "Thane bizman 'thrashed' by cops over car sun-film", "text": "THANE: A 33-year-old Thane businessman was allegedly assaulted by a traffic inspector and two traffic constables on Tuesday following an argument over the dark film pasted on the windows of his car. The trio allegedly slapped, strangled and kicked Prasad Girap, who is now admitted to the Thane civil hospital in a semi-conscious state.Though his condition is said to be stable, Girap complains of a heavy head and severe pain in his thighs and abdomen where he was allegedly kicked and stamped upon by the traffic policemen.The incident occurred at the Cadbury junction. in broad daylight on Tuesday after he disputed with them over the visibility of the dark film pasted on his Swift car.Prasad Girap, who is an engineer and manages his own unit near Upvan lake, is presently in a semi-conscious state at the Thane civil hospital.The police, however, strongly contested the charges and accused Girap, an engineer, of assaulting the traffic constables. \"When the constable asked him to pay a fine of Rs 100 for the dark film, Girap claimed it was permissible. He then tried to throw his weight around and claimed to be an associate of a Shiv Sena MLA,\" deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Shrikant Paropkari told TOI. He added that Girap got into a shuffle with the constable, identified only as Chavan, and even bit him. Girap has been booked under Section 353 of the IPC for assaulting public servants and obstructing them from performing their duty.A local, Pravin Kadam, who claimed to be passing by the Cadbury junction, however, claimed otherwise. \"My wife and I saw a man being beaten up. Initially, we thought the man was being robbed but soon realized that he was being thrashed by policemen. One of the burly constables slapped him hard on the face when he tried to make a phone call. As the phone fell, the cops stamped on it,\" Kadam, a resident of Shastri Nagar, said.He claimed the police used excessive force as one of themtried to strangle Girap so hard that he bit his hand to set himself free. \"They pulled him out of the car, punched him on his head and kicked him in the stomach. When he fell down, they repeatedly kicked him on his legs and abdomen.My wife and I tried to help him but the cops shouted at us and threatened to take us to the police station,\" said Kadam.. We then stood closeby and watched them beat him,'' he said.Girap was taken to the civil hospital by his father and his brother-in-law. The police said the issue involved a payment of fine of Rs 100 for using a dark film on the car, which was disputed by Girap who claimed it was permissible.\"It is very easy to make baseless allegations against policemen.The truth is that Girap bit the constable and used such force that the buttons on the constables' shirts came off,\" said an officer from the Naupada police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17025795", "title": "Sandy fallout: Indian IT companies tell staff in US to stay indoors", "text": "BANGALORE: Most Indian IT and BPO companies have issued advisories to employees working in the US as \"Frankenstorm\" Sandy wreaked havoc along US East Coast. Tech firms have closed their offices in Boston, Connecticut, New York and New Jersey as a precautionary measure and asked employees to stay indoors.With massive power outages in New York, IT/ITeS companies will soon activate disaster-management plans to remotely assist clients. \"Hurricane Sandy has impacted operations of some of our clients in the US. Our employees supporting these clients from their locations are working from home while some are supporting them through disaster recovery centres. We may have to put in some additional hours to compensate the productivity loss,\" said V Balakrishnan, head of India and BPO businesses in Infosys.Infosys , which counts on Bank of America (BoA) and JP Morgan as its clients, has restricted business travel to storm-hit areas for the next few days. \"A few of our offices in the affected areas have been closed as a precautionary measure. We are also taking necessary measures to provide remote assistance to our clients to support potential production issues in the event of power outages,\" said a company communique on Tuesday.Media reports say the BoA has closed its branches is several states including Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Delaware and Connecticut on Tuesday to minimize the impact.Scott Staples, president of Americas at mid-tier IT company Mindtree , said, \"As the storm is primarily going to affect the Mid-Atlantic and New England region, we have closed our New Jersey office for both Monday and Tuesday and will re-evaluate further closings if widespread power outages occur. We have also asked our employees in these regions who work at client sites to adhere to the policies, guidelines, and warnings issued by those clients.\"Hurricane Sandy lashed the coastal areas from Maryland to Massachusetts leaving residents and businesses paralysed. Heavy rains slammed the coast knocking off power supplies and other utilities. Employees working onsite have been advised to comply with safety guidelines issued by the local authorities.\"We have asked all employees in the affected areas to work from home today as well and comply with guidance issued by local US authorities. We have also provided guidelines to emergency management and an international SOS card, which employees can use to call up international SOS in case of any emergency,\" said Hari Hegde, global head- operations at Wipro Technologies .Alexander Varghese, country head of US-based UST Global said, \"The storm-hit region is the second biggest tech hub in the US after the Silicon Valley. It has a large population of onsite workers. Storm Sandy may also impact business travel from India to the US as airports in the region are closed.''Experts tracking the sector say that the force majeure situation might have an operational and transactional impact pushing companies to activate their contingency plans. \"Client data of customers on the East Coast is fully secure via our disaster recovery centres on the West Coast and other sites. We are ready to switch locations on any alert within 15 minutes. For customers, it will be business as usual,\" said Chella Namasivayam, chief information officer at California-based IT firm iGate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026322", "title": "7 held with narcotics worth Rs 12L", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven people have been arrested for their alleged involvement in manufacturing and supplying of pseudoephedrine. Around 30kg of loose pseudoephedrine tablets worth Rs 12 lakh in the open market were recovered from them,\" said a police officer. The medicine is taken under strict medical guidance and can lead to neurological problems like numbness, and swelling of the eyes if taken with a combination of other drugs. In another case,a man from Rajasthan with 2 kg opium was arrested from near Dwarka More Metro station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028419", "title": "22-year-old woman ends life in Madiaon", "text": "LUCKNOW: A young woman committed suicide allegedly at her residence at around 10.00 a.m. on Tuesday. The deceased Shilpi Shukla (22) got married in June this year to Amit Mishra , a resident of Naubasta Khurd, Gayatri Nagar. The incident was reported by Mishra to Madiaon police station.According to the complainant, Shilpi hung herself from ceiling fan by wrapping a stole around her neck. The deceased was from Sitapur district and her parents stay at Uljapur area of the neighbouring district. Both husband and father of the deceased are farmers. Police did not find any suicide note and will take the version of Shilpi's family in order to decide if the case was of dowry harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027264", "title": "'27,639 students denied RTE'", "text": "PANAJI: NGO Lokancho Adhar has said that 27,639 students in Goa have not been covered under the Right to Education (RTE) Act and has demanded that they be brought under its purview.\"The CM clings to the education portfolio with a hidden agenda. He has hoodwinked the trusting management of schools and got the contempt of court proceedings withdrawn which in all probability, due to the RTE Act, would been decided in favour of school managements who had switched over to English,\" said D'Mello.\"Parents of 27,639 students in unaided English medium schools have to pay from their own pockets. Where does the RTE Act, which demands from the states to provide free education at primary level, stand in such a situation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17028269", "title": "Malkhan skips court hearing once again", "text": "JODHPUR: Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, one of the main accused in the abduction and murder of Bhanwari Devi , did not appear in the court on Tuesday to hear the charges framed against him. He sought exemption from appearance on health grounds. Bishnoi had undergone surgery in Jaipur earlier this month. He is the only accused under judicial custody to whom the court has to read out the charges.All the accused in the case had been read out the charges on October 4 except Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, who remained absent on health grounds. Maderna, however, appeared in the court on the next hearing that was scheduled for October 15 but Bishnoi then too did not turn up. Hence a new date was fixed for October 30. \"But he did not turn up on Tuesday either on health ground. He is still said to be in a hospital in Jaipur\", said the senior special counsel (CBI) Ashok Joshi. The court has now listed the matter for November 8 for reading out charges against him.On the other hand, admitting the plea of Bishnoi and expressing his inability to bear the expenditure of the police security, the court has directed the government not to charge for security from now on but has refused to return the money already deposited, which is to the tune of Rs. 2.30 lakh.Joshi said that the court had allowed Bishnoi to undergo treatment on the condition that he will have to bear the expenses of the security, which will be kept around him during his treatment in the hospital. But now, he, has expressed his inability to bear this expenditure anymore and citing the jail manual, according to which, the accused need not bear the expenditure for security, pleaded to return the deposited money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028334", "title": "2 dengue deaths in Haryana, maximum cases in Gurgaon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two persons have died due to dengue in Haryana where, out of 415 confirmed cases so far this month, Gurgaon alone accounted for 325.After Gurgaon, 47 cases have been reported from Panchkula district and the remaining cases were from other areas, a health department spokesman said here on Tuesday.\"Two persons have lost their lives in the state due to dengue. One person died in Gurgaon and the other succumbed in Rohtak this month,\" he said.He said dengue was first reported in Haryana during 1996 and since then, sporadic cases have been reported from some parts of the state.During 2008, a total of 1,159 confirmed cases of dengue were reported in the state and there were nine deaths due to the disease. In 2009, only 125 cases of confirmed dengue were reported, he said.Similarly, in 2010, there were 866 confirmed dengue cases with 21 deaths reported, out of which 631 cases and 13 deaths were from Gurgaon district. Last year, 267 cases with three deaths were reported, he said.The health department has taken a number of preventive measures, including generating awareness about these measures, through an information and educational campaign. Fogging is being carried out in and around 50 houses of every positive case of dengue, sources said.All samples of suspected dengue cases in Haryana are tested free of cost in ten sentinel surveillance hospitals (SSH) set up in Ambala, Faridabad, Gurgaon, General Hospital, Hisar, Medical College, Agroha, Hisar, Kaithal, Karnal, Kurukshetra, Panchkula and PGIMS, Rohtak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026538", "title": "Mayor blames officials for delay in new NMC building", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole has blamed lack of proper planning on part of NMC officials for delay in completion of its new administrative building.Construction of the building began in 2003 and was over in 2008. But the interior work like electrical fittings started recently after over a four-year delay, Sole said.The project cost of the building was Rs17.99 crore when it was approved in January 2003. The revised cost stands at Rs56.34 crore due to escalation and increase in scope of works.On Tuesday evening, Sole and municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane reviewed the work of the building. Wardhane assured the mayor that the remaining work will be completed by November-end. \"If completed as per the revised deadline, offices of the civic chief and four deputy municipal commissioners will be shifted from the old building to the new one,\" said Sole.He hinted at shifting the offices of Nagpur Environmental Services Limited (NESL), NMC's special purpose vehicle for water distribution and Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited ( NMPL), looking after city bus services, to the old building. Presently, NESL's office is situated near Bole Petrol pump square while NMPL's runs from Dharampeth zone office.Wardhane and Sole visited Hivri Nagar on Tuesday where a sewage treatment plant (STP) is coming up. The treated water from STP will be supplied to Mahagenco which is setting up its new units at Koradi Thermal Power Plant.Wardhane expressed concern when he spotted around 55 illegal shanties on civic body's land there and issued directives to remove them immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030569", "title": "It's 'scarytime' in Kolkata", "text": "You never thought you would live to sip on Vampire blood cocktail, served by Dracula, did you? Slurp, but don't choke .It's Halloween today and you'd better believe that this fright fest has become bloody popular in the city. From spooky costumes, ghostly sippers and ghoulish grub, Kolkatans are pulling out all stops to go trick-or-treating.For those who came in late, Halloween, originally an American festival to mark All Hallows or All Saint's Day, is celebrated annually on October 31. Closer home, lawyer Nita Khamarum said, \"Halloween has caught up here. I never imagined my neighbourhood kids would come trick-or-treating.\"On the business side, the skyrocketting sales of horror props is another testimony to the fest's popularity. Jack-o'-lanterns, faux bloodied body parts, witch costumes and fake blood have doubled their sales in the last three years. Fahad Ahmed, the owner of F-Bloc \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a city store which stocks Halloween merchandise \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said, \"About 30 groups have come in this year to purchase items such as bulging eyes, severed limbs, vampire fangs, glow-in-the-dark face and hair cream, t-shirts and nail paints, mostly for house parties.\" The owner of Party Hunterz in the city, Swati Siotia, seconds the view. \"Hair band knives and arrows, witch hats, gory footsteps, skeletons and monsterthemed face paints are flying off the racks.\" Gift Palace is also stocking up on gruesome items for the gore-lovers.Spooksters are not stopping at this. They're giving their nails a Halloween makeover, admits Bidisha Das of Kara Nail Spa who's getting demands to paint Halloween motifs on nails to match the creepy crawly accessories. What next? Load up your platter with some viciously er... delicious munchies. \"We have orders to design spider and pumpkin doughnuts,\" said Neha Kothari of D-oh! Boy.Once you have your gear in place, head to some of the happening spots in the city. While Shisha has already thrown its scary bash for this year, Chrome Hotel, Swissotel and The Park are gearing up for theirs. Gorge on the sinister spread \u00e2\u20ac\u201d devilish eggs, spooky spiced shrimp, oven-roasted ribs and graveyard cake \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at Swissotel. Let Chrome Hotel's ghost busters and bloody vodka shots, served by staff wearing skeletal gowns and ghost masks, send a chill down your spine. The Tea Trove and youth fest Char So Bees is also spooking up their themes. \"We will gift lava lamps, skull candy earphones and plasma balls for the 10 best costumes. There will also be Dexter, brain, mummy and murder cupcakes up for grabs,\" said Devika Arora, the organizer of the youth fest. Sunaina Gera of the Sweet Couture is also getting her not-so-sweet weapons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d witches hat, haunted house, wiggly worms and eyeball cupcakes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ready for the festival. \"Nobody can resist the allure of Halloween, and Kolkata is no exception! Who doesn't want to wear a crazy costume, eat theme food and go to fun parties? Happy Halloween!\" said Jeffrey Reneau, director, American Center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17026482", "title": "Water theft: MLA threatens defamation suit", "text": "THANE: Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik on Tuesday threatened to file a defamation case against civic chief R A Rajeev for accusing his firm Vihang Infrastructure of water theft.Civic authorities said the sanctioned water flow to a complex built by Sarnaik's firm was 15,000 litres per day with six one inch pipelines authorized by the water supply department.An audit has revealed the project had four times surplus water supply and no authorization was given for the additional pipelines of higher radius. Rajeev directed the officials to file a criminal case against the developer.However, junior water supply department officials are said to have given a written undertaking to cops that they had authorized the complex to draw water from the mains.Sarnaik had earlier claimed that he was not overdrawing water and that the pipelines were laid down by the civic authorities. \"I have no clue as a developer about the radius of the pipes, etc. But There was a deliberate attempt to malign my name and the reputation of my construction company. Now that the engineers from the water supply department have given a written statement to the police my stand is vindicated,\" Sarnaik said.Sarnaik accused Rajeev of deliberate and motivated action to settle political scores. \"I have issued a legal notice and will slap a Rs 100 crore defamation suit against the commissioner,\" said Sarnaik, who is Shiv Sena MLA from Ovla-Majiwada.But Rajeev said he has initiated action against a builder for a wrongful act. \"My superintendent engineer Vishwas Bhase is filing a fresh statement to the police detailing how additional pipelines were laid down without any authorizationThe water drawn by the project was around 60,000 litres per day when its sanctioned usage was less and so was the radius of the authorized pipes connected to the TMC water mains police,\" Rajeev said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027318", "title": "TiE shedding its Indian label", "text": "KOCHI: The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE), a networking and mentoring group started by Indian entrepreneurs and professionals in the US, is trying to shrug off its label as an ethnic Indian business association. During a recent visit to Kerala, Ashok Rao, chairman of TiE Global, negated the popular perception of TiE as an organization for Indian diaspora.\"We have a chapter in Belgium with 40 members. The president is a German and all others are Belgians. We are not ethnic. The leadership is still Indian because we are the ones who started it, and so, we have the passion for it. But Christian Tidona, who runs the Belgium chapter, may eventually be the chairman of TiE Global,\" Rao said.TiE, which originally started as a club of Indian professionals in Silicon Valley in California, was different from the ethnic associations in the US.\"In Houston where I live, we have 96 associations of Indian origin. We have four Telugu associations, three Bengali associations, three Gujarati associations and a Malayali Christian association. I don't belong to any of these,\" Rao said.According to the website of TiE, it has 13,000 members of which 2,500 are charter members spread across 17 countries. Mentoring, networking and education form the cardinal elements of its mission of developing young entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17031462", "title": "Ailing Pakistani woman sells only child for Rs 1.2 lakh", "text": "LAHORE: A poor woman from Punjab province has sold her seven-month-old son to an expatriate Pakistani family for Rs 1.2 lakh to meet the cost of her medical treatment, prompting police to act against both parties. The incident occurred in Gujranwala district, 80 km from Lahore.Khalida Bibi, who is suffering from cardiac and liver ailments, sold her son Faizan yesterday for Rs 1.2 lakh to Mohammad Shaukat, who works in UAE.\"I had no money for my treatment and so I decided to sell my only child,\" Khalida told reporters.As the news broke on TV channels, police rushed to stop the illegal deal between Khalida and Shaukat and took them both into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028438", "title": "Sandy-struck's worried Lucknow kin", "text": "LUCKNOW: Parents and relatives of Lucknow natives stuck in super storm sandy in the United States that continued its ferocious streak even on Tuesday kept their fingers crossed. Awdhesh Kumar Mishra, government officer in bhoomi vikas nigam, is one such anxious parent. \"My daughter is media advisor to a software firm while my son-in-law is a consultant software engineer. They live in Manhattan and were told to pack up and leave the place for safety two days ago. I spoke to them on Monday. Though they are fine, I hope the phase of trial passes away soon,\" said Mishra.Mahanagar resident Rajesh Sood's son is also facing the challenge of the storm in US. Though the elderly parents could not be contacted, his close friends said they were worried. Mishra said more than 300 Indians in the area were relocated to a safe place.\"The credit for their safe rescue goes to a small group called 'Namaste India'. Hamir Kapadia and B K Sharma are the key persons in the group. They have sent a word of assurance to many parents like me. If anyone in the city has not been able to get in touch with their children, they can contact Kapadia or Sharma,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026652", "title": "HC rejects Talewar's bail plea again", "text": "NAGPUR: A single judge bench of the high court on Tuesday rejected the bail application of Vijay Talewar, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader, in a case filed against him at Sitabuldi police station.Justice ML Tahaliyani upheld the earlier decision of Justice TV Nalawade in August when Talewar's bail had been rejected the first time. However, two-week protection has been granted to the applicant to approach the apex court.Talewar, who had contested the civic body polls, was slapped with charges of dacoity, outraging of modesty, trespass and assault among others by Sitabuldi police in March earlier this year. This was following a scuffle over a property dispute with Bharti Belsare and her two sons. Talewar had also lodged a counter complaint against the Belsares.It is suspected that Talewar wanted to forcibly evict the Belsares from a property at Lendra Park in Ramdaspeth where the incident took place. The Belsares, staying as caretakers of the property, resisted Talewar, leading to the fight breaking out.Though the Belsares were arrested, police did not take Talewar into custody despite him having more serious offences against him. Talewar's bail was rejected by the sessions court and later by Nagpur bench of Bombay high court.Talewar had filed a second plea that senior police inspector Prakash Jadhav of Sitabuldi police station, now under suspension, had filed a fabricated affidavit against him. Additional public prosecutor Bharti Dangre said that the court observed there was no issue with the affidavit, which formed one of the grounds for rejection of the bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027079", "title": "Two die in accidents, child injured", "text": "KOLKATA: Two people died in accidents in Kolkata on Tuesday and a child critically injured.A scooterist, who veered in front of a loaded trailer truck at Taratala, was run over. The trailer driver slammed the brakes but the momentum carried him forward and the scooterist, 58-year-old Md Taslim, was crushed.Earlier in the day, a middle-aged man was found bleeding beside EM Bypass near Kalikapur. A police patrol took him to hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival. \"His injuries suggest a car accident,\" said an investigator. The victim is yet to be identified.In the afternoon, six-year-old Md Altamas was playing on the roadside in Rajabazar when an autorickshaw on the Sealdah route mounted the pavement and hit him. The boy suffered severe injuries to his head and legs. He was taken to Calcutta Medical College and Hospital, and shifted to a private hospital when his condition deteriorated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "advoi", "code": "17027400", "title": "Mine encroaches on learning space at Sonus", "text": "ADVOI: A cloud of red-brown mining dust stirs every time a vehicle zooms past the main road lining the Sonus hamlet deep in Sattari taluka. As the dust settled at 8am on Tuesday, tiny silhouettes were visible on the horizon in blue and white uniforms walking towards a large mining area three-and-half kilometres from their homes in Sonus.Fiddling with the straps of their backpacks and chatting with one another, the children entered the mines only to disappear from sight again. Soon enough, and with the mining activity halted due to the ban, chanting of poems and a teacher's loud instructions were heard in a low-lying area in the centre of the mined region.The government primary school at Sonus stands encircled by now silent mines, and a few trees wilting in the blazing sun and sting of the mining dust. Inside the concrete box structure, the lone teacher switches between students of Classes I to IV.As the teaching gains pace, parents, who accompany their children, now as a habit, as they earlier did it to protect their children from mining traffic, return to their mud houses in the largely tribal village.\"Since 2005, we have been petitioning different authorities. Once the deputy collector and mamlatdar came for an inspection but nothing positive came out of it. The school area is 390 sq m on paper, one can see how 250 sq m or less belongs to the school today after encroachment by mines,\" Vaman Gawde, head of the school parent teacher association, said.Last year, the school had 18 students on its rolls, this year only a dozen stayed back to fight the mining dust each morning.An access road to the school is non-existent and students have to make their way through a small opening in the temporary laterite fencing that marks the mining lease area.\"Most parents prefer to send their children to a school in Sanquelim. Though it is nine kilometers away, we put some money together and hire a vehicle to transport our children there. This saves our time. In case of the Sonus school, we have to walk our children to and back from the school to help them navigate the mining trucks,\" Shane Gawade, a parent, said.Time equals money for the tribals who mostly work as daily wage labourers at Honda and surrounding areas as their fields, cashew plantations and natural water bodies have been swallowed by mining.\"This year it is quiet in class. Earlier, we could hear a noise like many stones falling at the same time throughout the school hours,\" eight-year-old Shubhangi Gawde, a Class IV student at the school, said.Parents complain that children suffer from cold and cough throughout the year with the irritant dust perennially floating in the air.\"Teachers posted to the school keep seeking transfers as it is difficult to work in the noise and dust. Also, there is no public transport available to the school and the teacher has to walk over three kilometres to access it. There are no buses plying on the route as the road space is occupied by trucks when mining is on,\" a middle-aged villager, Piso Gawde, said.Parents claim there have also been attempts to have the school shifted to another plot so the institution's land too could be used for extraction, but villagers remained adamant that the school would not be shifted further away from the village it serves.\"The mining department, the Indian Bureau of Mines and other authorities that issue approvals for mines do not visit the sites before issuing the permissions. That's the reason one sees such situations of mines operating on all four sides of a government school. The school has been here since we can remember, yet mining was permitted and it now appears as though the school is the encroacher in a mining area and not the other way around,\" former Honda panch Hanumant Parab said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026573", "title": "3 held for 'raping' minor", "text": "MUMBAI: Pydhonie police arrested three persons, a youth Rehman Siddiqui (20) and two minors, who are suspected drug addicts, for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl who had been lured to CST around midnight on Monday. The girl belongs to a slum in Malwani.Police said that they arrested Rehman Siddiqui (20), and two of his minor associates whose identity has not been revealed since they are minors. Police said that the girl was found by a mobile patrolling police van on the P'Demello Road. \"The girl told us that on Sunday evening one of his acquaintances, identified as Kallu Mama, asked her to come with him to have ice cream. She left with him and later Kallu mama asked her to accompany him till CST railway station where he assured her to go for sight seeing,\" the police said. The victim along with Kallu Mama came to CST and he went to fetch ice cream at around 12 am but did not return. The girl was sitting on the platform number one. Meanwhile, Siddiqui approached her and inquired why she was sitting there alone. He also told her that it was not safe to sit there alone and asked her to come to his house where she can meet his sisters.Siddiqui took the girl to the first floor of a public toilet and allegedly raped her. Later, the two minors also joined Siddiqui and raped the girl too. After the rape, they abandoned her and left. The girl was crying and found by the police. Based on her statement, the police visited the public toilet and arrested the trio. While Siddiqui has been sent to police custody for five days, the two minors have been sent to Dongri remand home. Siddiqui has been booked for kidnapping while all the three for are trying to establish if there is any connection between the trio and Kallu mama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028723", "title": "Shah panel team on third visit today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Officials got busy again at the state guest house here on Tuesday, a day before the arrival of the Shah Commission team for the third time to examine documents pertaining to the mining scam. Chief secretary, B K Patnaik, held a preparatory meeting with senior officials. The six-member team, during its second visit in the first week of October, had examined documents related to 93 mines.This time the team, during its stay till November 11, will go through the papers of 99 mines. Immediately after its arrival, the team will leave for Koida in Sundergarh to inspect mines, where beside the Joda area in Keonjhar, large-scale illegal mining took place in the past decade leading to enormous smuggling of natural resources and heavy loss of revenue. Informed sources said, the illegal mining in Koida area continued under the tacit patronage of Maoist activists, who regularly collected crores from smugglers.Ever since the scam surfaced and more particularly after the Centre constituted the judicial commission, headed by Justice M B Shah in 2010 to investigate the issue, the Naveen Patnaik government has been literally pushed to the wall. Apparently wary of being held responsible for failing to protect precious public property, the state government has since been announcing a series of measures to check ore smuggling.The government has issued notices to more than 70 mines asking them to deposit crores calculated at the present market price towards the cost of ore they extracted in excess of their approved plan between 2000 and 2010 within 30 days. Officials said the government is empowered to realize the money under Section 21 (5) of the MMDR Act. The government has also issued another set of notices to about a dozen mines, whose lease renewal is due, asking them to discontinue mining, if they have no plans for captive use of the ore. \"The notices are only an eyewash. They will not stand scrutiny in court. By issuing such directives to mines, the government has only created confusion in the mining sector as conditions were not attached while granting lease and more particularly the Centre has since clarified that excess mining in the lease hold area cannot be treated as illegal mining. The government's move will only force mine owners to move court,\" said B K Mohanty, former director of mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028461", "title": "Cracker factory blast kills three of family in Firozabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three members of a family died on the spot while two others suffered severe injuries in a blast that took place at an illegal firecracker manufacturing unit in Firozabad. The deceased include the owner of the unit, his wife and daughter.According to reports, the incident took place around 11.30 pm on Monday in Ganganagar locality under Rasoolpur police station of the city. Police said Devi Singh (45) - a resident of Ghazipur locality owned a plot in Ganganagar, and was into manufacturing of firecrackers for the past several years and operated from a room that he had built on his vacant plot.Late on Monday night, the residents of the area woke up to deafening sound of an explosion only to realise that the blast had taken place at the firecracker manufacturing unit. All three persons present inside the room were found dead with multiple fracture and burn injuries. The deceased were later identified as Devi Singh (45), his wife Guddi Devi (43) and daughter Rekha (17). Two persons, residing in houses adjacent to the unit and later identified as Anju and Pappu also suffered injuries. They were the first ones to reach the scene of the incident only to be hit by stray firecrackers that were shooting in every direction.The impact of the explosion was so strong that the entire unit was reduce to a heap of debris, pieces of which were thrown off as far as 50 metres from the scene of the blast. The blast triggered a major fire, which added to the destruction at the site of the mishap.Initial investigations revealed that Devi Singh used to procure a temporary licence for manufacturing fire crackers before Diwali and during the marriage season. But this time, he was yet to avail one. Some locals claimed that he had applied for the licence, but had not got it so far.Police said investigations were under way to decipher the quantity of explosive that was available at the unit when the blast took place. Bodies of the deceased have been sent for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027726", "title": "Action against 270 B Ed colleges for poor infrastructure", "text": "INDORE: Based on the investigation reports of the department of higher education and sub-divisional magistrates, the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) has initiated action against 270 B Ed colleges in state that lack facilities and infrastructure. The action is based on the decision of the council's western region committee.The council has shot of the letter to the directors of all the B Ed colleges in state, including 33 affiliated to Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya ( DAVV) alone, stating that department initiated action against them on the basis of three letters received from higher education department last year in October and November.Last year, the higher education department had ordered two different inspections of B Ed colleges after receiving complaints of not adhering to the required norms of the council for running the colleges. In an inspection, a joint team university and government college officials were asked to submit a report, while in another inspection SDMs were asked to submit their report based on the inspection. Later, the higher education department wrote to NCTE to take action against the unruly colleges.According to the sources, most of these colleges lack qualified teachers. Only a few colleges have teachers and principals appointed under the mandatory Code-28. Apart from this, fewer books in library is another problem the B Ed colleges faced.In 2008-09, petitions challenging recognition to hundreds of B Ed colleges in the state were moved in Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC). The petitioners had alleged that the NCTE had granted recognition to the colleges without carrying out proper inspections. The court found the allegations true and derecognized several colleges in the state.Due to the legal tangle, the state had to see session 2008-09 as \"zero year\". No admissions in BEd course were given in the year. Ever since, the DHE kept an eye on infrastructure, facilities and availability of teachers in BEd colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026443", "title": "Man held for killing cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: An inter-state criminal, who had killed a constable in Bharat Nagar some months ago, has been arrested. The accused, Arif (22) had a reward of Rs 50,000 on his arrest and was arrested from Mathura after a tip-off.\"Arif told police that he, and his associates of Mewat region, had killed constable Naresh in Bharat Nagar. Naresh was killed when he, along with a home guard, had tried to intercept the accused after they had stolen cattle from northwest Delhi,\" said DCP special cell, Sanjeev Yadav.\"The criminals from Mewat region move in groups of 6-10 in medium-sized vehicles. They indulge in cattle lifting, but off late they have been found to be involved in all kinds of crime ranging from murder, dacoity, robbery, rape theft and assault on policemen. They operate in Haryana, Delhi, UP and Rajasthan,\" added Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027712", "title": "33-yr-old dies in road accident", "text": "INDORE: A 33-year-old man killed in road accident and another sustained serious injuries at Nemawar Road here on Tuesday. The deceased has been identified as Ramakant Pathak, son of Prabhudayal Pathak. He was the resident of Gwalior and residing here in Sukhalia.According to police, Ramakant and his brother-in-law Gaurav Pathak were riding a motorbike, when a bus MP05 T0250 hit them. The impact was so severe that Ramakant died on the spot.Locals immediately informed police about the incident. They also tried to vandalise the bus, but timely response of police managed to control the people.The body was sent to district hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17026968", "title": "Power corporation engineers to learn Chinese", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) has sent its four engineers to learn Chinese at a China Embassy-run institute in New Delhi. The move comes as the corporation was forced to close two of its power plants in August due to the inability of its engineers to explain the reasons that had led to glitches there to the Chinese firms that supply them equipment.The corporation would also hire an interpreter-cum-language teacher to help engineers communicate better with Chinese suppliers of their equipments. \"We could not properly convey over the phone what the technical snags were as they would not understand English. So this is why decided to make our engineers speak and understand Chinese,\" said HPGCL managing director Anurag Agarwal. \"We have sent two engineers each from Hisar and Yamunanagar plants for the Chinese course. Other engineers will also have to follow suit.''The decisions were taken at an HPGCL meeting that Haryana power secretary Ajit Mohan Sharan chaired in August following glitches at power plants in Yamunanagar and Hisar districts. The plants had to be closed for days as the repair work could not be undertaken in time due to language barriers.Rakesh Harsh, an assistant engineer from Khedar power plant, said, \"Currently we are learning the language on weekends but I want to continue on my own after the course ends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17025956", "title": "Cyclone Nilam brings rain, cold weather", "text": "BANGALORE: If you're stepping out, don't forget to carry your umbrella. The meteorological department says the sudden drop in temperature on Tuesday will continue for the next two or three days and there'll be light to moderate rainfall in some areas.While the city woke up to a sunny Tuesday, the temperature dipped post-noon and Bangloreans were seen in warm clothes. \"I started the day in summer wear but after lunch, I noticed a drop in temperature. Although it wasn't too cold, I did need a jacket. It's a perfect evening for sipping hot coffee,\" said Kamelia Dutta, a resident of Shivajinagar.\"The sudden drop in temperature is due to Cyclone Nilam in the Bay of Bengal near Rameswaram. The core is travelling north, along the coast and inclined to the west. Due to the large area of coverage, the eastern part of Karnataka, coastal parts of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh will be affected. This will continue for two or three days,\" said MB Raje Gowda, professor of agro-meteorology, University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore.Experts say if the cyclone moves north, certain parts of Karnataka will get rainfall. \"Bangalore, Kolar, Tumkur, Chitradurga, Mandya, Mysore and Bellary will receive light to moderate rainfall,\" said Raje Gowda.Warning about the dip in temperature, Raje Gowda said Bangalore is experiencing it due to the north-east wind. \"The wind is coming from the tip of Russia , China and eastern states of India where the temperature is quite low. This has caused a drop in temperature here as well,\" said Raje Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17030053", "title": "Javed Miandad threatens legal action against Sarfaraz Nawaz", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's former captain and cricket board official Javed Miandad has threatened to sue ex-teammate Sarfaraz Nawaz for stating that he pushed for the inclusion of tainted players in the PCB.Miandad's warning to Nawaz came just a day after Pakistan's former Test pacer Ata ur Rehman said he had consulted his lawyers to send a notice to Nawaz for his comments.Nawaz was until recently employed as a coach by the board. His accusations came after the PCB recently appointed ex-Test spinner Akram Raza to the umpires panel and also appointed Rehman as coach for the FATA area.Miandad said he would warn Nawaz to be careful about what he says in future.\"I can deal with him in two ways but I will only advise him the judiciary is free and independent now and if he says anything more I will take action,\" Miandad said on Geo Super channel.He also made it clear he wouldn't like to go into the past of the former Test pacer who should avoid mud slinging.Miandad was also asked about the hefty salary he takes from the board and he defended it by saying he had turned down other lucrative offers to work in the PCB.\"I am committing no crime. I had got more lucrative offers to coach but I didn't accept them because I want to work in Pakistan cricket and contribute towards it. The figures quoted about the financial benefits I get in the board are not correct,\" he said.Miandad praised the efforts of PCB Chairman Zaka Ashraf insisting he had come with a clear vision to improve things in Pakistan cricket.He also made it clear that he had no personal grudges against anyone in the board including former Chairman Ijaz Butt with whom he didn't get along.\"I respect Ijaz Butt as an elder. I may have cricket related differences with him but that does not mean I have any enmity with him. As far as Zaka Ashraf is concerned he has clear vision and wants to do something for Pakistan cricket.\"During Butt's tenure, Miandad resigned after differences over policy matters but Ashraf recently gave more authority to the former captain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17026890", "title": "Gurgaon school hosts student robotics tourney", "text": "GURGAON: Over 70 schools from across North India will be participating in the annual robotics tournament, being held at Gurgaon's Shri Ram School on Wednesday. This will be the fourth edition of the event organized here annually.\"We have seen an exponential increase in participation over the years,\" said one of the organizers. The Inter-school Robotics Challenge 2012 will see students from all age-groups - junior, mid and senior levels - vying for the top prize. The scientist and poet Gauhar Raza will be the chief guest at the tournament, the winners of which will be judged by a separate panel of teachers from various institutions.The tournament will be held on the various 'problem arenas' set up at the venue, a puzzle that will have to be traversed, or solved, by 'manually controlled and autonomous robots' designed by the participating teams.\"Above all, the robotics challenge fosters an enthusiasm for science and mathematics among children, and initiates a spirit of innovation in them,\" said a representative of an experimental learning enterprise, Building Blocks Learning Solutions, which is organizing the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027550", "title": "UP don acquitted in 1992 revenge case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special TADA court on Tuesday acquitted an underworld don from UP, Brijesh Singh, alias Arun Kumar Singh Thakur in a murder case that had taken place in Mehsana in 1992.Thakur, who has been implicated in 23 cases in UP, was brought here in September 2010 in connection with three cases - Radhika Gymkhana massacre, Jharnia arms chache and the murder in Mehsana. Two years later, the underworld don now stands vindicated in all three cases, with being discharged earlier in two other cases.Thakur was accused of killing one Raghunath, who was a convict in the murder of Thakur's father. Thakur was alleged to have killed Raghunath for revenge for which he had allegedly sought help from erstwhile underworld dons like Dawood Ibrahim and Abdul Latif Sheikh. After killing Raghunath, Thakur allegedly attacked a cop, Hardev Zala, who tried to nab him while he was trying to escape with Latif's aid.Earlier, a TADA court tried 13 persons in this case and punished five with life imprisonment after convicting them in 1998. The conviction took place on the basis of confessional statements by four accused including Latif. However, the Supreme Court did not believe the confessions and acquitted all five later.In this backdrop, Thakur was tried. His lawyer Bharat Joshi said that all six eye witnesses turned hostile. tnn The relatives of Raghunath who were examined by prosecution also turned hostile, as they had done during the trial a decade ago. Moreover, since the SC did not believe the confessions, advocate Joshi raised the issue of its applicability in this trial.Besides, the court also did not believe the statement of injured witness Zala following discrepancy in his statements and versions. The court also did not rely on statement of investigating officer Mayur Chavda.Thakur was arrested in 2010 in a joint operation carried out by the Delhi, UP and Orissa police. After being brought to Gujarat, the city crime branch sought his remand to extract information to locate Dawood. The cops claimed that Thakur used to work as Dawood's sharp-shooter and sheltered Latif in UP while he was absconding. When lodged in Sabarmati Central Jail, the state government invoked section 268 of CrPC restricting his movement outside the prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027068", "title": "Union muscle takes a toll on highways", "text": "KOLKATA: National highways 2 and 6 that have been the catalyst to development in Bengal for the past decade have run into a speed-breaker.Trinamool Congress backed unions are blocking the modernization of three toll plazas that would have improved operational efficiency and reduced costs. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has been unable to collect toll at Dankuni and Palsit on NH2 and Rangpur near Kharagpur on NH6, leading to loss of Rs 36-40 lakh per day.\"The maintenance and development of national highways is dependant on the toll system. If that is disrupted, the fund system collapses. The imbroglio on NH2 and NH3 needs to be resolved quickly or else highways in Bengal are headed for trouble,\" an NHAI official said.According to NHAI, contractual staff who had been initially hired by the state government and then handed over to subsequent agencies manning the toll plazas had refused to move out, stalling the new agency from starting operations for more than a year.\"The Mumbai-based firm MEP Infrastructure Developer that won the tender to operate toll plazas at Dankuni, Palsit and Rangpur from November 2011 wanted to retrench 40% staff and restructure the pay. Obviously, we opposed it. Even if they ring in automation, they have to maintain 155 staff in each plaza,\" said union president Subir Mukherjee.MEP sought the help of law minister Moloy Ghatak, who leads the union at Palsit, but he made it clear that MEP had to absorb all employees. The firm refused and had to finally withdraw.\"In the earlier system, the contract was given to the agency that quoted the lowest fee. Toll was then collected by its staff and deposited with the bank's mobile collection van. However, in the new system, NHAI changed the norms and issued contracts to the party that offered to pay the highest revenue in advance. Naturally, companies that now win bids are keen to cut expenses, particularly so in Bengal where toll collection is lower than elsewhere as industrial activity is lower here,\" an official of another toll agency said.NHAI has to pay Rs 200 crore annually to Malaysian infrastructure firm Imus Expressway Pvt Ltd that built two stretches of NH2 between Dankuni and Palsit and between Palsit and Panagarh. Of the 15 year payment period, less than half has passed.With MEP unable to take over, Gladiator Services that had operating the toll plaza since 2008, continued to do the collection even after its term ended in October 2011 because the handover of charge did not happen. But with unions stalling the entry of MEP, NHAI has had to cease all operations at the three toll plazas.\"We have to float a fresh tender and hope the state helps clear the obstacle,\" an NHAI official said. Similar problems had plagued toll plazas on NH6 at Dhulagarh and Debra before the state intervened.Work on highway projects has already been severely disrupted in Bengal owing to problems with land acquisition. HCC that had bid for the four-laning project on NH34 (420 km between Barasat and Dalkhola), is stuck. So is the 154-km six-laning of NH2 between Panagarh and Barwandar near Dhanbad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031144", "title": "Anupam to turn director?", "text": "Anjan Dutt did it years back. After a successful career in music, he donned the director's hat and then came films like Chalo Let's Go, The Bong Connection, Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona and the Byomkesh series. Now we hear, another city musician is all set to tread 'Dutt' path. Buzz doing the rounds is that Anupam Roy is planning to direct a movie.A source close to Anupam said, \"The composer is inspired to direct films. He has been planning it for quite some time now, but nothing has been finalized as yet.\"When TOI got in touch with the composer, he, however, denied the news, \"I might have mentioned my desire to make a film to my friends, but it's not happening right away. Directing a film is my long-standing dream. I may think of it in the coming three-four years. Right now, it's only music for me and nothing else.\"If Anupam ultimately decides to make a film, he'll be joining the long line of Tolly actors, editors and musicians, who have turned to filmmaking. That would indeed be music to our ears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17028273", "title": "Special cell to keep tabs on irrigation projects in state", "text": "MUMBAI: In a letter issued to water resources secretary E B Patil early this month, the Central Water Commission, which comes under the Union water resources ministry, has asked the Mahrashtra government for information about all contracts over Rs one crore linked to these 17 projects across the state.Sources said that the Centre has formed a cell consisting ten officers of the Central Water Commission and recommended a senior CVC official to monitor irrigation projects in the state. \"The mandate of the cell will not be just restricted to performance audit, but also to inquire and investigate into various irregularities. The factual position of these projects will decide the course of future funding from the centre,'' said sources.The Union government has already suspended financial aid for state irrigation projects under the accelerated irriga-tion benefit programme (AIBP). The Centre's contribution is believed to be over Rs 2,000 crore annually for Maharashtra . The AIBP scheme, commenced in 1996, provides 25% of the project cost. This aid is primarily meant for projects stalled for want of funds. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had visited Vidarbha region in 2006 and announced a special grant of Rs 2,177 crore to complete major, medium and minor irrigation projects in the next three years. This aid was to mitigate the distressed farmers. However, these projects are still incomplete.A special performance audit of Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), submitted to the state assembly early this year, stated that of the 27 selected projects in six districts of Vidarbha, the distribution network including canal works and field channel works, were not started at all.\"Due to non-acquisition of land, forest clearance, non-rehabilitation of PAPs and non-completion of the projects already taken up within stipulated period of three years, the objective of the PM's package was not achieved. It also resulted in a cost overrun of Rs 415 crore up to March 2009, which further increased to Rs 811.89 crore by November 2011,'' said the CAG report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026551", "title": "Special squad to trace babies stolen from hospitals", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch on Tuesday formed a special team of ten personnel to trace abducted kids. The team was formed following directives from home minister R R Patil to set up a squad to look for kidnapped newborns.\"The team will focus only on abducted children cases. Besides tracing the kids, the department's will try to figure out the motive behind kidnapping children and to find out whether there is an active racket behind such incidents,\" Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime) told TOI. The home minister and BMC have also announced a Rs 1 lakh cash reward, each will give Rs 50,000, for the special squad. \"If the squad's performance is extraordinary, then it will get the reward from Patil and the mayor,\" said a release issued by the home department.Alarmed with rising cases of newborns being stolen from hospitals, Patil had held a meeting with BMC and police authorities. At the meeting Patil instructed that the high court guidelines to secure civic and government hospitals should be extended to private maternity homes as well. The HC had laid down a 23-point formula to tackle the menace. Few of the suggestions were upgrading security at hospitals and installation of CCTV cameras to have round the clock security watch on the movement of the hospital premises.The court even suggested use of biometric identification for newborns and matching tags for the kid and the mother. The guidelines were issued after a baby was stolen from the civic-run Sion hospital.The meeting chaired by Patil was attended by police chief Satyapal Singh, civic chief Sitaram Kunte, additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar and other senior police officials. After the meeting, Patil said if needed, the home department will deploy personnel from the state security corporation (SSC) at civic hospitals.\"Hospitals need to strengthen its women security force,\" Patil said.Meanwhile,Mayor Sunil Prabhu has asked BMC officials to prepare a report on the lapses at Wadia hospital and then a decision as to what action should be taken against them will be taken.HC GuidelinesInstall CCTV cameras at all entry and exit routes and sensitive areas of hospitals like neonatal, postnatal and pediatric wardsEntry doors of the above wards must be kept closed, and the entry must be restricted and regulatedGuards must be present 24 hours outside neonatal, postnatal and pediatric wardsFemale guards must be posted inside the three wardsPictures, addresses and other particulars of guards must be noted in the register in hospitalsStaff working in the three wards must have distinctive photo ID badges and must wear hospital uniforms", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "17028265", "title": "Faridkot Police seek DNA test of abduction accused", "text": "FARIDKOT: A day after it came to light that the minor girl is four weeks pregnant, Faridkot police moved an application in the district court, requesting permission to conduct a DNA test of accused Nishan Singh, who was sent in five-day police remand on Tuesday.Remanding Nishan Singh to police custody till November 3, the court reserved the decision on DNA test of the accused.Requesting remand of the accused, police had pleaded that the weapon used by the accused in the abduction of the minor girl was still to be recovered.Police on Sunday had got a medical examination of the girl done at Faridkot medical college after she complained of illness.The girl has been staying at the Jalanadhar-based Nari Niketan ever since she refused to accompany her parents home on October 23.She was rescued from Goa on October 21, almost a month after her abduction on September 24, from her house in Faridkot.Meanwhile, Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee (GVSAC), has cancelled its scheduled protest in Jalandhar on October 31 and instead, decided to hold a demonstration in Faridkot on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028670", "title": "Man in suicide pact with wife dies in hospital", "text": "PUNE: The 49-year-old man who consumed poison with his wife at Tukainagar in Vadgaon Budruk on Monday, died in aprivate hospital on Tuesday morning.Police suspect that Babasaheb Rindhe (49) and his wife took the extreme step because Babasaheb was not keeping good health for some years. Rindhe's wife Asha (45) died on Monday. The viscera of Babasaheb and his wife have been sent for chemical analysis.Babasaheb's brother found the couple lying unconscious in their house on Monday evening. They were rushed to a nearby private hospital where Asha was declared dead on arrival.Two more suicides on TuesdayTwo more cases of suicide were reported in Pimpri Chinchwad on Tuesday after four incidents were reported between Sunday and Monday in Pune city.In the first case, Sanjay Babar (30) of Nigdi Ota scheme, hanged himself by the ceiling at his house in the early hours of Tuesday. Sanjay's in-laws found him dead around 7.30 am. The Nigdi police said that Babar was a painting labourer. He had had a fight with his wife on Monday night following which his wife went to her parents' house. Police suspect that Babar committed suicide under the influence of alcohol.In an another incident, a 22-year-old working woman ended her life by hanging herself from the ceiling of her house at Sant Tukaramnagar in Talawade.The Dehu Road police have identified the deceased as Sonal Shantaram Bhalekar. The reason for the suicide is not known yet. Investigating officer Gokul Shinde told TOI that the incident took place around 3 pm on Tuesday. Sonal was standing outside her house chatting with relatives when suddenly she rushed inside and bolted the door. Her relatives got suspicious after she did not respond to their calls. On opening the window of the house, they found Sonal hanging to the ceiling.Shinde said that Sonal was learning computers. Recently her parents had got her a new computer. Her father is employed with a private company while mother works in a school.Housewife tries to kill self at PimpriA 22-year-old housewife consumed poison at her house in Pimpri following a quarrel with her husband. The Pimpri police said the victim, Jayashree Thorat, was rushed to the Yashwantrao Memorial Hospital and her condition is stable.Thief who jumped from 11th floor unidentifiedThe Swargate police are yet to ascertain the identity of the suspected thief who fell to death from the 11th floor of an under-construction building on Monday morning.The man had climbed to the 11th floor of the building in Mukundnagar to escape public and police who were hot on chase. He fell down accidently and died on the spot.Senior police inspector of Swargate police station Ram Pathare said the police have informed all the police stations in the city as well as in the Pune district. However, no has come forward to claim the body. Contact Swargate police station on telephone number 020-24452769 for information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028622", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation takes steps against spread of dengue", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has issued notices to 95 builders and scrap traders for storing water unsafely in the city. Also, mosquito larvae were found and destroyed at 40 places in an inspection drive during the last one month.The civic body has put up banners at 11 chowks and started distribution of pamphlets within the municipal limits to create awareness about measures to prevent spread of dengue.R B Chavan, health executive officer, PCMC, said, \"Officials and employees of the health department have checked 88,000 houses in the last one month for identification of mosquito-breeding places. As may as 2.24 lakh water containers like barrels, drums, utensils, scrap bottles and others were checked in the drive. We also inspected the premises of 424 puncture repair shops to check for mosquito-breeding places. We have issued notices to 95 builders and scrap traders for storing water unsafely. Mosquito larvae found in 40 places were destroyed.\"Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam told TOI on Thursday, \"The civic health department will put up banners at six more chowks and distribution of pamphlets will be completed in 10 days.\" He said the civic body has directed owners of workshops, industries and construction sites to take preventive measures like not storing water in the open.Chavan said the civic body has distributed one lakh pamphlets to create awareness about preventive measures. \"We will soon hold a meeting of puncture repair shop owners to sensitise them about dengue preventive measures. We will use loudspeakers mounted on rickshaws for our public awareness campaign,\" he said.Meanwhile, corporators cutting across party lines raised the issue of growing number of dengue cases in the city. Republican Party of India (Athavale group) corporator Chandrakanta Sonkamble from Dapodi said, \"The civic body reduced the expenditure incurred on fogging and spraying insecticides which has stalled preventive measures in various parts of the city despite repeated complaints.\"She also demanded that the health department prepare a weekly area-wise chart about the daily schedule of fogging and spraying of insecticides giving information about areas, names and contact numbers of employees who will do the fogging. This schedule must be given to the local corporators in advance, she added.She said that water stored in large quantities in the open at construction sites act as mosquito-breeding spots and said the civic body must take action against builders doing so. Sonkamble and Nationalist Congress Party corporator Sonali Jam demanded that fogging and spraying of insecticides be conducted in all parts of the city to prevent spread of dengue.A civic health official said that efforts were being made to contact all private hospitals for getting consolidated information about dengue patients in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17028226", "title": "HC throws out builders' plea against VAT levy", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday dismissed a bunch of petitions challenging the state government's decision to charge builders a 5% Value Added Tax on buildings that were under construction from June 20, 2006 to March 31, 2010. The ruling came a day before the October 31 deadline to pay the tax.\"There is no merit in the challenges,\" said a division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Rajesh Ketkar, while adding, \"A wide degree of latitude was enjoyed by the legislature in tax matters.\" The court held that the composition scheme formulated by the state in two circulars of August and September 2012 were not against the Constitution.Builders had challenged the state's decision on grounds that it discriminated between buildings built before and after 2010. As per the state's composition scheme, developers of buildings under construction from 2006 to 2010 should pay VAT at 5% of the Works Contract, which includes the cost of construction and excludes the land value, amount paid to subcontractor , service charges, etc. But for buildings under construction from April 2010, builders have to pay VAT of only 1% of the total agreement's value.No respite for flat buyersFlats sold in buildings under construction from June 20, 2006 to March 31, 2010 will attract VAT of 5% of the Works Contract Flats sold in buildings under construction from April 1, 2010 will attract VAT of 1% of the agreement value Builders must pay VAT on the 2006-10 flats by today or pay annual 15% penalty Builders say they will pass on cost to buyers 'Assessing officer can decide on contract type'Buyers who purchased flats that were under construction from 2006 to 2010 are seeing builders pass on the costs to them. There have been reports of builders demanding that flat buyers deposit the money with them or face a penalty. While the builders are supposed to pay VAT of 5% on just the Works Contract, experts say that flat buyers are being charged 5% on the total agreement of the flat.The VAT applies only to under construction buildings and not those that were ready with Occupation Certificates when flats were sold.The builders were led by the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry-Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (MCHI-Credai ) and Pune-based Marathi Bandkam. The court said that it was \"far-fetched\" to assume that the government had applied the April 2010 date inadvertently. The court ruled that the state had the right to frame a scheme and determine the cutoff date for bringing it into effect.However, the court held out a ray of hope by saying the order would not come in the way of the state taking any decision to hear the pleas of developers who wanted the post-April 2010 scheme made applicable to buildings under construction from 2006 to 2010.The court also said that, if the builder raised the issue, the assessing officer (sales tax) could decide on whether a particular type of development contract was not a Works Contract. VAT would not be applicable if it was not a Works Contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17026679", "title": "Fire at Dombivli plant", "text": "Thane: A major incident was averted due to prompt action of the fire department, as major fire broke out in oil paint manufacturing unitnamed Narco Chemical situated near residential areas in Dombivli east on Tuesday early morning.Nearly 40 fire engines from Kalyan, Dombivli, Bhiwandi, Ulhasnagar, Thane and Navi Mumbai rushed to douse a fire at a chemical company in Dombivli (E) early on Tuesday. TNncaught fire at around 1.15 am on Tuesday.According to Manpada police officials, th reason behind fire is still to ascertain but fire took place late night when no one was inside theNarco Chemical company and only a security guard was posted outside factory who first noticed fire took place inside factory andimmediately informed to fire department and police officials.After getting call fire brigade officials immediately from Dombivli MIDC reached on spot to control fire but as fire was big as theyrequired additional fire machines from other fire department and subsequently they called fire machines from neighboring areas.After call many fire machines reached on spot who started control from every sides and it took around 6 hours to control fire as it was controlled at around 7 am in the morning.Importantly, the factory even though situated in MIDC phase two of Dombivli but it is nearby densely populated residential area andtherefore, the mishap could have proved hazardous for several lives.Local resident Babu Gupta, who lives in Sankeshwar building said, \"I was sleeping in night, when I heard sound of explosion I am woke up and when I am seen from my balcony found fire was caught in factory and drums full of chemical exploded and they fell on the roofs of my building's terrace\".Ramesh Patil, local MLA who also visited on spot said, \"The fire was very big but timely action by fire brigade department who immediately after reaching started controlling fire otherwise the incident could be moreworst\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027685", "title": "Slum-dwellers will be given property rights: Maken", "text": "NEW DELHI: Housing and urban poverty alleviation minister Ajay Maken on Tuesday said slum-dwellers would be rehabilitated in the same neighbourhood as far as possible and would be given legal property rights over their dwellings.After taking charge as minister, Maken said, \"We plan to rehabilitate those living in slums in the vicinity of a five km radius where in situ rehabilitation is not possible.\" He added that shifting the poor away from their source of livelihood would not solve the problem.Slum-dwellers will also be given legal, long-term property rights which will be bankable. Maken said state governments would be asked to issue an executive order within a year to provide property rights to slum-dwellers till the model bill on the issue was cleared.As land comes under the jurisdiction of states, the ministry will link disbursement of central funds with implementation of reforms, including property rights to slum-dwellers, amending rent control act and reserving 15-20% of floor area ratio (FAR) or 35% of dwelling units for economically weaker sections.Keeping an eye on the next general election, Maken outlined several ambitious plans targeting the urban poor and slum-dwellers which he hoped to implement in the 18 months time left with the government.However, it will be interesting to see whether the minister will be able to implement them as cooperation of state governments will be crucial.Maken said a Model Property Rights to Slum Dwellers Bill, 2011 will be passed at the earliest and states would be expected to enact their laws based on it within a year. \"We want the states to implement its provisions through an executive order and provide property rights to slum-dwellers,\" he added.He said provisions for providing bank loans for construction of the units would also be part of the order.Hoping that his ministry will get Rs 80,000 crore during the 12th five-year plan, Maken said the National Urban Livelihood Mission was also a focus area for him to protect the rights of vendors who should not be displaced.\"The Real Estate Regulation Bill is also in an advanced stage and will be brought in the winter session of Parliament,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028497", "title": "Probe demanded into graft charges by cop against police chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior IPS officer Amitabh Thakur has demanded a high level probe into allegations of corruption leveled against the Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) hierarchy, beginning with its chief, by a deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Vijay Kumar Sharma, last posted at 38th battalion PAC in Etah prior to his suspension. The demand has been made in a letter sent by the UP cadre IPS, in his individual capacity, to the chief secretary and principal secretary (Home) on Tuesday.In his letter, Thakur has referred to a Supreme Court order in Ratan Lal Sharma versus Managing Director 1993 (4SCC) 727 case, stating that the principles of natural justice demand a thorough probe into the allegations leveled by the DySP a very senior officer who should not be from the UP Police as the allegations are leveled against none other than the state police chief.The origin of the entire controversy dates back to a meeting called by the inspector general of police (IG) Kanpur Zone which DySP Sharma was supposed to attend when he was Circle Officer (CO) City in Etah. The DySP was late for the meeting and when questioned by the IG about the reason for delay, he supposedly gave excuses which were dismissed as \"a bundle of lies\" by the IG. Responding to the IG's comment, the DySP had then allegedly retorted: \"Police jeep se hi aana padta hai .... Sarkar ne koi hawai jahaz to diya nahin hai ki ud kar pahunch jayen\" (We have to travel by police jeep. The government has not provided us with an aircraft we can fly down to the meeting venue on). This led to his immediate transfer from the post of CO City Etah.Sharma, however, alleged that he was shunted out of Etah district police after he refused to exclude the names of a Samajwadi Party (SP) leader in a dowry death case. \"The district police chief wanted me to exclude the name of the leader saying that the local SP MLA had been mounting pressure on him but I refused and thereafter I was shunted out,\" Sharma alleged.The official said his gunners were withdrawn and he was denied leave even though he had suffered a fracture in his shoulder after he met with a mishap while on duty. \"My pleas to the state police chief and other senior officials did not yield result,\" said Sharma, who is nearing retirement.Though director general of police (DGP) AC Sharma did not react to the allegations, inspector general (Law and Order) B P Singh termed them baseless. \"Deputy SP Vijay Kumar Sharma, who made the allegations, was transferred to Aligarh from Etah on July 19 on charges of not complying with orders of seniors,\" Singh said. Sharma had filed a writ petition in the court against the transfer order, he said, adding that on July 27, the High Court disposed of the writ. The officer joined Aligarh after two months and 10 days of the transfer order, due to which his salary for three months could not be released as no decision has been taken yet on his absence from duty, said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kullu", "code": "17028276", "title": "Ramayana relived in Kullu, 'Lanka' set aflame", "text": "KULLU: Unlike the rest of the country, Dussehra in Kullu is a grand enactment of deities and their exploits. Here, the holy extravaganza concluded with the mythical Lanka being set alight. Only, this Lanka was made of grass and shrubs, not gold. The climactic destruction of the city was preceded by an impressive procession of as many as 250 deities, with Lord Raghunath occupying pride of place.Devotees pulled the chariot of Lord Raghunath and the other deities to the Lanka Bekar river near Beas, where all the due ceremonies were performed. Protocol was maintained with the palanquin of Goddess Hidamba participating in the rituals and the others being stopped at a distance. The Goddess is considered the grand matriarch of the royal family of Kullu, which hosts the festival. She is supposed to start and end the festivities with certain rituals. Finally, heaps of grass and shrubs were burnt as a symbol of the destruction of Lanka.The music of drums and trumpets to the accompaniment of ecstatic shouts invoking the deities had a trance like effect. After everyone paid obeisance to Lord Raghunath, palanquins of the deities were taken back to their respective temples, with ardent devotees in toe. International cultural programmes complemented the festivities perfectly. The seven-day-long Kullu Dussehra began on October 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027289", "title": "Inspector general submits criteria for prisoners' release", "text": "PANAJI: The inspector general (IG) of prisons has submitted a proposal to the government to consider the release of prisoners who have completed sentences of 14 years in jail and recommended that there be remission of a maximum of two years for those prisoners who have completed 50% of their sentence.The government is mulling on releasing around 50 prisoners in view of Goa's Golden Jubilee celebration. IG prisons has submitted a proposal with four categories of prisoners to be considered for release.As per the recommendation of the IG prisons, a prisoner who is sentenced to life on conviction in a case (for an offence for which death is also one of the punishment provided by laws who are covered under Section 433 A CrPC) and have completed actual sentence of 14 years and all the cases which have been recommended by the state sentence review board may be accepted for release.The other recommendation is all prisoners sentenced for more than 10 years and who have served three-fourths of their sentence should be released.'All prisoners who have been convicted for five to 10 years and who have undergone 50% of sentence should be considered for maximum remission up to two years, may be awarded,' stated the proposal.The proposal also recommended those prisoners who have a sentence of imprisonment for less than five years, should be considered for granting a six months remission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17028876", "title": "Felicitated 'topper' faked CBSE marksheet", "text": "BOKARO: Student Alok Abhishekh, who was felicitated by state government officials and Bokaro Public School (BPS) in August for coming out as the second state topper in the science stream in All India Senior Secondary Certificate Examination (AISSCE), has been found to have procured a fake marksheet bought for Rs 1,400. TOI had on August 19 reported that Abhishekh emerged as the state's second topper after his answerscripts were revaluated by CBSE officials (in picture).The CBSE, after conducting an inquiry, announced that the marksheet produced by Abhishekh is fake and Ujjwal Sengupta of Ayyappa Public School remains second rank holder in Jharkhand. BPS principal Hemlata Biswas had then lauded CBSE's revaluation method and said that it protects a student from whimsical evaluators and erroneous data-entry operators. Abhishekh, whose earlier result displayed 77.6%, became the state's second spot holder with 97.4% after the revaluation.The revelation has also been damning for BPS, which had celebrated Abhishekh's 'achievement' as a milestone for the school. BPS, which is now claiming that they were unaware of the manipulation, had organised a function to felicitate Abhishekh and invited Chas SDO Sanjay Singh as the chief guest. Singh, along with the BPS director R C Yadav, had handed over a certificate of appreciation and a laptop to Abhishekh.CBSE, however, took cognizance in this regard and conducted an inquiry after reports of Abhishekh success were published in TOI. Tarun Kumar, CBSE's assistant secretary (Patna region), had immediately contacted BPS authorities and asked them to submit the revised result to his office. \"During inquiry, we found that Abhishekh had never even applied for scrutiny and had obtained a fake marksheet by paying Rs 1,400 to professional forgers,\" said Kumar.Yadav said that that school was kept in dark by Abhishekh in this matter and no teacher helped him get the marksheet. \"Their only fault is that they blindly believed him and did not verify his revised marksheet before felicitating him. Abhishekh was a good student and we had no reason to doubt him when he showed us the marksheet. That was our mistake and had we rechecked his papers, we would not have to face such embarrassment. The school has, however, taken back the certificate and laptop awarded to him,\" said YadavA K Karan, a government employee and father of Abhishekh said his son had gone to CBSE's office in Patna and applied for scrutiny giving a person Rs 1400. The person called Abhishekh after a month and handed him the marksheet saying that his marks has been increased in re-totaling. The boy's father told TOI that his son is currently studying at Bengal Engineering and Science University (BESU), where he secured admissions on the basis of an entrance exam and not with the CBSE marksheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028118", "title": "Share autos make the most of rain, commuters suffer", "text": "CHENNAI: Share auto commuters were the worst hit in Tuesday's rains. Many share autos, especially in north Chennai, were crammed with commuters as they made their way on battered roads. Passengers in north Chennai said they were worried about their safety but had no alternative because of the poor frequency of MTC buses and the exorbitant fares charged by the regular auto drivers.Transport officials said a share auto driver was authorized to carry only five commuters, but many of them packed anywhere from seven to 12 passengers into the vehicle, taking advantage of the fact that there is little or no regulation. \"Many share autos now even have conductors to collect money from the commuters. These conductors force commuters to make adjustments within the space inside the vehicle. If we resist, they use bad words\" said Nirmala Kumar, a commuter on Thiruvotriyur High Road.On Tuesday, several stretches in north Chennai including Thiruvottiyur High Road, Royapuram, Kasimedu, Tondiarpet and Madhavaram were damaged and waterlogged. Passengers were perched on the edge of the seats or hanging on to the bars of the vehicles. Many passengers complain that lack of enforcement by traffic police is the main problem, which leaves them at the mercy of auto drivers. J Arumugam of South Mada Street said: \"During the rain, we are unable to walk on the road because of flooded drains. Despite repeated complaints no action has been taken.\"But share auto unions in the city have another story to tell. S Elumalai, president of AITUC Share Autorickshaw Drivers' Union, said: \"We are not overloading passengers. People are keen to use share autos because of better accessibility and also the affordable rates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027866", "title": "Lord Rama's coronation held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The coronation of Lord Rama of Pajawa Ramleela Committee was organised with much fanfare in the city. People in large numbers gathered at Pajawa grounds to watch the programme.Before the start of the programme, 51 Brahmans recited Vedic mantras as Lord Ram ascended the throne. Next, priest Prakash Narayan Saraswat performed the tilak of Lord Rama and his brothers. As Rama seated on the throne, slogans of 'Jai Shri Ram' rented the air.On the occasion, municipal commissioner R Vikram Singh garlanded Lord Rama, Laxman, Bharat, Shatrughan, Sita and Hanuman.Bhajan singer Prem Prakash Dubey presented many bhajans on the occasion. Artists from Patna also presented religious songs. Vishwa Bhandu troupe presented a ballet on Bharat Milap.Those present on the occasion included Mohanji Tandon, Amitabh Tandon, Amit Kapoor, Shayamji Agarwal, Giri Shankar Prabhakar and Om Prakash Sethi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17027702", "title": "3-year-old girl dies in fire", "text": "PATNA: A three-year-old girl, Chandni, died as fire broke out in her hut at Adalatganj slum here on Tuesday afternoon.Ritwik, 10, the eldest son of Devrani and Chandni's brother, was cooking at their hut when the fire broke out from the stove. Raman Kumar, SHO, Kotwali, said, \"Chandni was sleeping inside the hut when the fire broke out. The fire burnt about half-a-dozen huts of the slum.\" Devrani was not in the hut when Ritwik was cooking. One fire tender was rushed to the spot, which controlled the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17031233", "title": "Shashi Tharoor should be made 'minister of love affairs': BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a jibe at the newly-appointed minister of state for HRD Shashi Tharoor over his comment against Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi that \"you need to be able to love someone to understand that\", Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Wednesday said the former should be made 'minister of love affairs'.Naqvi was reacting on Tharoor's reply to Modi for criticizing his wife during a public rally in Himachal Pradesh.\"I think that it is not necessary to answer to all what he says. But I am very much impressed by his answer in which he has said that 'you need to be able to love someone to understand that'. I think a ministry of love affairs should be made for such an 'international love guru' so that the nation can gain from his wisdom and preaching,\" he said.Naqvi, however, said that it is not a matter of national debate.Criticizing Modi for attacking him personally by calling his wife a '50-crore girlfriend', Tharoor earlier on Tuesday said the former need to love someone to understand what he said.Tharoor tweeted that his wife was worth a lot more than Modi's imaginary 50 crores.\"My wife is worth a lot more than your imaginary 50 crores. She is priceless. But you need2be able2love some1 2understand that,\" he tweeted.In an apparent attack on Tharoor's wife Sunanda Pushkar, Modi at an election rally on Monday said: \"Wah kya girlfriend hai. Apne kabhi dekha hai 50 crore ka girlfriend?\" (What a girlfriend? Have you ever seen a 50-crore girlfriend)?\"Modi had said: \"There was a Congress leader who was a minister. He was accused of amassing wealth from cricket. He had said in Parliament that he is not connected to the Rs 50 crore in the lady's name\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026578", "title": "Work on Itwari railway overbridge gathers pace", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of north-east Nagpur can expect elief from frequent traffic jams near the existing narrow railway overbridge (ROB) near Itwari railway station as work on Itwari ROB being built by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has gathered pace.Sources in NMC's public works department told TOI that finally the South East Central Railway has given permission to take over its 24 metre land on lease required to construct the remaining patch of ROB over the Nagpur-Kolkata railway track.The construction of Y-shaped ROB connecting Itwari with Mahdibagh and Shanti Nagar was started in 2009 and was supposed to complete in February 2010. Some portion of the railway land is required to construct pillars on it. When the NMC applied for permission, SECR's head office in Bilaspur referred the matter to railway ministry in Delhi.This led to delay in approval for leasing of land and the project got delayed, said a source adding that the project deadline has been revised twice. Mayor Anil Sole's pursuing the matter got the railway ministry's nod and recently a team of NMC's senior officials visited SECR's Bilaspur office and got final approval. Against the land, NMC will pay Rs 3.56 crore to SECR.Sources said the civic body has already completed the approach ramp of the ROB from Mahdibagh and Itwari end. Only the portion from Shanti Nagar has not yet started. With SECR's nod, NMC has commenced the work to construct pillars. Sources said the NMC is planning to close the road for three months and if it happens the work will be completed within eight months.Meanwhile, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane reviewed the ongoing work of Anand Talkies railway underbridge. It is supposed to open for traffic on November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam/chennai", "code": "17026461", "title": "Cyclone Nilam expected to hit TN, Andhra today", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM/CHENNAI: Cyclone Nilam is expected to make a landfall between Nagapattinam in Tamil Nadu and Nellore in Andhra Pradesh on Wednesday afternoon or evening, bringing with it heavy torrential rains in the coastal region. Squally winds with speeds reaching 45-55kmph will hit southern AP and the gust could hit a speed of 65kmph off northern TN in the next 12 hours.No loss to life or property was reported after heavy rains lashed coastal Andhra on Tuesday evening. The state government set up control rooms to monitor the Nilam's path. About 1.5 lakh people along the coast have been evacuated to safer areas.The wind speed is expected to increase gradually as Nilam nears the coast, the sea will be very rough along Nellore and Prakasam districts and fishermen have been told not to venture into the waters. According to the India Meteorological Department (IMD), the cyclonic storm is located 450km south-southeast of Chennai.Most of Tamil Nadu received heavy rain from Sunday night. In Nagapattinam district, two fishermen went missing at sea, and about 25,000 fishermen have stayed on shore after the administration issued a cyclone alert. Heavy rain was recorded in Tiruvarur, Trichy, Thanjavur, Perambalur, Ariyalur, Karur and Pudukkottai districts, and in the Union Territory of Puducherry. Cyclone shelters and relief centres are being prepared in Puducherry.Chennai port has issued a level 7 danger warning. Warnings are measured on a scale of one to 11, with 11 denoting failure of communication due to a cyclone. Nagapattinam port has put out a level 5 warning. Warning signal number 5 was hoisted at Puducherry and Cuddalore ports.The Chennai Port Trust sent 10 vessels to the outer seas following the cyclone alert on Tuesday. \"It is a precautionary decision to send all vessels to the outer seas during bad weather to avoid collisions and damage to the port infrastructure. We have also secured cranes and other equipment against strong winds,\" said Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra. At least 14 vessels, including those sailing towards Chennai, have been told to anchor outside the port.\"Rainfall will increase from scattered to heavy and extremely heavy in both AP and TN. The rains will lash for the next 36 hours,\" said M Mohapatra, director of IMD's cyclone warning division in Hyderabad. He said when the cyclone makes landfall, there would be a surge of tidal waves up to a height of 1 metre. Weather officials said isolated extremely heavy rainfall in the region is possible during the subsequent 36 hours. \"Disruption in communication lines and uprooting of electric poles and trees is possible during the landfall,\" said a senior official.Coastal Andhra's Nellore, Prakasam, Krishna and West Godavari districts have been put on high alert. Control rooms have been opened in these districts. Nellore district collector B Sridhar said the revenue staff in 23 tehsils has been put on alert. High alert has been sounded in 70 sensitive villages in the district. Rapid Action Force personnel were stationed in Nellore. Maipadu and Kodur beaches have been closed for visitors.In Krishna, which is a high cyclone-prone district, collector Buddha Prakash Jyothi opened control rooms in mandal revenue offices. In Singarayakonda area in Prakasam district, high tides were witnessed in the morning causing alarm among people. Eleven mandals in Prakasam were on alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027502", "title": "IIM-A simulates FDI impact", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad (IIM-A) have created a war-game on the recent policy initiative of the Indian government of permitting foreign direct investment (FDI) in the sector. The game aims to give multinational companies like Walmart an idea about the issues they are likely to face in India without carrying out lengthy, expensive market surveys.The simulation-based game has been designed to throw up real life issues faced by foreign companies once they begin operations in India and help them in better contingency planning to react to the competitor's counter-moves.The game can also help people verify whether farmers will actually benefit from FDI from a particular company, government's claims of investments in cold chains and infrastructure and can also tell companies about the challenges and risks involved in a particular location.Divanshu Dubey, one of the students who created this game, said, \"The game can be a low cost exercise for foreign companies planning to enter India as it gives them a fair idea of what are the chances of success, people's reactions to the company's products, areas where the company is likely to face opposition, among other things.\"The game will be introduced during X-Biz, the annual business competition organized by students of Post Graduate Program in Management for Executives (PGPX) at IIM-A. X-Biz will be held on November 2, 2012 as part of ConneXion 2012, the flagship business conclave of the business school. Teams playing the game will engage in debate, role play and devise a strategy for the companies involved. Students will be mentored by experts from the industry and policy makers, who will also verify the strategies.A war game typically shows what will happen on the ground. Simulation-based games are used by banks and companies who hire consultants to carry out the exercise. \"It is quite a deviation from the typical business plan or case competition format for such events. There could be a lot of revelations from the industry through this game. The cream of business school students will participate in X-Biz, which will ensure that all the pros and cons of FDI are brought to the fore objectively,\" said Dubey, whose career in the Indian Army helped him create a base for the game.The students are also considering a publication on the game, which may be displayed at IIM-A's Centre for Retailing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026397", "title": "Ex-sr cop stops truck with 29 animals, booked", "text": "MUMBAI: An FIR was lodged on Monday against former assistant commissioner of police Samsher Pathan and 20 others for stopping vehicles carrying 29 animals, rejected for slaughter from Deonar abbatoir.Pathan and his aides were shown absconding and booked for unlawful assembly, wrongful restraint and not allowing a public servant to perform his duty. \"I am not absconding. They should come and arrest me,\" he said . tnnCops let him go after paying a paltry sum. I stood up for a good cause and now I am being held responsible.\"Senior inspector Prahlad Panaskar said Pathan and his aides took law in their hands despite knowing that legal procedures has been carried out properly after the 29 cattles were given VDR certificationThe cattles are taken out of the city limit and kept outside so that it will not be slaughtered. Later the cattle will be handed over to the owners. We had done proper case against the truck driver. The vehicles were stopped despite Pathan knew that the BMC and doctors certification has been procured. He stopped the vehicle that was escorted in presence of police vehicle out of Mulund locality,\" said Panaskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028773", "title": "BJD MLA forced dead lady doc's transfer: Cong", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Congress has accused BJD's Brahmagiri MLA Sanjay Dasburma of putting pressure to shunt lady doctor Madhabilata Pradhan, who was found dead on a railway track near Puri on October 12. Police are yet to ascertain the cause of her death.Hundreds of Mahila Congress activists, led by president Bijaylaxmi Sahoo on Tuesday staged demonstration in front of Puri SP's office and demanded judicial probe into the circumstances leading to the doctor's mysterious death.\"The doctor was mentally tortured by Dasburma, who put pressure on Puri chief district medical officer (CDMO) to transfer her from a hospital in Brahmagiri area to Kanas community health centre in Puri district where she had been working as an Ayurveda doctor since the past seven months,\" Sahoo said. \"We want judicial inquiry into her death,\" he added.Dasburma admitted that he recommended her transfer from Brahmagiri to Kanas. \"Since she had served for nearly three years in Brahmagiri, I recommended the Puri CDMO to transfer her to Kanas, only 16 km from Brahmagiri,\" Dasburma told TOI. \"Again I wrote another letter to the CDMO asking him to cancel her transfer. I had earlier recommended her transfer following the demand of local people,\" he said. But Dasburma refused to reveal why local people made such a demand to him.He scotched the allegation of mentally torturing the doctor. \"I never tried to harass the doctor. I did not have any personal grudge. The allegation is baseless,\" said Dasburma, adding \"I demand CBI probe into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17028654", "title": "Testing of Ram Jhula cables on Nov 5", "text": "NAGPUR: If the officials of Afcons Infrastructure Limited, executing the construction work of the six-lane cable-stayed bridge at Santra Market are to be believed, the ROB will not be completed before 2015.At a meeting organized at the initiative of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA) led by its secretary Tejinder Singh Renu to know about the project status, Afcons assistant general manager (AGM) Arun Kumar said the first phase comprising three lanes shall be operational after one year in October 2013.The second phase comprising the adjoining bridge shall be completed in next 15 months i.e. 2015. The total cables required for project is 150 tonnes (75 tonnes for each three-lane stretch). The first consignment of 50 tonnes has been dispatched from Japan on October 19. Earlier, the cables were to come from South Africa and then from Spain.Kumar said on November 5, an MSRDC team from Nagpur will visit Bangalore for testing of cables in the laboratory.On the phase-wise construction and execution plan to be carried out till October 2014, Kumar admitted that Afcons have not prepared the same yet but promised to submit a detailed copy of the same in the first week of November.The meeting was chaired by MSRDC superintendent engineer J V Nikose. Deputy general manager of RITES S B Chaudhari, Hemant Trivedi, Amarjeet Singh Chawla and Rajesh Kanoongo from VTA were present.During the meeting, VTA put up several issues to which there are no answers. On the major issue of traffic movement plan at Jaistambh Square, RITES officials admitted that traffic plan was prepared in 2004 when work on flyover was not started. Thereafter, no traffic plan has been prepared.Nikose also admitted that after completion of new flyover, traffic will go haywire. RITES agreed to prepare a traffic plan immediately at Jaistambh Square. On land acquisition, officials informed that some portion of land on the eastern side of the station still needs to be acquired.Officials also informed that Jaistambh will be required to be shifted but nothing concrete has been done on this. The project is also likely to require defence land but there is no move to acquire the same. \"These hurdles can further delay the project,\" feared Renu.VTA had filed an intervention application in July 2012 on a PIL in the High Court for timely completion of Ram Jhula. The MSRDC and Afcons have submitted an undertaking to the court that entire project shall be completed before October 30, 2014.When VTA members asked Afcons officials why ROB work is not in progress, Arun Kumar said work is going on at Hingna workshop. Once cables arrive, work will be started on war-footing.The Afcon officials promised in December major additions will be done. However, the work will be expedited because of ongoing assembly session.Renu cautioned if it is observed that the project is being delayed for one reason or the other, VTA will seek justice from the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17028801", "title": "Odisha Ranji team announced", "text": "CUTTACK: Right hand batsman Natraj Behera will lead a 15-member Odisha team in the league stages of the Ranji Trophy tournament to start on November 2 at Cuttack, announced Odisha Cricket Association Asirbad Behera on Monday.Odisha will take on star-studded Tamil Nadu team at Driems cricket ground. All-rounder Biplab Samantray has been selected as the vice-captain of the team. Young players have been given chance in the team to showcase their talent while senior players like Niranjan Behera and Bikash Pati have been given a miss by the selectors. Spinner Anil Buda and batsman Sandip Mulia will make their debut in the Ranji season. \"We have selected a well-balanced team and are hopeful that the team will put up a good show this season,\" said Behera. He further stated that all the players are in good form.The selectors have included three all-rounders Rakesh Mohanty, Dipak Behera and Biplab Samantray in the squad which will face the strong Tamil Nadu team. The Odisha team had put up a poor show in the last season of Ranji tournament and was crashed out of the tournament in the first stage itself. Meanwhile, the Tamil Nadu team arrived in the state on Monday to play the tournament. The team is studded with international cricketers like R Ashwin, L Balaji and Murali Vijay .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "haldia/kolkata", "code": "17026972", "title": "CM says all's well at Haldia", "text": "Haldia/KOLKATA: Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT), the embattled cargo handling firm at Haldia port, is preparing to move high court on Wednesday in the wake of the alleged kidnap of three of its senior officials. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , however, insists that all is well at the port.The CM, who had been silent on the month-long controversy, spoke up on Tuesday, but only to accuse the media. \"Everything is fine at Haldia. A certain section of the media has turned it into its personal agenda. I don't even know whether the company is interested in carrying out business here. I will have to study the matter. The section of the media, which claims law and order has collapsed in Haldia, doesn't run the government. That is best left to us. Let the media spread whatever canards it wishes to. The police are doing their job,\" she said.MP Subhendu Adhikary echoed his party chief, saying: \"We have not got involved in any destructive politics at Haldia. We aren't concerned who the contractor is but workers must get their just dues. Work is going on in full swing at 10 berths,\" he said.The HBT says it is evaluating its options. \"We will present the happenings of the night (of the alleged kidnapping) before the court. We believe that this will be ample evidence that the situation in Haldia is not conducive to carry out business any longer,\" said an official of the firm.Three HBT staffers say they were abducted from Sankhini Complex in Haldia between 11.30pm on Sunday and 1.30am on Monday. SP Sukesh Jain continues to deny that there was \"any violence\" during the period. But TOI found witnesses who corroborated the mob attack and kidnap claim. It is yet to be ascertained who orchestrated the violence, though.Bushan Patil, a senior HBT officer, occupied Flat B2 in Sankhini Complex with his wife and infant daughter. Patil's colleagues Jagadish Behara and Captain Manpreet Jolly also stayed at the flat often. According to a security guard at the complex, there were three attacks on the night of Sunday-Monday.\"Around 11.30pm, three persons tried to force their way in but we did not allow them. They returned around midnight and attacked us but the residents came out and called police, who dispersed the mob. Around 1.30am, a mob of 40-50 people stormed the gates, broke the locks and climbed to the second floor,\" said the guard.Another resident of the complex said the mob banged on his door to know where the HBT staffers live. \"Some of us tried calling up the police outpost but there was no response,\" he said. Another resident said he saw the occupants of Flat B2 being bundled into a vehicle by the mob and that bike gangs rode up to the complex later that day to warn residents against speaking to the police.The police don't seem to have visited the complex after the incident or spoken to residents. They seem more interested in investigating a complaint lodged by some workers against HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi, Jolly and two others.The state government came under fire from CPM and Congress. \"Why did the KoPT's board of trustees go for selective appointment of members? Why isn't Haldia generating its desired revenue? A thorough investigation needs to be done,\" said leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra. State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya threatened to launch a statewide agitation against the alleged malpractices at the port. Citu state president Shyamal Chakraborty demanded the Centre's intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17027784", "title": "Bank manager accused of fraud", "text": "BAHRAICH: A case of embezzlement of funds has been registered against a branch manager of Allahabad Bank at Katra Bazar police station for withdrawing money unlawfully from kisan credit card.Police said Ramjug, resident of Tilka village under Katra Bazaar police station, stated in his application that he availed a kisan credit card from the Katra Bazar branch of Allahabad bank on September 1 with credit facility of Rs 24,000. When he visited the branch, Ramjug was told that he had withdrawn Rs 23,000 rupees from the account. He returned to the branch to pay the dues after a week and met the branch manager Amrendra Jha. He handed over the passbook to the manager who took his signatures on a blank sheet of paper.According to Ramjug, the branch manager called him to the bank after a week. He met the branch manager several times and was given two passbooks by the manager. Another credit card was issued in his name and this time Rs 85,000 rupees was withdrawn from his account. Ramjug said when he came to know about it, he visited the bank and complained but was threatened by the manager and other bank personnel. Ramjug registered a case against the bank manager at Katra bazaar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028595", "title": "IIM-L launches Programme in Management for middle, senior executives", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to help working executives aspiring for a doctoral programme, the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (IIM-L) has launched the Executive Fellow Programme in Management. This unique doctoral programme will help these corporate honchos who desire to gain competency for rigorous research and will also create an opportunity for an alternate career option.The doctoral programme especially targeted at the middle and senior level executives will be conducted from IIM-L's Noida campus. The first batch will commence from June 2013. According to the IIM officials, the programme is not a full-term residential programme. The minimum duration to complete the programme is four years, which includes campus visits to finish course and dissertation work.The course is currently having eight areas of specialisation. This includes decision sciences (operations research/business statistics), business environment (economics), finance and accounting, human resources management, information technology and systems, operations management, strategic management, and general management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17026556", "title": "Pakistan polls to be held by April?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's parliament is likely to be dissolved in January next year and a caretaker government installed to oversee elections to be held by April.Speculation has increased in political circles about the government preparing a preliminary roadmap for the next general election, scheduled for early next year. The National Assembly or lower house of parliament is likely to be dissolved on January 16 or 17, The News daily reproted.President Asif Ali Zardari and PM Raja Pervez Ashraf would make a final decision about installing a caretaker government, dissolving the national and provincial assemblies and the holding of polls after consulting partners in the ruling coalition.If the National Assembly is dissolved in January, the constitutional limit for holding polls will be 90 days.At the same time, the constitution states that polls must be held within 60 days of the completion of the tenure of the current parliament, which will complete its tenure on March 16. Accordingly the general election may be held by April 26.Some sources claimed the 2013 polls would be surprising like the last polls to the upper house of parliament, in which the PPP emerged stronger than before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17030244", "title": "Steve Finn to miss remainder of warm-up game due to leg injury", "text": "MUMBAI: England fast bowler Steve Finn has been ruled out of the remainder of their opening tour game against India A because of the thigh injury he sustained on the first day.\"Steve Finn has been ruled out of remainder of the three-day game with right thigh strain. He will be assessed over the next couple of days to determine a rehabilitation programme,\" said a spokesperson of the England and Wales Cricket Board travelling with the team.The 23-year-old Finn, from English county Middlesex, is yet to play against India in Tests and has taken 66 wickets from 16 Tests.The lanky fast bowler bowled only four overs for 22 runs without taking a wicket in the opening session of play on day one on Tuesday at the Brabourne Stadium and took no further part as India A raked up 369 for 9 by close in 90 overs.The touring side will next take on Mumbai A in their second three-day game at the D Y Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.England play a four-day game on Ground A of the Motera Stadium in Ahmedabad from November 8-11 before the first Test against India commencing in the main ground there on November 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028555", "title": "Kalyan's re-entry to give BJP a western outlook", "text": "LUCKNOW: It is not the first time former chief minister Kalyan Singh is returning to the Bharatiya Janata Party fold. The most striking development this time is that along with the coming back of Singh, who represents Atrauli in Aligarh the western part of the state, the party is beginning to warm up to that side of Uttar Pradesh like never before. Cases in point being the party's leadership comprising Rajnath Singh who won from Ghaziabad, Hukum Singh from Muzaffarnagar, Rakesh Jain from Bijnore and Laxmikant Bajpayi who won from Meerut.When Kalyan Singh rejoins the party formally at a function at Lucknow, he will merge his Jan Kranti Party, presently being headed by his son Rajvir Singh and bring with him more than a slice of western UP. The former CM is expected to get a post in the party at the national level. Several BJP leaders had been expecting he would be rejoining the party in New Delhi.Though no date has been fixed, Singh will be holding a meeting with senior party's state leaders and national BJP chief Nitin Gadkari anytime after November 4, the day Himachal Pradesh goes to assembly polls, said a close associate of the former chief minister.Senior UP leaders holding a meeting with Singh along with the BJP chief might include former national president Rajnath Singh, national vice-president and MLA from Lucknow (east) Kalraj Misra and BJP MP from Lucknow Lalji Tandon along with state BJP chief Laxmikant, party sources said.Once Singh meets the party leaders, a date will be fixed for the Lucknow function in which he will rejoin BJP along with Jan Kranti Party members.Kalyan's aides refused to divulge details of the four-point discussion Kalyan had with several state BJP leaders and also kept close to the chest the post Kalyan was likely to get after rejoining.The former chief minister while talking to a few media persons on Tuesday also confirmed he is rejoining the party. Talking to media, Singh said time had made both him and the BJP realise they should bury their differences, as both the party and its ideology require strengthening. He said when he would rejoin was something he had not decided yet.Singh, a Lodh by caste, categorised as OBC, had launched the Jan Kranti Party (Rashtrawadi) but failed to make any impact in the assembly polls held in the state in March.The former chief minister, who was in power when the 1992 Babri Masjid demolition took place, has already said he wanted to merge his political party with the BJP. \"I am in no mood for an alliance. We will merge the party (with BJP) at the right time,\" he had told reporters recently.Talks of Kalyan rejoining actually began after August 10, when senior leader Kalraj Misra met him at his residence. The Kalraj meeting was followed by one with party's state chief Laxmikant Bajpayi, MP Lalji Tandon, two more meetings with Kalraj and around three meetings with former national BJP chief Rajnath Singh.The party's shift of focus towards western UP was visible since Laxmikant Bajpayi, a native of Unnao and MLA from Meerut was elected as state party chief after Surya Pratap Shahi, with a political base in eastern UP's Deoria and Kushinagar districts, stepped down after the party's yet another dismal show in assembly polls. The state BJP also elected Hukum Singh from Muzaffarnagar as legislative party leader. Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh points man in the party organisation secretary Rakesh Jain hails from Bijnore in west UP. Former national BJP chief Rajnath Singh hails from Chandauli in eastern UP but contested Lok Sabha elections from Ghaziabad in West UP.How inclined BJP is towards western UP will be clear from its strategy for the 2014 Lok Sabha election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17027742", "title": "Burly Tim Bresnan delivers again", "text": "MUMBAI: England seamer Tim Bresnan in a perfect model of how an industrious seamer should be. When there's nothing in the pitch, he runs in hard, hits the deck and keeps the batsman honest. Those attributes will come in handy on a flat deck, against in-form batsmen and in the heat of battle.Bresnan unleashed those very qualities on the India 'A' batsmen on Tuesday and was the most impressive English bowler on view, picking up 3-59 including the wickets of key men like Ajinkya Rahane and Manoj Tiwary with brilliant deliveries. Bresnan got one to rear up from a good length and take the shoulder of Rahane's bat for the ball to balloon to Kevin Pietersen at gully. He dismissed Tiwary , setting the batsman up with a lovely inswinger after a series of outswingers by showing him a gap at mid-wicket , tempting the batsman to play across and finding the space between bat and pad.Despite a satisfying day personally though, the burly Yorkshireman said, \"It was disappointing to let them get away to 369 for 9 after taking six for 190. But it was a good workout. It's important to get overs under the belt, before the Tests get underway,\" the allrounder said.As England fielded only three pacers and one of them, Steven Finn , limped off the field with a thigh injury in the first session itself, the workload had to be shared between James Anderson and Bresnan . Describing Finn's injury as unfortunate, Bresnan said, \"Yes, the workload was more, but that's the way the game goes. I don't know how serious the injury is.\"Bresnan and Anderson are the two England pacers who have the ability to get the cricket ball to reverse swing and not having the experience of bowling with the SG Test ball wasn't a problem for him. \"They're fine. They swing a bit earlier and when it gets older, it starts to reverse swing. We trained with them in Dubai and didn't have an issue with it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026674", "title": "Govt posts MD at FDCM a day before retirement!", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has created a record of sorts by posting a managing director (MD) to Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) for a day!This would be the shortest tenure for an MD at this corporation since its inception in 1974. The shortest tenure before this had been in 2007, when AB Bhangre was posted as MD for two months.The FDCM MD's post is of the principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) rank. There are five posts of PCCFs in the state at present, where senior IFS officials are usually posted. Traditionally, a senior PCCF is posted as MD.On Tuesday, senior IFS officer Alinda Chandra was promoted and took over the FDCM MD post. He took over from APCCF &amp; nodal officer Sarvesh Kumar, who had been holding additional charge of the post.Chandra, who had been on deputation to Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) with Central government before this, will retire on Wednesday. Interestingly, he is likely to hand over charge again to Sarvesh Kumar, a 1979 batch IFS officer, whose posting orders as regular MD are expected on Wednesday.Sarvesh Kumar is due for promotion on November 1, 2012, and will become full time FDCM MD till be retires on April 30, 2013.The departmental promotion committee (DPC) had cleared Chandra's name for promotion as PCCF six months ago. However, despite a vacancy he was not promoted. Had he been promoted then, he would have got at least two months tenure as FDCM MD. But his promotion and posting order were issued on Monday and he took over on Tuesday.When contacted, Chandra refused to go into the details but said, \"I'm happy that at least I have been finally promoted to the scale of PCCF. It certainly matters financially, otherwise it would have been quite embarrassing.\"On September 28, TOI was the first to report that FDCM had not got a regular MD due to short tenures of IFS officials. This is a classic case of ministers playing with transfers and postings when it comes to posting officers of their choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028302", "title": "Bangkok: Kidnapped son of jeweller comes home safely", "text": "JAIPUR: The family members of the kidnapped nine-year old son of a jeweller from Jaipur were elated on Tuesday after receiving the news of his safe return in Bangkok. The maid who was also missing brought him home on Tuesday after kidnappers allegedly dropped them on the highway, some 3 kilometers from his house in Bangkok.Divyanshu had been kidnapped on last Thursday while returning from school. The maid who was accompanying the child was also missing. It was suspected that she had been abducted along with him. The kidnappers had made a ransom call on Friday, however, the family members living in Jaipur said that no ransom had been paid. The police is yet to arrest any of the kidnappers, they said.Divyanshu is the son of Madhusudan Mundara who runs a jewellery business in Bangkok and lives with his wife and the son there. The child's grandfather P C Mundara and his two sisters live in the city's Tonk Road area.Madhusudan's uncle Ramesh Mundara, a former JMC corporator, told TOI, \"We were so worried and praying to God for his safe return. Our prayers worked as Divyanshu reached home safely.\"Ramesh said that the police had stepped up efforts to trace the boy and arrest the kidnappers after Rajasthan government's intervention. \"The Indian embassy in Bangkok made several efforts to get the police into action,\" said Ramesh.The family members said the police had been informed about the kidnappers before they made a ransom call on Friday. The kidnappers came to know about the cops searching for them, so they did not call back.Ramesh claimed that no ransom was paid to the kidnappers. \"The kidnappers must have realized that they would be searched more vigorously if they harmed the boy or kept him hostage. The pressure worked and he was released. The boy is in a state of shock. His parents there have not asked him much questions regarding where he was kept. However, he is completely unharmed. That's what is important for us,\" said Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027548", "title": "Reliance forced govt hand on Reddy: Sharad", "text": "NEW DELHI: NDA ally JD(U) on Tuesday joined BJP in attacking the government over the removal of S Jaipal Reddy from petroleum ministry, directly accusing it of acting at the behest of Reliance. Party national president Sharad Yadav here said that the government was meant only to \"appease Reliance to enable it to make huge illegal profit at the cost of public exchequer''.\"I am totally perturbed that during our life time we would see such period when a corporate house like Reliance becomes even more powerful than the government,'' said Yadav.\"As we have learnt from the recent newspapers reports that the government of India functions on the whims and fancies of corporate houses like Reliance to the extent that the cabinet portfolios are being decided by them. An honest minister like Jaipal Reddy has been punished for protecting national interest and saving lakhs of crores for the government,'' he added.Praising Reddy, a former colleague in the erstwhile Janata Dal , Yadav said he was \"one of the few honest\" ministers in the UPA government.According to Yadav, RIL requested to increase price from $4.2 per unit to $14.2 per unit, an increase of around $10 per unit. \"If agreed to, it would mean increase in profit of Reliance by Rs. 22,000 crore in two years, resulting in the same increase in subsidy from the government, even at the low production level projected by Reliance ( only 27 units this year and 18 units next year). This was resisted by the ministry and an EGoM note recommending rejection of the proposal was circulated,'' he said.He also took a dig at the new petroleum minister M Veerappa Moily for his statement that decisions will be taken quickly.\"The new minister should also realize that in the name of taking decisions quickly, a loot cannot be allowed,\" Yadav said.He said that though the Cabinet reshuffle is the prerogative of the PM, that prerogative cannot be allowed to overrule national interests. He alleged that the reshuffle saw \"dynasties getting promotions\" in Congress. \"Sons of some farmer leaders did get promotion. But one should remember plants that grow in pots do not satisfy the hunger of the nation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17028034", "title": "14-year-old boy hit by bullet", "text": "KANPUR: A class IX student was shot apparently in a case of mistaken identity in Kalyanpur area late Monday night. The victim has been identified as Anup Jaiswal (14) son of Babu Lal, resident of B block Kakadeo. \"The boy is undergoing treatment at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital. He studies in class IX in a public school. Anup and his friends had gone to attend a 'Devi jaagran' near Namak Factory Chauraha area in Kalyanpur,\" informed a police official at Kalyanpur police station.\"Anup was shot at around 3.30 am when was on his way back home from the programme and was injured critically,\" police added. His friends informed his family members about the incident and they rushed to the spot and admitted him to LLR hospital in a critical state. Further investigations revealed that Anup was hit by a bullet when owner of a public school opened fire from his licensed revolver. The kin of Anup registered a complaint with the Kalyanpur police in this regard.Police said it was possible that Anup was mistaken for a thief by the school owner, but investigations are underway.Ruckus: Angry mob set a private bus on fire in Civil Lines area of Unnao district following a road mishap in which an 18-year-old youth was killed on Monday. Thousands of people were on the road to pelt stones at the bus and set it on fire. The deceased was identified as Pawan Yadav, a resident of Syed Abbaspur.Locals said Pawan and his sister Rachna were on their way to Unnao on a motorcycle when a speeding bus them leaving dead on the spot. Angry locals gathered at the spot and resorted to damaging the bus, and later set it on fire. Sensing threat to his life, the driver abandoned the vehicle and fled from the spot.Protestors blocked the road and pelted stones and bricks on the bus besides on police force. Soon more locals of the area joined the agitation. The crowd demanded compensation to the victim's family.Receiving information, cops from Kotwali and other police stations reached the site. Senior district and police officials along with heavy police and PAC force reached the site and resorted to lathi charge to disperse the angry mob. After conducting preliminary investigations, police sent the body for post-mortem.A case has been filed against the bus driver with the Kotwali police station. The traffic remained paralysed in the area for nearly two hours due to the incident. \"The vehicle involved in the accident has been impounded. Additional security has been deployed in the area in the wake of the incident. The situation is under control. Adequate security personnel have been deployed to avert", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027953", "title": "Cyclone Nilam brings rain, cold weather in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: If you're stepping out, don't forget to carry your umbrella. The meteorological department says the sudden drop in temperature on Tuesday will continue for the next two or three days and there'll be light to moderate rainfall in some areas.While the city woke up to a sunny Tuesday, the temperature dipped post-noon and Bangloreans were seen in warm clothes. \"I started the day in summer wear but after lunch, I noticed a drop in temperature. Although it wasn't too cold, I did need a jacket. It's a perfect evening for sipping hot coffee,\" said Kamelia Dutta, a resident of Shivajinagar.\"The sudden drop in temperature is due to Cyclone Nilam in the Bay of Bengal near Rameswaram. The core is travelling north, along the coast and inclined to the west. Due to the large area of coverage, the eastern part of Karnataka, coastal parts of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh will be affected. This will continue for two or three days,\" said MB Raje Gowda, professor of agro-meteorology, University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore.Experts say if the cyclone moves north, certain parts of Karnataka will get rainfall. \"Bangalore, Kolar, Tumkur, Chitradurga, Mandya, Mysore and Bellary will receive light to moderate rainfall,\" said Raje Gowda.Warning about the dip in temperature, Raje Gowda said Bangalore is experiencing it due to the north-east wind. \"The wind is coming from the tip of Russia , China and eastern states of India where the temperature is quite low. This has caused a drop in temperature here as well,\" said Raje Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "17026628", "title": "Mamata threatens stir against digital cable switch", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee said on Tuesday she would launch an agitation if TV sets were blacked out after the October 31 deadline for cable digitization.The threat, coupled with fears of a law-and-order problem if lakhs of homes lost access to cable TV, has triggered speculation that the deadline could yet be extended. Though central data says about 82% Kolkata homes have installed set-top boxes, the number is being contested by multi-system operators (MSOs), who claim only 24 lakh (60%) homes in the Greater Kolkata region out of a total 40 lakh with access to cable TV have installed set-top boxes.Mamata, however, put the number of people who have to make the digital switch at 2.5 crore. \"It will spiral into a big, big issue if they try to black out TV sets of those who don't switch over to set-top boxes from the analog system. They should be given more time,\" the CM told reporters after urban affairs minister Farhad Hakim met chief secretary Sanjoy Mitra, home secretary Basudeb Banerjee, police commissioner R K Pachnanda, joint commissioner (HQ) Jawed Shamim, MSOs and cable operators at Writers' Buildings.Responding to Mamata's statement, I&B; ministry sources said the process of digitization was a government policy that had been adopted after due deliberation, but hinted law-and-order concerns couldn't be overlooked. \"Just because there is a new minister (Manish Tewari), it doesn't mean the landscape will be unsettled. A robust campaign has been running for the last one year in anticipation of the deadline. But at the end of the day, law and order is a state subject and a state has to ensure its constitutional mandate. We will play it by ear,\" the source said.Mamata said the Centre had ignored her letter in June on the issue. \"Was the state government consulted before this was made mandatory in the four metros? Even if it were to be, was it ensured that there were enough set-top boxes in the market? In a festival month in Kolkata, you suddenly ask people to shell out Rs 1200-odd to buy set-top boxes. Can everyone afford this at one go? And now you threaten to scrap the licence of MSOs if they fail to comply. Some more time should be given,\" the CM said, threatening a statewide movement that will \"later spread to the whole of India\".She also alleged there was more to the digitization process \"than meets the eye\". \"I've been informed that only one Indian firm and two Chinese firms have been identified to supply these set-top boxes countrywide. Is this adequate?\" she asked.The I&B; ministry didn't appear to be unduly anxious. According to the latest data collated by the Centre, 82% of Kolkata homes had already opted for either digital set top boxes or DTH notching the number to 85%. The corresponding figures for the other cities included Delhi where cable TV digitization has touched 92% and with DTH the percentage of digitization has gone up to 95%. For Mumbai the percentage of digitization is 100%. In Chennai the cable TV digitization has reached 62% and with DTH it goes up to 86%.This figure is contested by MSOs operating in Kolkata who term it completely flawed and way off the mark. According to the industry estimates, there are 40 lakh cable connections in Kolkata Metropolitan Area, of which only half have been digitized. At a meeting convened in the state secretariat on Tuesday afternoon, Shamim expressed apprehension of a law and order situation if 20 lakh cable homes were blacked out from Wednesday midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17028456", "title": "Maansi to keep date with fianc\u00c3\u00a9 through Skype", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Karva Chauth just around the corner, women are busy buying stuff for their Karwa \"thalis,\" and of course all those pretty clothes, which they would doll up on D-Day. But then there are others, who besides doing all this are also ensuring that their laptops are in good working condition, as they would be breaking their fast, while skyping with their husbands or fiances.Maansi Khanna, 27, an HR professional, is one such person who would be doing so as her fiance, Gaurav Puri, who works for a private firm, is based in Australia. And both of them have been staying connected through Skype since their engagement that took place in August. And on her first Karva Chauth, for Maansi, Skype is nothing short of a blessing as in spite of the distance, she would be able to see her beloved not from a \"channi\" but through her Skype window before she breaks her fast.Maansi, a resident of Pink Flats, Pakhowal Road said, \"It would not be possible for Gaurav to visit India during these days, so we decided that on Karva Chauth, I'll break my fast on Skype in front of my fiance.\"The couple has been connecting with each other through Skype to strengthen their bond before they tie the knot in January, it being an arranged marriage.Saroj Puri, 55, Maansi's proud mother-in-law-to-be, who is a resident of Agar Nagar, is also quite thrilled about her keeping the fast, while observing all the rituals. She gushed, \"We are really happy that Maansi is following various traditions with so much of zeal and is also keen on knowing about each and every ritual that is followed during Karva Chauth.\"Saroj Puri said, \"It is really nice that even in today's times when many from the new generation are not keen on observing various rituals, Maansi, despite being miles away from my son, wants to do so.\"Gaurav, who we talked to on the phone said, \"I am a happy and blessed man, that I found a wife who will carry forward the Indian culture and traditions. Though Australia is four hours ahead of Indian timing, I'll make sure that I stay awake till midnight and help Maansi complete the Karva Chauth rituals.\"Maansi's parents, Manmohan Khanna, a businessman and Kavita, a homemaker, are also making sure that their daughter's first Karva Chauth turns out well. Kavita has been giving her daughter tips about the rituals to be followed during Karva Chauth and other festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028549", "title": "State govt transfers 11 IAS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday transferred 11 IAS officers. Shambhu Nath Shukla, principal secretary, housing and urban planning has been shifted as principal secretary, home guards department, while Pravir Kumar, principal secretary, urban development and poverty alleviation department, has been given additional charge of principal secretary, housing and urban planning.VN Garg, principal secretary, department of physically handicapped welfare has been transferred to the department of forest and environment in the same capacity. He has been replaced by Manoj Kumar , principal secretary, panchayati raj department. Majid Ali, principal secretary, science and technology is now principal secretary in the panchayati raj department.Similarly, RC Srivastava, principal secretary, technical education who was transferred earlier as chairman of Administrative Tribunal-1 and chairman of vigilance commission, has now been posted as director general, UP Administration and Management Academy, Lucknow. Rajiv Kapoor, principal secretary, agriculture, agriculture education and research, agriculture marketing and export promotion, has been shifted in the department of technical and vocational education in the same capacity. Devashish Panda, principal secretary, cooperative department and registrar, cooperative societies has been given additional charge of principal secretary, agriculture, agriculture education and research and export promotion.Harsharan Das, who was awaiting posting, has been made principal secretary, science and technology department, while Ashok Ghosh, principal secretary, department of languages, is now principal secretary, department of general administration. Prabhat Kumar Sarangi, principal secretary, department of administrative reforms and director, administrative reforms directorate, Lucknow has been given additional charge of principal secretary, department of languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027783", "title": "Delhi records lowest death rate in country", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi has recorded the country's lowest death rate among major states.Around 4.3 people die here per 1,000 population at any given time as against Odisha, which has highest death rate at 8.5.In comparison, Maharashtra recorded a death rate of 6.3 (lower than the national average of 7.1), Tamil Nadu (7.4) and West Bengal (6.2).The Registrar General of India's (RGI) latest death rate data sent to the Union health ministry has pointed to an interesting trend \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 1.5 more men are dying in India as against women.As against 7.8 men dying in the country, 6.3 women perish every year. Two more persons are dying in rural India as against the country's urban parts. While the death rate in rural India stands at 7.6, the corresponding figure is 5.7 when it comes to women.Death rate in India is highest among rural men at 8.4. Rural women, however, seem to be better off with death rate being much lower at 7.3 compared to their male counterparts.Nationally, seven people die at any given point of time per 1,000 population.When it comes to highest number of deaths among males, it has been recorded in Assam (8.9), while the lowest is in Delhi (4.7).In case of women, Odisha records the highest number of deaths at 8.2.Overall in India, states which record a death rate higher that the national average are Uttar Pradesh (7.9), Andhra Pradesh (7.5), Tamil Nadu (7.4), Karnataka (7.1) and Chhattisgarh (7.9).Women, however, are dying the most in Odisha (8.2), Madhya Pradesh (7.5), Chhattisgarh (7.2), Assam (7.1) and UP (7).Women are dying the least in Delhi (3.9), Maharashtra (5.5), West Bengal and Haryana (5.6), Kerala (5.8) and Karnataka (5.9).Mortality among rural males is tremendously high in some states like Chhattisgarh (9), Andhra Pradesh (9.6), Assam Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh at 9.4 each, and Tamil Nadu (9.2).Earlier, the RGI had finalized data on life expectancy (LE) at birth which also pointed to how women in India are living longer than men.The LE data says that an average Indian lived 4.6 years longer in 2008 compared to a decade earlier. An average Indian woman lived three years more than her male counterpart in 2008.While the life expectancy at birth for women was 67.7 years, for men it stood at 64.6 years. This was an increase of 2.5 years and 1.8 years, respectively, when compared to the LE in 2002. Women have a longer life span than males in most of the major states.In West Bengal and Rajasthan, for example, women lived 3.6 years longer than their male counterparts in 2008. In Tamil Nadu, women lived 3.8 years longer, while in Punjab it was 4.2 years, Maharashtra (4 years), Haryana (2.5 years), Gujarat (4.1 years), Himachal Pradesh (4.7 years), Karnataka (4.8 years) and Kerala (5.4 years).Consequently, the majority of India's elderly are women.The Sample Registration System (SRS), 2010, confirmed feminization of India's elderly saying that the percentage of women in the age group of 60 years and above is higher in 17 out of the 20 large states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027889", "title": "12-year-old girl found charred to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 12-year-old girl died under mysterious circumstances at her residence on 78th Cross, Kumaraswamy Layout, just behind the jurisdictional police station on Tuesday.Though the charred body of Keerthana Putte Gowda initially indicated electrocution, police now believe it could be suicide.A Class 8 student of St Philomena's School in Kumaraswamy Layout, Keerthana was alone at home in the morning. Her father Putte Gowda, an electrician, and mother Sunandamma, a garment factory worker, had left for work.\"Around 8.45am, we noticed smoke and heard screams from the house. We knocked on the door latched from inside. As there was no response, we broke open the door and found the girl on fire and she was screaming and rolling on the floor. We called the fire service and by the time firemen arrived, someone poured water on the girl and doused the flames,\" a neighbour who declined to reveal his name told TOI.The girl was dead and her body charred beyond recognition, Kumaraswamy Layout police said.Police initially suspected a short-circuit but Bescom officials inspected the place and said there was no electrical short circuit and ruled out electrocution. The cooking gas cylinder too was intact, police said.Investigation revealed traces of kerosene in her hair. \"We're awaiting the post mortem report. Forensic experts feel the girl may have poured kerosene as the fuel was dripping from her hair,\" said a police officer.\"No suicide note has been found in the house. We handed over the body to the parents after the post mortem,\" said a police officer.Wedding thieves heldBasavanagudi police nabbed two women who'd go to marriage halls as guests and decamp with gold jewellery. About 1.6 kg gold jewellery and 5 kgs of silver articles were recovered. With this, police cracked 12 cases of theft in marriage halls. All the valuables, including silk saris, recovered are worth about Rs 58 lakh.R Sheetal, 30, of Yashaswini Layout near Nagarabhavi, and J Rajeshwari, 48, of Jagajyothi Layout near Nagadevanahalli, hail from Mysore.\"They were caught for similar offences in 2004 by Saraswathipuram police in Mysore. They moved to Bangalore the next year and continued with their modus operandi. Even as marriages were being solemnized, the duo broke open the doors of rooms where valuables were kept and flee with the booty,\" said police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji on Tuesday.Their offences include two cases each in Basavanagudi, Jayanagar and Siddapura police stations, while one case each in Shankarapuram, Mahalakshmipuram, Rajajinagar and Vidyaranyapuram police stations.Watchmen nabbed in NepalTwo men were arrested from Nepal and 2.3 kg of gold jewellery worth over Rs 60 lakh was recovered from them. Prem Bahadur Sarki alias Prem, 25, of Chikkabanaswadi Main Road and a native of Bhajang district in Nepal, and Bishal Singh, 28, had stolen the jewellery from a house here they were supposed to guard.City police with the help of Kanchanpur district police of Nepal and Interpol nodal office in Nepal arrested the duo who'd been guarding the Muniraju's residence. Muniraju and his family went out of the city, leaving the duo to take care of the house. On returning, Muniraju found an almirah had been ransacked and valuables stolen. Both watchmen were missing.The duo was arrested from Bangav village near Mahendranagar, Nepal on October 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17029300", "title": "Shahid teases Ileana, calls her Ranbir\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s gal", "text": "She made her Hindi film debut alongside Ranbir Kapoor in Anurag Basu's Barfi! And now Ileana D'Cruz is all set to start shooting for Raj Kumar Santoshi's Phata Poster Nikla Hero where she is paired with Shahid Kapoor .Apparently, Ileana and Shahid got along like a house on fire during the film's rehearsals. Which is probably why Shahid has been addressing Ileana as 'Ranbir's girl'...A source from the sets told TOI, \"Ileana had a great time working with Ranbir on Barfi! She shared some of those experiences with Shahid, who has now started teasing her as 'Ranbir's girl'. Shahid is being plain mischievous. Besides, Ileana knows only two actors so well; one being Ranbir and the other Shahid.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17031360", "title": "Congress to make show of strength with change of name", "text": "SURAT: City Congress has organized a maha Sammelan in city on BRC grounds on Wednesday evening. Keeping upcoming state assembly polls scheduled to be held on December 13 in South Gujarat in mind, local city congress leaders and aspirants have gone overboard to gather their supporters and prospective voters to the venue. However the change in name of the event at last moment and non presence of representatives from national leadership of the party on the day of the event has raised a few questions. After state leadership asked the city unit to organize a maha sammelan on October, 31, the name of the event was given as Janvandana Maha Sammelan.However remembering the day as Sardar Patel's birth anniversary and late prime minister Indira Gandhi's death anniversary, the name of the event was changed to Shakti Vandana Maha Sammelan. Local congress workers expected a top leader of the party to be present at the event. How ever with just a few days left for polling in Himachal Pradesh and recent reshuffle in the central Government has led to a situation that no national leader will attend this event. \"This has disappointed us to say the least.\" said an old party worker. \"If this is the attitude of our national leaders for Surat and Gujarat how can we succeed in our fight?\" he added. Ashok Jirawala, city Congress chief who is busy gathering crowds for the meeting said, \"We had invited the national leadership but we understand the problems. We expect huge crowd for the meeting.\" The meeting will be attended by top Congress leadership of the state including Arjun Modhwadia, Shaktisinh Gohil, Shankarsingh Waghela and Siddarth Patel among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17032063", "title": "6 precautions before and after cosmetic surgery", "text": "People have found a very quick and easy solution to look their best through cosmetic surgeries.What used to be impossible has become possible now, as one can regain her youth and stop the effects of ageing on the skin. People are fast opting for cosmetic surgeries for not only skin beautification but weight loss as well.Going under plastic surgeon's knife for pout, nose job, lip job or any other skin problem has become fashionable but there are always areas of concern and safety which you need to take care before and after cosmetic surgery. So before you consent to change the way you look, Dr Sandeep Bhasin, cosmetic surgeon, Carewell Medical Centre, shares some tips on precautions before and after cosmetic surgery.1. No cosmetics: People are getting more conscious of their facial features and often go under the knife for nose correction (rhinoplasty) or even for plastic surgery. But after the surgery one should avoid the application of any cosmetics in the area as it can lead to allergies or infections. The area of surgery should be kept clean, it should be washed with meditated water.2. Stay indoor: Exposure to sun should be minimum, the UV rays can prove to be very harmful for the surgical stitches and the area in which it has been performed. Application of just sunscreen is no solution. Apply antibiotic and ointment as prescribed by the doctor after the sutures are removed.3. Healthy diet: Antibiotics sometimes lead to gastric problems. A proper diet should be followed, there should be sufficient consumption of fruits, toned milk and light food. In facial surgery there is difficulty in having food, liquid diet could be followed in such cases. Do not smoke or drink till the operated area recovers completely. Consumption of alcohol and smoking should also be avoided even before the surgery.4. Avoid medicines and supplements: Medicines should be avoided that make the blood clotting hard. The patient should have a strong immunity system before the surgical procedure starts. Intake of supplements without doctors consent can lead to harmful effects.5. Aloe vera juice: For ages aloe vera is known for its medicinal powers. Intake of aloe vera juice helps in healing the ruptured cells from inside and also building the quality of skin. The surgeries, even facial, usually leads to loss of skin glow. Aloe vera helps in restoring the glow, but it should be consumed only on doctor's recommendation.6. Know your doctor: Before deciding on a surgeon, one should do enough research on the credentials and his/her area of skill. Going for a nose surgery by a liposuction expert wont be a good idea. One should also discuss the medical history with the doctor one is consulting as it aides further medical procedures.(With inputs from Dr. Sandeep Bhasin, cosmetic surgeon, Carewell Medical Centre)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17028823", "title": "Sandy scare felt in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: A large number of people from Jharkhand who have their children and relatives in New York, Boston and New Jersey, places badly hit by hurricane Sandy, have kept their fingers crossed and are praying for their safety.The moment the news of the devastating hurricane reached here people started calling their loved ones in US. Some of them have remained glued to the television sets and computers while others are calling them at regular intervals as there were rumours of deaths of some people in New York hailing from Ranchi.Vidyawati Tripathy, whose son Sidharth is in Boston, is regularly calling him to know what is going on there. \"My brother-in-law lives with his family in New Jersey. He is also in constant touch with my son. We have asked him to remain confined in the house till the time everything is normal,\" said a worried Tripathy. \"I have asked my bother-in-law and son not to take any risks and keep informing us about the latest developments,\" she added.A retired government officer G L Das, whose daughter is in US, has remained glued to the television since wee hours. \"She is an MBA and was recently blessed with a child. We are very worried about their well being. While I was talking to her in the morning today there was a power cut at their home. According to their time it was around 10.30 in the night. Since then I am regularly watching television and praying for the well being of her family,\" said Das.A large number of people even gathered outside the house of a retired IPS officer in Ashok Nagar in the morning after hearing rumour of death of one of his family members in New York. As there was no one in the house to answer their query they returned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028382", "title": "SN Vashisht is Haryana's next DGP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: S N Vashisht will be Haryana's new director general of police. He will take over as DGP from Ranjeev Singh Dalal, who attains superannuation on Wednesday, after enjoying the longest tenure of six-and-a-half years.Dalal will be given a farewell at Haryana Police Academy on Wednesday morning. Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is learned to have played a \"friend in deed\" as Dalal, who is former's classmate, has got a new assignment as director of Haryana Institute of Public Administration (HIPA), Gurgaon.Dalal now joins the bandwagon of retired Haryana top brass, who are given new assignments after attaining superannuation. His appointment orders came a day ahead of his retirement.Currently posted as director, state vigilance bureau (SVB), Haryana, the 1981 batch-IPS, Vashisht, a post graduate and a law graduate, has held important portfolios in central forces as well as in the field during his 33 years of service in Haryana police.Besides serving as SP in Jind, Jhajjar, Kurukshetra, Gurgaon and Bhiwani, Vashisht has also held the post of IG, Gurgaon range. Vashist's name was among the panel of three officers suggested by home department as next DGP in the state.Sharad Kumar, IPS, DGP (crime) will be given additional charge of director general of state vigilance bureau, a government release said on Tuesday evening. R K Vachher, IPS, DGP, human rights and litigation, will hold the charge of chairman, Haryana Police Housing Corporation, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027475", "title": "Another temple theft attempt at Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Temple thieves struck at one more place of worship in Old City on Monday night, but surprisingly left the place without taking anything.On Monday night, burglars gained entry into Sri Pochamma temple at Old Malakpet, but left the place after disturbing it by removing some ornaments adorned by the presiding deity. Locals, who noticed the broken temple gate lock, alerted the management on Tuesday morning. The temple trustees rushed to the spot and realized that the miscreants had gained entry by breaking the lock of the sanctum sanctorum. Police were informed about the incident.\"The silver crown, body armour, gold nose stud adorned by the deity were removed and placed on the floor, but nothing was stolen,\" Chaderghat inspector Syed Nayeemuddin Javed said.Clues team has collected some fingerprints from the spot. In view of the rivalry between a former priest of the temple, residing nearby,and the temple management, police suspect the role of an insider in the crime. A case was booked under sections 457/511 (trespass to commit theft) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026271", "title": "Hours away from blackout, cable confusion lingers", "text": "MUMBAI: Prasannarajan Pohire, a resident of Kandivli, and his neighbours are running pillar to post to save their television sets from going blank from Wednesday.This is because their analog signals will become a thing of the past from midnight of October 31 and only digital signals for cable TVs will be allowed to be pass through first the broadcasters, then multi-system operators (MSOs) and finally local cable operators (LCOs), who distribute signals to subscribers.Cable operators' associations say around 30% homes in Mumbai have yet to get digital connections though the government claims it was 100% complete. Non-digitalised homes have nearly 30 lakh viewers whose small screens will go blank from midnight on Wednesday. Revenue department officials said of nearly 20.48 lakh households in the suburbs, around 12 lakh have digital connections and around 3.5 lakh have direct-to-home (DTH) connections. In South Mumbai, around 75-80% of over 10 lakh homes have got digitalized.\"We admit there was a lack of awareness on our part, but operators should have popularized set-top-boxes (STBs),\" said Pohire. \"Thousands of homes across the city still rely on cable operators. Now with barely a day remaining for the STB regime, TV sets in our homes will stop working,\" laments Ajinkya Mohite and his neighbours in Bhandup. S Lad, a resident of Bhoir Nagar in Mulund, said a pricing war between cable and DTH operators left him confused and hence he could never decide which one to opt for. Several families in the Gavanpada area of Mulund said operators now cite shortage of STBs and lack of time as reasons for not installing them.Worli resident Himanshu Saha said operators in his area always cite shortage of STBs. \"Our area witnessed a war between DTH and cable operators,\" he added. Abhinandan Godse, a resident of Sion, said operators were quoting extremely high prices for STBs and there was no uniformity in Sion, Matunga, Dadar and Chunabhatti.Anil Parab, president of the Cable Operators Association said the deadline should be extended by two months and claimed even cities like Kolkata and Chennai were demanding the same due. \"There could be anger on the streets as a large number of viewers will not be able to watch television from Thursday. There is also no transparency in share and pricing for consumers and cable operators,\" warned Jagdish Joshi of Eastern Cable Operators' Welfare Association.However, Ashok Mansukhani, president of the multi-system operators alliance, quoted government figures to claim more than 90% digitalization was achieved and said MSOs too had increased the supply of STBs to avoid a shortage. He said MSOs will soon issue details of different packages of channels and their prices for consumers to avoid confusion. \"A normal STB is around Rs 800, high-definition STBs vary according to cost of import and transport,\" he said. He added even the share of revenue among LCOs and MSOs has been decided clearly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028626", "title": "Filthy premises up dengue, malaria risks", "text": "PUNE: Piles of garbage, puddles of water with mosquitoes breeding and leaking drainage pipes dot the premises of the Regional Transport Office (RTO) and the Sassoon General Hospital, even as increasing number of dengue and other cases of viral fever in the city cause concern. Both premises need urgent cleaning, fumigation and replacement of leaking drainage lines.Thousands of people visit both places every day. However, the staff and visitors at both the places on Tuesday pointed out that nothing has been done so far to clear the filth, unwanted material, piles of garbage and puddles of water that are ideal breeding spots for mosquitoes.The RTO is an abject picture of squalor. Piles of garbage in all corners, the rear portion of the premises is an open toilet with leaking drainage pipes and an administration that prefers to look the other way.The toilet block which is almost never cleaned is locked on most days. Women visitors have no toilets at all. \"The officers' cabins are well maintained. However, there is total neglect towards basic facilities for visitors and hygiene is a far cry,\" said a frequent visitor.The state-run Sassoon hospital and at the workers' residential quarters at the hospital's rear are no better. Dirty water had accumulated on the premises. Garbage was rotting behind the hospital, with water flowing into it. The drainage pipes were leaking in two corners of the hospital buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027926", "title": "Life term for man who cried 'hijack'", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first, chartered accountant Jitender Kumar Mohla was on Tuesday sentenced to life imprisonment by a trial court for triggering a hijack scare aboard an aircraft. Mohla was on a Goa-Delhi Indigo flight in 2009 when he told the crew he had been involved in the Kandahar hijack and was carrying infected needles.Mohla, recently convicted under Section 3(1)(d) of the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, was sent to jail for life by district judge I S Mehta, who said punishment under the law was aimed at curbing offences on board.\"The Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against Safety of Civil Aviation Act 1982 was passed by Parliament of India to give effect to the Montreal Convention and teeth to curb offences on board,\" the court said while also imposing a fine of Rs 7,000 on Mohla.Son of a retired Indian Air Force commodore, 45-year-old Mohla had sparked panic among the crew on February 1, 2009 by claiming he was one of the accused in the hijacking of an Indian Airlines plane in 1999, and was carrying needles with which he would \"infect\" others if they resisted him.During the arguments on quantum of sentence, Mohla pleaded that a lenient view should be taken as he was the sole earning member of his family. He also said that there was nobody to take care of his mother, a cancer patient, and father, who has a heart ailment.Rejecting Mohla's plea, the court explained that the special Act under which he was convicted only provided for life imprisonment as punishment. \"The plain language of the Section shows that the convict is to be awarded life imprisonment and is also liable to a fine,\" the court said while referring to various Supreme Court judgments.It further observed that the purpose of interpreting a statute was to ascertain the intention of Parliament and this Act was clear in its intentions. \"One of the well recognized canons of construction is that the legislature speaks its mind by use of correct expression and unless there is any ambiguity in the language of the provision the court should adopt literal construction if it does not lead to an absurdity,\" the judge added.The court, which had also convicted Mohla under sections 336 (endangering life or personal safety of others), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 170 (impersonating a public servant) of IPC, awarded him varying jail terms which were set off against the period spent by him behind bars since his arrest on February 2, 2009.Mohla's behaviour had forced the pilot of the Indigo flight to send a hijack alert, leading to panic at the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport. The plane made an emergency landing and was kept in isolation for two-and-a-half hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028305", "title": "JDA officials face residents' ire during regularization camp", "text": "JAIPUR: The ill-prepared officials of JDA had to face the ire of residents during the regularization camps for colonies organized under the 'Prashan Shero Ke Sang' on Tuesday.Agitated residents also manhandled the officials in the camp organized in zone -2 at Bhavani Niktean School. Sources said officials ran short of affidavits and application forms during the camp. Moreover, many officials in the camp allegedly did not give information to the residents about the documents they have to attach with the form. Dinesh Dubey a, resident said, \"The officials do not have proper records of the colonies. They also did not give proper response to queries.\"On the other hand, officials claimed that the JDA has received good response on the first day and majority of queries of residents were resolved. \"We have received 1,506 applications on first day. The 630 applications received from zone-6 was the maximum.\"The state government is organizing camps to regularize the colonies developed after 1999. This year in June, the JDA prepared a list of 1,722 housing schemes developed before 1999. Between 1999 and 2002, nearly 614 housing colonies were developed by housing societies. \"So far, we have regularized approximately 1,000 colonies. However, 600 colonies have not been regularized due to various reasons. Around 800 colonies in the JDA periphery are yet to be regularized,\" an official added.Out of the 800 colonies, regularization of 360 colonies can be done easily, whereas it will be difficult for the JDA to regularize other colonies due to various reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17027221", "title": "No specialist to control dengue, malaria in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: With dengue cases in Noida reportedly quadrupling this year as compared to previous years, health officials have blamed absence of district-level entomologists as the prime reason for the problem. An entomologist specializes in identification and control of vector-borne diseases. There is a single post, given out on a contractual basis, which has been lying empty for almost a year.Moreover, there are two posts of entomologists at the state-level, both of which are lying vacant.At a recent congregation of health secretaries of the country who had met the Union health minister to review the National Rural Health Mission, it was revealed that Uttar Pradesh, which is one of the worst affected state by vector-borne diseases, doesn't have a single state entomologist. Moreover, 65% of the posts for zonal entomologists, including the one for Noida, are also lying vacant.This is in spite of clear recommendations given to the UP health department by the union health ministry to strengthen their infrastructure to deal with vector-borne diseases. The Union health ministry had listed 'filling up of vacant posts, regular monitoring supervision, programme implementation and improving surveillance' as one of the top three recommendations for the state.Health officials explained that entomologists make up the first line of defence against dengue, malaria and other vector-borne diseases. \"A public entomologist's primary concern is to focus on the population biology of vector-borne infections. They seek to understand how pathogens perpetuate over time and devise methods for reducing the burden that they impose on human health,\" said Ashok Mishra, CMS, district hospital, Noida.While the health department has confirmed only 18 cases of dengue in the district, suspected cases of dengue and malaria have touched 151 and 441, respectively. This clearly shows that the problem of vector-borne disease in the district is spiralling out of control. \"The contract given to an entomologist is for 11 months. However, once the previous contract expired, no one was hired by the state and the post is currently empty,\" said a senior health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17030327", "title": "Google doodles Happy Halloween", "text": "NEW DELHI: Happy Halloween! Google on Wednesday celebrates Halloween, an annual fun-filled celebration observed in several countries on the eve of the Western Christian feast of All Hallows, with an animated doodle.The Happy Halloween doodle features a haunted mansion numbered 13 with scary and bizarre creatures around it. A crow is seen hopping from one end to another over the roof of the haunted house. And to make the doodle more frightening, creepy music is played in the background.The Happy Halloween doodle is interactive. When a user clicks the first door of the mansion a blue one-eyed octopus opens the door which also stands for the letter G of the Google logo.The second door is opened by a pair of eyes coloured in red and yellow thus forming the letter 'O' of the logo.A click on the third door and a ghost in a veil pops up who stands for the fourth letter 'G' of the logo.Another strange creature is seen at the window pane behind the iron rods. This creature can be interpreted as the letter 'L'.The last door of the doodle displays a creature with a scary smile and forms the letter 'E'.A skeleton is seen flying in the air and jumps into action when clicked on it. An alley cat also jumps out of the dustbin and runs through the doodle screaming.Across the doodle a number of jack-o'-lanterns, a popular Halloween symbol, lie on the doorsteps of the house for more impact.On Halloween, celebrations include costume parties, carving pumpkins into jack-o'-lanterns, trick-or-treating, and other haunted attractions.Halloween has a long history and is believed to have pagan roots. Traditional activities such as offering prayers to Almighty, fasting and enjoying feasts are also practiced by some.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028553", "title": "PIL seeks CBI probe into Faizabad riots", "text": "LUCKNOW: A PIL has been moved before the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court seeking CBI probe into the October 24 riots which took place in Faizabad and Ayodhya during immersion of Goddess Durga's idols. It is likely to be taken up for hearing on November 1, 2012. The PIL filed by social activist Anand Prakash Sahi also seeks compensation for the victims of riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026455", "title": "High court admits doctor's plea", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC high court admitted a plea filed by a doctor challenging his prosecution over a charge of for a serious charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under IPC Section 304-II Indian Penal Codewhich attracts up to ten years in jail.But the court said the doctor shall face prosecution for an offence of causing death by negligence under IPC Section 304A IPC.\"The applicant had no intention to cause death of the patient. He was extending medical assistance to her as the patient...it could be that the applicant ignored taking steps at appropriate time..\"the HC said . The patient had succumbed after being taken to a city hospital from the doctor's clinic in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026566", "title": "Govt slams corporations for failing to check disease", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Tuesday slammed municipal bodies for \"failing\" to contain spurt in dengue cases which inched close to 1,000 and directed them to take \"urgent\" steps before the situation goes out of control.A meeting of Delhi cabinet presided over by chief minister Sheila Dikshit , expressed \"grave concern\" over rising dengue cases and directed the municipal bodies to \"pull up their socks\" to avoid the worst.\"The entire cabinet was of the view that the municipal corporations are lacking in a result oriented approach in dealing with the situation. It was also felt that the corporations have failed in their primary responsibility of cleanliness and sanitation as the city is being infested by the mosquitoes,\" a statement issued by the CM's office said.\"Health minister A K Walia has been regularly chairing meetings to monitor the present situation but municipal corporations are not taking cue...,\" it said.The leaders from the BJP-led municipal corporations reacted strongly to the criticism. \"We have been doing our best to contain the situation. Fogging activities have been intensified in all areas and we have also issued notices to thousands of offices and houses where mosquito breeding was found,\" said Savita Gupta, mayor of the South corporation. The civic zone has reported maximum 371 out of 985 dengue cases reported this season. She claimed maximum breeding was taking place inside the houses.Yogender Chandolia, chairman standing committee, North corporation said in the two weeks, about 11 lakh houses have been checked for mosquito breeding and two lakh houses have been covered for focal spray and fogging. \"The Delhi government is raising issues about non-performance of civic bodies due to political reasons,\" Chandolia said.Last year, Delhi reported 745 dengue cases till October 30 and five deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17028844", "title": "Mystery disease kills pigeons", "text": "RAMGARH: Pigeons are dying in Ramgarh because of a mysterious disease. More than 200 pigeons have already died in Chattarmandu village of the district in the past few days.District animal husbandry officer, Subhash Kumar, said the deaths are because the pigeons are suffering from an undetected disease similar to the diseases found recently among crows which left hundreds of them dead in various parts of the district a few months ago.\"Soon after we received initial reports of pigeon deaths in Chhattarmandu village of the district, we send a team to the village with medicines to be distributed among the villagers,\" said Kumar, adding that the department is trying to diagnose the disease which is killing the pigeons.Meanwhile, an official of animal husbandry department said the pigeons may be suffering from some kind of flu which is killing the birds within few days of getting affected and asked the villagers not to throw the dead pigeons in any open place that could affect other healthy birds. \"We have asked the villagers to burry the dead pigeons in order to save the lives of healthy birds as dead pigeons could affect other birds,\" said the official, adding that the department is alert the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026885", "title": "Course to hone youths' skills", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai and a cola company joined hands on Tuesday to set up four community colleges under the jurisdiction of the university, to increase the employability of youth. The first of its kind 'associate degree course' offered by the varsity with a corporate partner will have around 160 students across the four colleges.Candidates who have cleared their Std XII will be eligible for the course. Students will be able to apply to the corporate partner, the Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages Private Limited (HCCB) after completion of their programme. Students can also join the third year of a regular college and obtain a graduation degree. They will be exposed to theory as well as practical provided by trainers from the corporate firm.Each of the semesters will have around three months devoted for practical work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17030062", "title": "Bringing back old 'sweets' with a twist", "text": "KOLKATA: Hundred years ago, apart from the rossogolla, there was hardly any other mishti on the trays of sweet shops that you would recognize now. It is hard to believe but true that the city just had four to five different types of sweets other than the rossogolla then. Today, when there are hundreds of varieties vying with each other for our attention, some old sweet shops rue the fact that they will never be able to recreate some of those famous sweets that were typical to their shops then, either because the recipe is lost or because the karigars who knew how to make them are no more. There are some sweet makers who are, however, trying their best to bring back some old sweets, albeit with a little twist.At the shops of Balaram Mullick you will sometimes come across old favourites like Nikuti, Ram Bonde and Monda. All of these were old Kolkata favourites beating even the rossogolla at times. Though most sweet shops have bid adieu to these, Sudip Mullick of Balaram Mullick feels that our sweets heritage should be preserved at all costs. And it is not enough to just bring back the old sweets. \"We need to generate excitement about these among the youth. So we've made them modern by adding or deducting a little,\" he said. Thus, the Monda is now Amrito Monda and has a belly full of gur. The Ram Bonde gets its name from their giant size.Experiment with sweets is the order of the day. So you have exotic types of sandesh like Chocolate Excess and Chocolate Bonbon. \"Everyone is adding a lot of chocolate to its traditional sandesh preparations keeping changing tastes in mind. We are no exception and all variants of our chocolate sandesh have become a huge hit,\" said Partha Nandy of Girish Chandra Dey &amp; Nakur Chandra Nandy. Along with old favourites, there are several new and innovative sweets on the trays at this old sweet haunt off Hedua that are being made with the stuffing of chhana, madhuja - a stuffing of doi and kheer, malai, butterscotch and strawberry. Some new sweets here are chocolate malai rolls, three star sandesh with butterscotch, strawberry and chocolate flavours etc.Balaram Mullick will introduce its nalen gurer truffle sandesh and chanar cheese cake with pineapple slices this year, keeping the youth in mind. Similarly, the 186 year old Bhim Chandra Nag is introducing a sandesh that will have generous doses of chocolate and saffron to give an indigenous yet exotic taste to the sandesh, said Pradip Nag, proprietor.He rues the fact that two of its oldest sandesh preparations, Ashu Bhog and Banglar Gola, which were huge hits 100 years ago are lost forever. Ashu Bhog, as the name suggests, was a special sandesh made from kanchagolla and a special mix of saffron, pistachios etc especially for Sir Ashutosh Mukherjee. Again, Banglar Gola was a giant sized sandesh that had a filling of roasted almonds. \"These are time consuming preparations and extremely expensive. Moreover, we don't have karigars for these anymore,\" Nag added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028689", "title": "Office space demand, rentals stabilise in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Demand for office space in the city and suburbs, dominated by the information technology and its enabled services, has stabilised since there is a moderation in supply with no significant addition coming in.As a consequence, the rentals for office space too have stabilised or have shown a rise in select locations, industry experts have said. The total absorption of office space will be approximately four million sq ft during 2012, despite a perceived slowdown of economic activity globally and in India, the experts said.According to a quarterly report for July-September 2012 by real estate consultancy company C B Richard Ellis (CBRE), existing vacancy levels and lower demand resulted in a steep deceleration in supply addition across most leading cities in the country. About five million sq ft of office space was completed in the third quarter of 2012, compared to more than nine million sq ft in the previous quarter, a decline of about 47% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, the report said, adding that the sharp decline can be attributed to existing vacancy pressures across most office markets, which resulted into delays in project completions.Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director, CBRE, South Asia Pvt Ltd, said, \"While the first half of 2012 witnessed an increase in office space absorption, the figures for the third quarter of 2012 confirm the expected decline in demand for office space in the second half of the year.\"In Pune's Central Business District (CBD) of M G Road, Koregaon Park, Bund Garden, Kalyaninagar, Dhole Patil, F C Road and J M Road, an increase in transaction activity was observed as compared to the previous quarter, the report said. There was no fresh supply addition, while about 89,000 sq ft of Grade A office space was absorbed during this quarter.Increased demand and absence of quality supply has stabilised the rentals while it resulted into a marginal rental appreciation of 2 to 3% over the last quarter (April-June) in the IT segment, the report indicated. Values remained stable in the non-IT/commercial segment, the report added.Sanjay Bajaj, managing director for Pune at real estate advisors Jones Lang LaSalle , said the supply of quality Grade A office space, often demanded by the IT /ITeS segment has shrunk leading to a rise in rentals in prime areas. The rentals have gone up in these areas from Rs 28 - Rs 30 per sq ft in 2010 to Rs 40 now. In some locations it is as high as Rs 60 per sq ft, he said.The CBRE report said a number of transactions which are under negotiation in the Pune market will lead to substantial absorption over the coming few quarters. \"The BFSI (banking, financial services, insurance) segment is likely to drive demand for office space in the Off CBD - central business district - and PBD - peripheral business district - locations. Increased demand and insufficient quality supply is likely to propel rental growth in these markets in the near future,\" the report said.According to Bajaj, good quality Grade A space is available in SEZs in the western parts of the city such as Hinjewadi. \"Pune is benefiting from the slide in demand for office space in metros thanks to the unaffordable rentals there, and high end work such as engineering R&D; is moving to the city. This will firm up or even raise the demand and rentals,\" Bajaj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17027759", "title": "Governor Devanand Konwar asks VCs to simplify convocation", "text": "PATNA: The age-old practice of annual convocation, having unnecessary pomp and show with students as well as faculty members wearing robes, gives an altogether theatrical appearance. It must be done away with. This was the view of governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar at VC's meeting at Raj Bhavan. He said VCs must propose a simple model of holding convocation.He also asked VCs to come up with uniform approach for solving common problems prevalent in various institutions of higher education.\"So far, only one or two universities have announced elections to the students' union, others are still silent. Similarly, Patna University has introduced semester system, others are yet to initiate the process in this regard. The VCs should frame uniform regulations on all such issues and send the same to the Raj Bhavan after getting them approved by various statutory bodies like academic council, syndicate and senate,\" Konwar said.He further said elections to the university students' union should be held as per the provisions of the Lyngdoh Committee report as approved by the Supreme Court, he said.Earlier, the VCs submitted to the governor a common representation drawing his attention towards the difficulties being faced by them in implementing the recent government notification on rationalization of teaching posts. The VCs said that the teachers' requirement in different institutions were calculated on the basis of student strength in 2007. However, the number of seats in different colleges were doubled in 2010. Similarly, the introduction of credit-based semester system required the services of greater number of teachers as the courses have to be covered within the fixed time frame. Moreover, the number of specialized teachers to teach special papers at the post-graduation stage must also be taken into consideration while determining the strength of required teachers in different departments, they said.The governor asked VCs to suggest ways for effective rationalization through proper resolutions to be adopted by various statutory bodies of the universities. He would study their problems and take appropriate remedial measures. A copy of these resolutions must also be sent to the state government, he said.The meeting was attended by Patna University VC Shambhu Nath Singh, J P University VC Ram Binod Singh, L N Mithila University VC S P Singh, Veer Kunwar Singh University VC Kumaresh Prasad Singh, K S D Sanskrit University VC Arvind Kumar Pandey, B R A Bihar and Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur universities' VC Bimal Kumar, Magadh, B N Mandal and Nalanda Open universities' VC Arun Kumar, Rajendra Agricultural University VC R K Mittal, and special secretary to governor Sudhir Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026398", "title": "Vighe was nabbed earlier by GRP", "text": "NAGPUR: Praveen Vighe, who is the complainant in Tuesday's robbery case, was arrested at Nagpur railway station by Government Railway Police on October 10 for transporting jewellery illegally.Police sources said that Vighe and another person named Shyam were carrying jewellery worth Rs1.80 crore. They had come from Mumbai to Nagpur by Vidarbha Express. Vighe was detained as he could not produce documents related to the jewellery and did not even have an identity card.During investigations, it was learnt that the jewellery, which had been brought in a parcel marked to Khandelwal Logistics, belonged to around 40 jewellers in the city. Some jewellers later produced requisite documents and their jewellery was released. However, ornaments worth Rs19.40 lakh are still in GRP's custody. Police said that so far, no one has come forward to claim them.Vighe was later freed on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17027984", "title": "Coming: Roads that glow, charge cars", "text": "LONDON: Roads that glow in the dark and could one day even charge electric cars are set be introduced in the Netherlands soon.'Smart Highways' unveiled last week at Dutch Design Week will use the latest technologies in roads which their designers claim will be 'more sustainable, safe and intuitive' , the Daily Mail reported recently.The companies behind the project said their goal is to turn around the usual route of transport innovation by focusing on the highway rather than the vehicles which use it.Among the most ambitious of the ideas for the future of road travel are special lanes which will allow drivers of electric cars to recharge their vehicles as they travel along them.Another plan is to fit the roads with power-saving lights which will gradually brighten as vehicles approach and then switch themselves off after they pass.Those ideas are still some years off, but from next year Dutch roads will be painted with lines made from a photoluminescent powder that charges in sunlight to illuminate the road for up to 10 hours overnight.Another technology aimed for implementation next year is temperature-responsive dynamic paint which will make ice-crystals visible to drivers when cold weather makes the road surfaces slippery.The ideas - developed by Dutch firms Studio Roosegaarde and Heijmans Infrastructure - have already been hailed as the 'Best Future Concept' at the Dutch Design Awards.However, there is no information yet on how lanes which recharge electric cars travelling among them might work.\"Innovative designs such as the Glow-in-the-Dark Road, Dynamic Paint, Interactive Light, Induction Priority Lane and Wind Light will be realised within the following five years,\" the Studio Roosegarde said. \"The goal is to make roads that are more sustainable and interactive by using interactive lights, smart energy and road signs that adapt to specific traffic situations,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027503", "title": "Will IAC drop another bombshell today?", "text": "NEW DELHI: A familiar dread gripped political circles on Tuesday evening after word got out that Arivind Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption (IAC) is on the warpath again. After \"exposing'' Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra and BJP president Nitin Gadkari , speculation is rife over the anti-graft body's next target.The Wednesday press conference will be keenly watched as it is felt pressure will be on Kejriwal and his colleague Prashant Bhushan to prove they haven't run out of ammunition following the perception that the Gadkari expose was a bit of a damp squib.IAC was rescued with Gadkari facing fire over his business dealings that came to light after Kejriwal went after him over an alleged irrigation land acquisition scam. Having to meet growing expectations will mean IAC will have to choose its target with care.Although the anti-graft crusaders have tasted considerable success, the recent ministerial reshuffle has seen the promotion of Salman Khurshid as external affairs ministers despite a media expose on a trust he runs. The exit of Subodh Kant Sahay can, however, be seen as Congress taking note of critical public opinion.Kejriwal and Bhushan had hit a high with their attack on the Haryana government for allegedly winking at DLF offering sweetheart deals to Vadra. Their pincer attack exposed a fumbling Congress and exposed BJP for being silent on Vadra in the past. However, lack of strong documentation in the Gadkari case was a let down and was seen as an attempt to \"balance\" attacks on Congress.BJP leaders defended Gadkari strongly and charges of a quid pro quo with NCP leaders did not stick. Supporters felt activists had risked their credibility by hasty assumptions of wrong-doing under pressure to appear even-handed in their activism.IAC was successful in establishing a common thread in political influence had been unduly used for private profit in both cases. In Vadra's case his personal wealth grew from Rs 65 lakh to Rs 300 crore in three years, while Gadkari was alleged to have acquired farm land in the guise of social entrepreneurship but then using it for private gains.While IAC may not have gained much mileage recently, the activists were able to mount a campaign against Delhi's power distribution companies and the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) did announce a tariff rollback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027762", "title": "Press council to probe attack on media house", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council of India has constituted a one-man committee to probe into the incident of attack on a religious place and a media house in Faizabad last week.PCI chairman Markandey Katju appointed a member and Faizabad's Jan Morcha editor Sheetla Singh to inquire into the incident on a complaint filed by activist Teesta Setalvad and submit his report at the earliest, a statement from the PCI said.A religious place was gutted and destroyed by vandals. The office of bilingual Hindi-Urdu publication 'Aap ki Taaqat', which was on its first floor was also vandalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028434", "title": "Drunken driver hits 2 in Lalbagh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Residents of the Lalbagh area witnessed a cat and mouse like chase between a SUV driver and police officials on Tuesday when driver of a SUV was trying to escape after hitting two people near Noor Manzil Psychiatric Centre. Following a brief chase, the police was able to overcome the drunk driver identified as Amir Khan , a resident of FI tower on Cantt Road. Khan on being caught, allegedly, started throwing his weight around on cops in an inebriated state. Khan's vehicle was sporting the flag of the ruling party.The cops took him to the Balrampur Hospital for the blood test, which confirmed high amount of alcohol in his blood streams. Khan, allegedly, was on his way to meet his friends under the influence of alcohol, when he hit two individuals close to 5.45 p.m. The injured were rushed to hospital by local people and could not be traced by police till late Tuesday.An eyewitness reported the matter to a team of policemen who were carrying out routine checking of motor vehicles close to the accident spot. Khan was brought to the Qaiserbagh police station, where case under Motor Vehicle Act was registered against him. The police also seized his vehicle, as he was unable to produce any document confirming the ownership of the SUV.Khan, who claimed to be an advocate by profession to police, was later released on a personal bond. \"We were not approached by anybody to register the complaint. The kin of the injured, can register the case with the police and we will take necessary action against Khan,\" said Sandeep Rai, the official carrying out the investigation into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028363", "title": "Changes in draft Land Acquisition Rehabilitation and Resettlement Bill may stall projects", "text": "JAIPUR: With various departments of the state government facing problems in taking possession of acquired land, new changes in the draft Land Acquisition Rehabilitation and Resettlement (LARR) Bill 2011 might pose roadblocks for various projects.In the proposed bill, the percentage of land owners, whose consent is essential for acquiring land for private purposes, has been raised from 67% to 80%. However, land owners' consent is not required for acquiring land for public purposes.If the proposed changes are incorporated in the draft, then many projects and housing schemes of the state government proposed to develop on acquired land will be stalled as the land owners are already protesting.The decision has delighted the owners whose land has been acquired for various projects as many claimed the state government is acquiring extra land.\"Farmers have always shown consent for constructing the transport corridor. After fresh changes in the bill, the state government will not be able to acquire extra land from the framers to fill its coffers,\" said Virendra Katewa, secretary, Ring Road Sangharsh Samiti.Under the Ring Road project, government had proposed a 90-metre-wide transport corridor and 135-metre-wide development corridors on both sides of the transport corridor. The idea has, however, not gone down too well with the farmers who are demanding compensation at market price for the 90-metre stretch and return of excess land.\"The JDA is acquiring 360m land for the Ring Road where only 90m is required. We have no objection on acquisition of 90m of land if we are compensated at market price. Our protest will continue till the excess land (above 90 m) is not returned,\" Katewa said.Similarly, land acquisition is plaguing as many as six colonies proposed by JDA. A senior JDA official said, \"Land acquisition has become a major cause for delay. As JDA doesn't have enough land, it has no option but to acquire it from private owners.\"For instance, in Ninder housing scheme, the JDA has failed to acquire land, said sources. Proposed to be developed on 1,100 bigha land on Sikar Road, the Ninder project is the biggest after Prithviraj Nagar. The authority has to still acquire 900 bighas from private owners for the project.An official said that after issuing Section 4(1) of Land Acquisition Act-1894, around 400 objections have been raised against land acquisition for the scheme. Several private owners have protested and refused to give up their land.On the other hand, senior UDH official said, \"We can't say whether the bill will be passed or not. We will follow whatever the government decides.\"After the LARR Bill 2011 was introduced in Lok Sabha on September 7, the government is facing heat from land owners. In the projects where government has not taken possession of the acquired land so far, the land owners are reluctant to hand-over the land till the bill is enforced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17028824", "title": "Poor MGNREGA work dismays Yashwant Sinha", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Former Union minister and local MP Yashwant Sinha on Tuesday expressed dissatisfaction over poor response for work under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act.As chairman of the district vigilance and monitoring committee, he reviewed the progress of development and welfare work. \"It is surprising that out of 1,79,755 job cards issued against in the district, 466 workers have completed 100 days,\" said Sinha adding that the reason behind poor response was the delayed payment. \"Even after completion of projects two years ago, hundreds of workers are yet to receive their wages. This was a serious lapse on the part of the administration,\" said Sinha. He asked the deputy commissioner and the deputy development commissioner to find out the reasons why the workers were not coming forward to get themselves engaged in the MNREGA where they were assured of jobs as well as enhanced rate of wages.He said, \"Perhaps the reasons behind the low percentage of labourers joining the MNREGA was non-payment of wages and this may be a major factor and this was the reason why the labourers got disenchanted towards the MNREGA.\"Sinha said he had instructed the deputy commissioner to find out why a large number of schemes taken under the MGNREGA could not be completed on time. The MP said all the members, including the DC, expressed strong protest over the action taken by the Barhi forest division by arresting 70 tribal workers while they were engaged in constructing roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026393", "title": "Initial probe rules out sexual abuse at shelter", "text": "MUMBAI: Preliminary investigations have failed to indicate sexual abuse of women at the state-run Navjeevan Mahila Vastigrah in Mankhurd.On Saturday, around 60 women housed in the shelter tried to escape. following a tiff with the caretakers.Of the 36 who scaled the shelter's compound wall, 13 were caught while 23 escaped. One of the escaped inmates later alleged that armed men would barge into the shelter and rape women. Following this, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan ordered the crime branch to probe the allegation.A crime branch team on Tuesday recorded the statements of eight inmates. The police have so far not been able to trace the woman who had alleged sexual abuse at the shelter. Sources said deputy commissioner of police (crime) Ambadas Potte, who was accompanied by four women police inspectors, randomly asked inmates to record their statements. \"It's too early to comment. We have recorded the statements of eight women and none of them have so far complained of sexual abuse. The process will go on for a few more days,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.Meanwhile, the preliminary report of a department-level probe into the matter by the state women and child development department has been submitted to the government. The report , prepared by the divisional commissioner Rajendra Pokharkar, claimed that at least 16 inmates have given written submissions, saying no act of sexual abuse took place inside the home.The inquiry was ordered after one of the inmates who fled the home on October 27 was quoted by a leading tabloid as claiming that armed men would repeatedly barge inside the home and rape inmates. Besides the written submissions, the report also claims that some other inmates had given oral submissions to this effect.The report has, however, pointed out that the some of the inmates had been languishing in the shelter for over a year despite being released by the court due to inability of the police to make arrangements to escort them to their native places. as per rules.It claimed that close to 300 inmates were present inside the home even though its capacity was 100.Repeated pleas were made by officials at the home to the police for the \"escort\" arrangements but these went unheard, the report said, adding that \"dismay at not being released despite favourable orders\" was a reason behind an earlier incident in September this year, when 17 inmates escaped. The department claimed that WCD minister Varsha Gaikwad had even written to home minister RR Patil on September 28 regarding the arrangements'.The report has also refuted claims of substandard living conditions and food at the home on the basis of statements from inmates. It has alleged that some inmates had spread rumours about the presence of a stranger of the building's terrace on October 26, which led to panic among other inmates.It has said that a heated argument took place between inmates and the caretaker around noon on October 27. About 23 inmates managed to slip outside.The Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday ordered an inquiry into the alleged sexual abuse of women in the rescue home, meant for those women and juvenile rescued by police from various beer bars and brothels in the city. Chavan has asked the Mumbai crime branch to inquire into and submit the report within a week.The Rescue home is in the eye of storm following two incidents where (victims) inmates have fled two occasions. In the first incident around 36 of them fled last month and in second out of 23 of them fled last week, the police were able to nab 13 of them. Meanwhile the local court on Sunday remanded the 13 women to police custody till November 5.Deputy commissioner of police (zone 6) Lakshmi Gatuam has initiated an inquiry into the escape. During the probe, the police found the names of all the 36 women, including those who escaped, were fake. \"This is making it difficult to track them,\" said an officer, said which made it difficult to track them down. The same is the case status in the 17 women who had escaped on September 10, said the police.In her statement, a woman cop who had witnessed the escape on October 27 said, , told in her statement to the Govandi police the women managed to escape \"A fight broke out between the inmates and a woman guard present close to cell door entered to stop the fight. Taking it as an opportunity few women broke the door glass while others made a gap by bending the iron rod to jump out of the cell,\" said a Govandi police senior officer.Few women guards and a woman cop who were on duty at different points in the premises were unaware about ruckus. Later they heard the woman guard screaming made them to rush to the spot and found several women who were properly dressed jumping the compound wall. The officials managed to pull down the 13 women who had climbed half way to the compound to escape. The 13 nabbed women didn't reveal whether thy had planned the escape also did not reveal the whereabouts of the 23 escapees. Whatever information they had provided about them when they were rescued from brothels and bars across the city has turned out fake,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027807", "title": "SP MLA seeks probe against zila panchayat chairman", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding inquiry into alleged amassing of assets worth several crores by zila panchayat chairman, Samajwadi Party leader and Meja MLA, Girish Chandra Pandey said the report of district magistrate Allahabad in 2003-4 had found the above allegations true.Pandey said the DM's report was put on the backburner by the Bahujan Samaj Party government.Accusing the zila panchayat chief of obtaining payments several times against single work, Pandey said the matter needs to be investigated.Moreover, shops coming under the jurisdiction of zila panchayat were auctioned at throw away prices, he further alleged.Meanwhile, SP leader Vinay Kushwaha said panchayat members are being forced to support the present chairman and no development works have been undertaken under the tenure of the present chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028458", "title": "Lucknow ranks second in fatal accidents", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state capital fares worst among other capital cities in terms of road accident casualties, second only to Patna . The road severity figures (persons killed in per 100 accidents) of Lucknow are on the higher side compared to its counterparts such as Jaipur, Bhopal and Ahmedabad. The 41 motorists who meet with road accidents lose their lives in Lucknow, a dismal figure for a capital city in the country.Expansion in road network, surge in number of motor vehicles coupled with issues like lack of footpath, service lanes, speed calming measures at major intersections, among others have led to consistent increase in number of road accident deaths over the years.Mohit Dev, a transport planner based out of Lucknow, points out the following ways to improve road safety: \"While within the city, road design and traffic intersections can be improved, on highways it is important to construct separate pedestrian or bicycle lanes. Conflicts between motorists and pedestrians have to minimum.\" Dev added that equally important is to streamline, medical care and emergency services.The government on Tuesday directed the motor vehicle and police departments to take measures to improve road safety measures. In days to come drives to fine motorists will be undertaken. The first phase will focus on checking the beacon-clad motor vehicles, and the second will be aimed at heavy motor vehicles which do not brandish reflectors, fluorescent ribbons and functional blinkers in wake up of winter season. Drives will be also carried out within the city to impound motorists of two-wheelers and light motor vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17027998", "title": "Cyclone Nilam to hit state Tamil Nadu today", "text": "CHENNAI: The city is bracing for Cyclone Nilam, which is likely to bring heavy rain and gusty winds that could reach speeds up to 65kmph.By 5pm on Tuesday, the cyclone was 500km southeast of Chennai. It was stationary for more than 12 hours but started moving in a north-northwesterly direction, and is likely to cross the shore between Nellore in AP and Cuddalore in TN. \"Chennai will have a bit of rough weather on Wednesday evening as the cyclone moves closer,\" said IMD deputy director general Y E A Raj.The system started as a trough of low pressure over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on Friday.The Tamil Nadu and Puducherry governments have put their disaster management cells on high alert as they gear up to face the onslaught of Cyclone Nilam, expected to cross the coast in northern Tamil Nadu or southern Andhra Pradesh on Wednesday evening.There will be heavy rain, but the wind speed is expected to be in the region of 50kmph to 65kmph, much lower than last year's Thane, which, blowing at 140kmph, uprooted trees, damaged houses and wreaked havoc in many coastal districts. Still, the government does not want to take chances and is prepared to meet any eventuality, said officials in the disaster management department. Also, there are fears that at the time of landfall, the speed of wind could get close to 90kmph.Warning signals have been put up at all ports and fishermen have been advised not to venture into the sea.Learning lessons from Thane, which disrupted power supply in many parts of Cuddalore district for about 25 days, the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board has made arrangements for quick restoration of lines this time. Enough electric poles and other equipment have been kept in reserve for this purpose, said a TNEB official.Commissioner for disaster management and mitigation Jatindranath Swain said 22 departments had been engaged to ensure proper coordination in relief operations in all coastal districts. Senior IAS officials had been sent to 13 coastal districts to monitor disaster management preparedness and relief operations there. Even interior districts are in a state of alert, he said.Close on the heels of a review meeting chaired by chief minister J Jayalalithaa on October 20, all district collectors have readied relief camps for people evacuated from their houses.A battalion of national disaster response force and two battalions of the state disaster response force are in Chennai so that they can move to any part of the state in case of a crisis. A month's food supply has been stocked in all coastal districts to feed those who come to relief camps, said Swain.Puducherry district collector S B Deepak Kumar said the administration had formed 16 'quick response teams' and established a 24-hour control room with the toll free number 1077 manned by a tahsildar to assist the public.He said the relief centres were ready to accommodate people evacuating from low-lying regions. There are 12,000-odd families in 15 fishing hamlets along the 24km coastline between Kanagachettikulam and Moorthikuppam in the Union territory and the administration has kept all cyclone shelters in the villages ready. The Puducherry government has declared a holiday for private and government schools and colleges for the third consecutive day on Wednesday.Cuddalore district collector Rajendra Ratnoo said three zonal officers had been appointed in each of the 13 blocks in the district to oversee rescue and relief activities. The officials visited vulnerable regions on Tuesday. \"We have put all officers on high alert. We have set up community kitchens with adequate essential commodities and manpower,\" Ratnoo said.Reservoirs Reach CapacityMost water bodies were brimming to capacity following the incessant rain on Wednesday. The water level in Veeranam Lake, a prime water source for Chennai, stood at 44.8 feet as against the full capacity of 47.5 feet on Tuesday. The level at Sathanur dam was 82.5 feet (full capacity 119 feet), Gomuki dam 43.6 feet (full capacity 46 feet), Manimutharu 27.4 feet (full capacity 36 feet), Perumal lake 5.5 feet (full capacity 6.5 feet), and Wellington lake 11.3 feet (capacity 27.4 feet) WAITING FOR THE STORM Shelters 22 Govt Departments Readied For People Are Ready Living to Near Coordinate The Sea Relief Efforts.What is a CYCLONE?A revolving storm caused by winds blowing around an area of low atmospheric pressure. In the southern hemisphere where the winds blow in a clockwise direction, tropical storms are known as cyclones, in the northern hemisphere where the winds blow anti-clockwise, they are called hurricanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17028578", "title": "Little Sera's joy knows no bounds", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Enjoying the celebrity status, little Sera smiled and said, \"I feel so happy. President uncle told me that he would keep my painting at the art gallery in Rashtrapathi Bhavan.\"After hours of uncertainty, Sera Mariam Binny, a class V student of Holy Angels Higher Secondary School in the city, finally got the chance to meet President Pranab Mukherjee at Raj Bhavan on Tuesday. Apart from her painting and book, Sera also had in her mind a special request to the President. \"I requested him to do something to protect our environment. He has promised me that he will initiate necessary steps to prevent pollution,\" said Sera.Sera presented her favorite painting 'Music of the Sea' and the first copy of her travelogue- 'Serayude Yathrakal' to the President. \"He was surprised to see that I had written a book and was glad to receive its first copy. He gave me his autograph and advised me to try writing in English. He wanted me to translate my book into English and send him a copy,\" she said.The President interacted with Sera and family in the presence of ministers K C Joseph and V S Sivakumar.As per the schedule, Sera was supposed to meet the President at 7.30pm on Monday. But the meeting was cancelled as the security clearance was not completed.Knowing about the confusion, Union minister Shashi Tharoor intervened and finalized the appointment for Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027294", "title": "No case against Voda, Airtel in 2G case: Director of prosecution", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a jolt to the CBI team probing the 2G spectrum scam which was readying a charge-sheet against telecom giants Airtel and Vodafone (then Hutchison Max Pvt Ltd) for alleged irregularities during late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan's tenure, the director of prosecution (DoP) has said that \"no case is made out against the private companies\".The DoP, which was sent the draft charge-sheet by the investigating team for its opinion, said that \"Airtel and Vodafone only benefitted from the policy made by the Department of Telecom (DoT)\". The CBI's investigation, on the other hand, revealed that \"there was a criminal conspiracy along with government officials which caused a cumulative gain of Rs 508.22 crore to the private telecom companies\", a source in the agency said.CBI director A P Singh agreed with his investigating team that private companies were liable to be charged for criminal conspiracy.Following the difference of opinion between the investigating team and the DoP, the draft charge-sheet has been sent to the law ministry for its opinion, the source said. The agency is expecting a reply within 10 days. \"We will go with the opinion of the law ministry,\" the source said.The file was sent to the law ministry last week following the adverse DoP opinion. \"Our investigations and documents recovered clearly show that there was a criminal conspiracy which led to benefitting the private companies,\" the source said.Earlier, CBI was supposed to file the charge-sheet by mid-October but it got delayed due to Airtel representatives giving a representation on the allocation to the agency.According to CBI sources, besides Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Sterling Cellular, former telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh and former director of BSNL J R Gupta are likely to be named in the charge-sheet, if the opinion comes in favour of the investigating team.It has been alleged that government officials showed undue favour and caused undue cumulative advantage of approximately Rs 508.22 crore to private telecom companies. \"Department of Telecom had increased the base spectrum for telecom companies from 4.4 Mhz to 6.2 Mhz during Mahajan's tenure from 2001 to 2003 and also allocated extra spectrum on subscriber-based criteria,\" said a CBI officer.Three companies named in the FIR, Bharti Cellular Ltd (now known as Bharti Airtel Ltd), Hutchison Max Pvt Ltd, Mumbai (now Vodafone Essar Ltd) and Sterling Cellular Ltd, New Delhi (now Vodafone Essar Mobile Services Ltd) allegedly \"connived with DoT officials and got benefitted with additional spectrum\".The investigations revealed that \"with the approval of former telecom minister Pramod Mahajan in 2002, DoT officials took a hurried decision on January 31, 2002 and gave away additional spectrum beyond 6.2 MHz up to 10 MHz, in violation of the report of technical committee. But instead of charging incremental one per cent Adjusted Gross Revenue (AGR) beyond 6.2 MHz and 2 per cent AGR on allotment of spectrum beyond 8 MHz, they charged only 1 per cent AGR for allotting additional spectrum from 6.2 MHz upto 10 MHz\". This policy of DoT was followed till 2007 and it resulted in a presumptive loss of Rs 508.22 crore to the exchequer and benefitted telecom companies and officials, said the officer.\"On January 31, 2002, Pramod Mahajan convened a meeting to discuss the matter relating to allotment of additional spectrum beyond 4.4 MHz in 900 MHz band to the existing cellular operators in Mumbai and Delhi metro service areas. A note in this regard was put up by J R Gupta that one operator in Delhi reached the level of 5 lakh customers and other operators were expected to reach that level in a few months,\" said the officer, adding, \"It was decided, in the meeting, to allot additional spectrum of 1.8 MHz @ 1 per cent AGR. The note seeking approval of additional/excess spectrum up to 10 MHz in future was straightaway marked to Shyamal Ghosh (then telecom secretary) and then to Pramod Mahajan and was approved on the same day,\" the official said.It is alleged that \"proposal was not submitted to the wireless advisor (who was retiring that day), member (P), member (finance) and the minister of state, who all were said to be out of station\". \"However, the notings mentioned that above scheme was also discussed by member (F) with officers from WPC (wireless, planning and coordination) and he was agreeable to the scheme,\" the official added.Both Bharti and Vodafone had clarified after CBI filed an FIR that they had always maintained the \"highest standard of corporate governance and regulatory compliance\".Agency sources said Mahajan would not be named in the charge-sheet as an accused as he is dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17028547", "title": "Mayyanadu school embarks on a green mission", "text": "KOLLAM: At a time when the mangrove cover in the district is on the verge of extinction, a group of students and teachers of Mayyanadu Higher Secondary School has come up with a mangrove afforestation mission. The students of the school have planted around 1,000 saplings on the banks of Paravoor river, once famous for thick mangrove vegetation, as part of an initiative of the school's eco club. The initiative is being supported by Help Foundation, an NGO.According to Manoj V, convener of the eco club, it was seven months ago that the idea to plant the saplings sprouted in the minds of the students. \"The Help Foundation, that conducts studies and researches on the Paravoor lake, offered us the much needed support. The first phase of afforestation mission has been completed,\" he said. Social forestry department has also helped them by providing the saplings needed for the first phase and Mayyanad gram panchayat authorities lend their hands in making the first phase a success.But, during the initial stage, the students faced a problem as they were not sure about where the saplings should be planted. As there are different varieties of mangrove plants, each needed suitable iodized marshy land to grow. They planted three varieties in the Lakshmipuram Thoppu sector -- 'Pranthankandal', 'Vallikkandal' and 'Theekandal'. But, only the Pranthankandal survived while the other two varieties died down at the early stage due to lack of favorable atmosphere. In the second phase, the students are planning to grow the saplings from the seeds in the school itself with the help of the foundation.Students from the school would visit the spot every two weeks and will record the growth of the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027266", "title": "Purnima Gupta taught Kochi also celebrates Durga Puja every year", "text": "KOCHI: When Maharaja's College started its Bengali department in 1965, most students were Malayalis and that trend continued till the department was closed after the only teacher, Purnima Gupta, took voluntary retirement as she could not singly handle the department workload.\"Malayalis preferred to learn Bengali as they believed that it would help them if they had to work in Kolkata or the north-eastern parts of India,\" said Gupta, who worked for almost 25 years in the department that was started by Neelima Abraham, who had married a Malayali.The Kerala-Bengal link is strong thanks to the communist connect that began ages ago.\"We also connect intellectually. There are a lot of Keralites who have lived and worked in Kolkata and other cities. After returning home, they would like to stay connected with their friends and there are people who are married to Bengalis and vice versa. Hence our membership is open to Keralites and Bengalis,\" said former president of Kerala Banga Sanskriti Sangha (KBSS) Ranajit Kanjilal, who has been a resident for the past three decades.Ranajit himself has a Kerala connect. \"We started Geojit and it was George's wife who coined that name by clubbing 'Geo and jith'. I have retired from the firm now,\" he recollected.And where there are Bengalis, there is Durga Puja. And the city joins the celebrations every year at the Rabindra Bhavan in Kadavantra.Interestingly, it is not the 60-70 Bengali families that participate in the festivities, but people from other communities.The Sangha, which was set up in 1967, is socially active. It has organized medical camps, contributed to tribal welfare and also distributed medicines to various hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "17027857", "title": "I-T heat on companies linked to Nitin Gadkari", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The income tax department on Tuesday began questioning directors of firms linked to BJP president Nitin Gadkari after more than a dozen companies associated with his Purti group were issued summons to present a list of their shareholders, investments and transactions details.A senior I-T official said at least a dozen firms based out of Mumbai have been issued notices under Section 131 of the Income Tax Act and some of its officials questioned. A few firms under the scanner in Kolkata and Delhi are also being investigated and their officials are being questioned.The department also conducted on the spot examinations at 12 locations in Mumbai and Thane shown as addresses of shareholders in the Purti group of companies which was founded by the BJP chief.Senior officials in the I-T department said companies were not functional at a number of these locations, and confirmed reports that peons, drivers and a liftman were shown as directors of some of these companies.Gadkari has denied all the charges, complained of a conspiracy and threatened to take legal action against what he called \"defamation\". On Tuesday, with the I-T department swinging into action, he took time off his official engagements to hold consultations, a party statement said, with legal experts in Mumbai and Nagpur.The addresses where the I-T department visited in Mumbai included Damji Shamji Trade Centre at Vidyavihar (West), Dube Chawl at Andheri Kurla Road, two locations at Fort and Gupta Compound at Thane, among others.As per the latest records of the Registrar of Companies, four shareholding companies -- Seven-Eleven Sales and Marketing Pvt Ltd, Ashwami Sales and Marketing Pvt, Nivita Trades Pvt Ltd and Rigma Fintrade Pvt Ltd -- were shown as operating from the Vidyavihar office. Interestingly, at least three of these offices had earlier shown a room at Dube Chawl at the Andheri Kurla Road as their address. TOI's investigation had found that the offices never existed in the chawl.TOI had earlier reported that some two dozen companies had unverifiable addresses.In what is seen as a politically sensitive case involving the president of the chief opposition party, directors general of investigation of Pune, Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata have for the last week been seeking to dig out information related to companies linked to the BJP chief and his kin. The high-profile investigation is being coordinated by the Central Board of Direct Taxes in the finance ministry.An I-T official associated with the probe said investigators were picking up threads from disclosures in media about the controversial business practices of Purti and were in the process of verifying these claims. Most of the transactions that have come under scanner of the department relates to year 2005 to 2007, he added.Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Ltd is at the centre of the probe and all transactions related to the group of companies are being looked into. It is suspected that money flowed into the group from a multi-layered maze of companies registered across the country.Several companies in Mumbai and Kolkata were found to have links with the Purti group. Some of these include Anantika Infrastructure, Fast Buildwell, Update Mercantile, Seven-Eleven Sales and Marketing, Carnival Distributors, Fair Vyapaar and Kuber Agency.Some companies have been linked with other alleged front entities that are based out of Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai. For instance, Fast Buildwell is held by 17 companies. Of them, 12 are based in Kolkata, four in Delhi and one in Mumbai. One of the shareholders in Fast Buildwell is a Delhi-based company called King Buildwell which is registered in Munirka village in south Delhi. King Buildwell, in turn, is controlled by two individuals based in Kolkata.As TOI reported earlier, a preliminary assessment suggests that the total number of companies and individuals involved in funding Purti through the multi-layered operation may run into more than 100. Many of these companies which invested into Purti have no known source of income.Update Mercantile, which holds 29 lakh Purti shares, is controlled by 39 shareholders including Gadkari's driver Manohar Panse and accountant Kwadu Zade.TOI's investigation also found that none of the companies mentioned on addresses in Fort existed on the address. Five companies -- Swiftsol (India) Private Limited; Mahawideh Securities and Investments Private Limited, All Wise Finvest Pvt Ltd, Update Mercantile Pvt Ltd and Earnwell Traders Pvt Ltd -- were shown as operating from Gupta Compound at Louiswadi in Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17027335", "title": "'Airport panchayats' move to prevent bird-hits", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa collector N D Agarwal on Tuesday said that things are falling in place towards preventing aircrafts from suffering bird hits as the village panchayats of Velsao-Pale, Chicalim, Sancoale and Bogmalo-Chicolna and the Mormugao municipal council (MMC) have taken measures for collection of garbage on regular basis which was not happening earlier.This is in view of cases of bird hits whose root cause is mismanagement of garbage in the area.The collector had earlier given the four panchayats and the MMC time till October 31 to clear garbage within 10km of Dabolim airport to prevent bird hits, failing which he would have proceeded under Section 133 of CrPC against these bodies.The South Goa collector, who is monitoring the situation, said that he wants the entire district administration to gets its garbage management in order as he has called a review meeting within 15 days to discuss their future course of action.Agarwal, while speaking to TOI on Tuesday, also spoke of his interactions with Indian Navy officials where he was apprised of the methods and technology which they employ to treat their garbage.Agarwal said that given their success in preventing bird hit incidents, the government had already roped in the science and technology department to study the Indian Navy's method and similarly treat garbage.\"The big problem is that each panchayat does not have a place for a treatment facility and as you are aware, the MMC did not agree to the proposal of handling the waste of these villages,\" Agarwal said.\"There are two issues here. One is that of garbage management of that area and the second and the more pressing one is to clear and collect the garbage from the airport's radius to prevent the incidents of bird hit accidents,\" said Agarwal, whiles stating that the panchayats were following his directives.\"From our studies, we understand that this issue of bird hits is not entirely because of the garbage as not all birds come into the picture. There are types of birds and we are trying to identify what type of birds get involved in these bird hits and we are working on how to prevent these bird-hits,\" said Agarwal.Agarwal went on to compare the behavior of peacocks and eagles/crows and pointed out that peacocks that are involved in bird hit incidents do not go to places where garbage is present whereas eagles and crows do.\"The eagles come for the insects so it was very important that all garbage in that area was cleared immediately,\" added Agarwal.Speaking to TOI, MMC chief officer Agnelo Fernandes said that they had already conveyed to the government that the waste treatment facility at Sada was not fully functional and that is why they had to turn down the proposal of accepting garbage from the other village panchayats.While stressing that the MMC was doing its duty of collecting garbage, officials from the four neigbouring panchayats also pointed out that they too had started clearing and collecting garbage.The panchayats said that they had also requested the government to consider having a garbage treatment facility at the Verna industrial estate, which was near to the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027633", "title": "Examine TN\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s grievances on Cauvery row: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC) to examine and decide Tamil Nadu's grievances against Karnataka on alleged inadequate release of river water this year despite a drought-like situation created by a bad monsoon.Karnataka government, which has been contesting Tamil Nadu's allegations and even submitted data to claim that it had released excess water for a certain period in October, agreed to abide by the CMC's decision. The CMC meeting is scheduled for Wednesday.A bench of Justices D K Jain and J S Khehar said, \"We hereby direct CMC to examine all issues as may be raised on behalf of the states and make recommendations.\" It also said the CMC's decision would have to be honoured by Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.The court did not want to get into the allegations and counter-allegations levelled by the two states against each other. Tamil Nadu's counsel, senior advocate C S Vaidyanathan, showed to the court the October 26 letter written by the Union water resources secretary to the chief secretaries of the two states expressing reservations over the CMC going into the merits of the deficit release allegations at a time when the apex court was deciding the issue.But after Karnataka's counsel, senior advocate Fali S Nariman, said the state had no objection to the matter being decided by the CMC and Vaidyanathan agreeing with him, the bench asked the monitoring committee to go into the merits of the allegations about deficit in release of Cauvery water by the upper riparian state.The bench posted the matter for further hearing on November 26 and said it would be open for the states to seek clarification if necessary. The Cauvery River Authority (CRA) had on October 11 ordered Karnataka to release 8.85 tmc feet water to Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027243", "title": "Lulu Forex plans pan India expansion", "text": "KOCHI: Lulu Forex Pvt Ltd, the foreign currency exchange business arm of Dubai-based Lulu Group, will open three more branches within a month, said Shibu Mohammed, head of its Kerala operations.\"The next branch will be in Bangalore and is due for opening on November 2. By mid-November, we will launch our Goa branch, followed by one at Kanhangad,\" Mohammed said. The company, with fourteen licenses, will also open one at Edappally Lulu Mall in Kochi.Lulu Forex, which has a pan India presence, plans to open 10 more branches across the country by 2013 as a part of its expansion. \"We are looking at opening 50 more branches in India by 2014,\"said Adeeb Ahamed, CEO of LuLu FG and director of LuLu Forex, during the inauguration of the Kochi branch on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027720", "title": "At ground zero, normal life hit", "text": "BANGALORE: At ground zero , the mood had slowly changed from casual concern to a more serious appraisal of the situation on Tuesday. On Monday, the government had confirmed bird flu deaths at the CPDO in Hesssaraghatta. The road to Adarsha film institute and Chickcka Madurai temple from Hessaraghatta village wore a deserted look on Tuesday as news of the bird flu and resultant anxiety spread.Mask-wearing faces hesitated to remove them even inside houses. There was eerie silence inside CPDO premises with men in protective suits sanitizing the area. \"A government doctor visits us twice a week and we are all under precautionary medication now,\" said a resident from the CPDO staff quarters. There are nearly 70 residential blocks facing CPDO and life has changed for its inmates over the past few days, with very little activity happening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17028050", "title": "Wear your baggage, avoid paying extra to airlines", "text": "LONDON: Want to avoid paying extra baggage charges on flights? Put on this 'wearable' suitcase!An Irishman has come up with a bizarre new \"wearable luggage\" that can hold a total of 15kg of luggage and can help you beat the baggage charges levied by budget airlines.Engineer John Power has invented a coat, priced at 56 pounds, which is made of light but strong polyester and has 14 variously sized pockets that can hold a total of 15kg of luggage, the 'Daily Mail' reported.After boarding, the dress called Jaktogo can be folded up and carried as a shoulder bag. Power, 57, said that he travels twice a week using budget airlines.Though the budget airlines' advertised ticket prices are often low, most of them charge extra for hold luggage. However, they allow passengers to take one piece of hand luggage on board for free. They also allow jackets or coats \u00e2\u20ac\u201d so Power's invention allows travellers to by-pass the charges altogether, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030753", "title": "Divya Kumar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 'Yaariyaan' goes on floor", "text": "Divya Kumar, wife of T-Series head honcho, Bhushan Kumar makes her directorial debut with \"Yaariyaan\",a contemporary young film that takes audiences through the trials and tribulations of the best years of their life.Producer by T-Series, the film went on floors this Dassera, with the first schedule being filmed at Filmcity, Mumbai.So kicked is the debutante director about her first venture that she is personally attending the talent workshops and even working in close quarters with the art director.On the occasion says Divya Kumar \"\" I am very happy and excited that my film went on floors on such an auspicious occasion,I'm hoping to have an amazing time shooting with the cast\".Adds Bhushan Kumar \" Yaariyaan is a film extremely special to me especially since its Divya's first film as director. We are going all out to make it one of the biggest films of 2013\".The film will also be shot across other parts of the country and South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028033", "title": "Community halls open for evacuees", "text": "CHENNAI: The city corporation has geared up to meet the challenges rising out of Cyclone Nilam which is likely to cross the coast on Wednesday evening, corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said on Tuesday.\"Officials across the 15 zones have been put on alert. They will be working overnight. We have arranged 280 schools and 52 community halls to receive people who may have to be moved from the coast,\" he said. The commissioner added that the corporation has put in place systems to cook for 8,000 people every hour. \"If needed, we will buy food.\" Officials inspected some of the low-lying areas that are likely to be flooded in the event of heavy rains on Wednesday.The corporation will get boats and catamarans from the fisheries department to rescue marooned people. In an earlier monsoon preparedness meeting, the Navy had decided to set up a helipad and provide helicopter assistance to move people and take relief material in case of an emergency. This, however, did not materialise as the corporation could not identify a space for the helipad. \"The situation is not so alarming that we will need to use helicopters,\" the official said.Corporation officials said they have good coordination with other government agencies including the Met department which provides frequent updates. The civic body has ensured quick response to residents' complaints on inundation and uprooting of trees. Metrowater officials said they will monitor the water supplied and add adequate chlorine to prevent diseases. The electricity board has also put their staff on alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026610", "title": "Home made wine contest by Wine Lovers' Club", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Wine Lovers' Club is organizing a home made wine making competition to promote wine culture in the city. The competition has two categories - wines made from grapes and those made from other material.The competition is open to all wine enthusiasts of the city, not just members of the club. The samples of wines submitted to the club will be tasted on November 20. Cash prizes will be awarded to winners of the competition.\"There are several families of the city, most of them Parsis and Christians, who have been making wine at their homes since ages. The aim of the competition is to bring the wine enthusiasts at the same platform,\" said Sharad Phadnis, founder of the club. He believes there would be more than 500 such families in the city and it would be good for the club members to interact with them.Secretary Ulhas Mohile explained the reason for the categories, \"though grape has traditionally been associated with wine making, several other wines from fruits like oranges and pineapples, and foodstuffs like rice and flowers like rose, ambadi and mahua are also being made these days.\"The samples are to be submitted before November 19 to Phadnis or Mohile's at Plot Number P-2, Laxmi Keshav Appartments, RPTS Road or Hotel Machan on Wardha Road. More information can be got from Phadnis (9970882351).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030660", "title": "We need a dose of darkness to stay healthy", "text": "Feeling gloomy about the clocks going back? There are actually benefits to those long, dark nights. Many people suffer from a mood disorder called Seasonal Affective Disorder, SAD, which can result in depression, problems with sleeping and overeating. But it's not all doom and gloom. The good news, experts say, is that in our brightly-lit modern world, we've actually forgotten that we need a good dose of total darkness every night to stay healthy and well .Beat the blues\"It's all about good light contrast,\" explains Professor Russell Foster, a neuroscientist and expert on seasonal biology. \"Getting enough exposure to outdoor light in the morning and then enjoying plenty of darkness at night ensures your body clock resets itself daily, helping you to sleep better and avoid those dips in mood and the appetite changes associated with SAD,\" he says. The body clock is simply our bodies' natural daily rhythm, which controls everything from when we wake, sleep and eat to our energy levels throughout the day. To work efficiently, it must be reset every dawn and dusk. This process can be disrupted when the clocks go forward or back.It's good to be kept in the darkAccording to the latest research, we don't respect the dark and the result is a lot of health problems. TS Wiley, scientist, explains, \"When we rely on artificial light to extend our day until midnight and beyond, we fool our bodies into living in a perpetual state of summer. Anticipating the scarce food supply and forced inactivity of winter, bodies begin storing fat to sustain us through the months of hibernation and hunger. If it never arrives and the storing continues, we increase our risk of many conditions from obesity to heart disease.\"Here are a few health boosts that research suggests darker nights could provide...Helps you wake up refreshedA good contrast in light and dark will reset your body clock and encourage deeper sleep, so that you wake up feeling more refreshed. \"With people sleeping an average of an hour-and-a-half less every night than we did 60 years ago, it makes sense to catch up on that lost sleep,\" suggests Prof Foster.Lowers risk of cancerMany studies have linked prolonged exposure to artificial light at night \u00e2\u20ac\u201d unavoidable for people working night shifts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to a higher risk of several types of cancer , including breast and prostate. Some experts suspect this is due to higher levels of the stress hormone, cortisol, suppressing the immune system. On the other hand, researchers have found that sleeping in total darkness promotes healthy levels of the sleep hormone melatonin, which may prevent the growth of breast tumours.A slimmer waistlineRecent studies have shown that not getting enough quality sleep can trigger weight gain. This is because when you're deprived of sleep, your body decreases production of the hormone, leptin (it tells your brain when you're full and should stop eating), while at the same time increasing levels of ghrelin \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the hunger hormone.Lowers diabetes riskA study by Harvard University found that people who didn't sleep during the hours of darkness had higher blood-sugar levels, throwing them into a pre-diabetic state. Long term, this can increase the risk of developing full-blown diabetes.Less risk of depressionLack of daylight when the clocks go back is known to trigger low mood in those prone to SAD. Lack of exposure to darkness can also be a depression risk. Even the dimmest light at night can cause changes in your brain linked to mood disorders.Reduces risk of heart diseaseResearch has found a direct link between sleeping in complete darkness and a reduced risk of stroke and heart attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026961", "title": "Explosion in Vasai factory kills three", "text": "MUMBAI: Three persons were killed and two others injured in an explosion at an industrial unit in Vasai on Tuesday.The unit's owner and manager have been booked, but no arrests have been made yet. The incident took place around 7.45am when five labourers were waiting outside the unit for their supervisor to arrive. The unit, Nakoda Extrusion, hadn't opened for work as the supervisor only arrives by 8 am. It is an aluminium profiles manufacturing unit, located at Sheetal Swapna Industrial Estate.\"As part of the manufacturing process, material has to be heated upto 200 degrees in large boilers inside the unit. So, for three nights a week, the boilers are kept running overnight. This was done on Monday night. It appears that the pressure in the boilers increased and led to the explosion,\" said a senior police official from Thane rural.There was a deafening sound and the five labourers were flung to a distance due to the impact.Two of the labourers, Sudhir Yadav (33) and Nirmal (34), died on the spot, while the third worker, Kanhaiya (30), succumbed to his injuries. Their bodies were sent for an autopsy.Two other labourers, Praful and Kailash, suffered injuries. While Praful suffered leg fractures, Kailash sustained injuries to his eye. The police are probing the exact cause of the incident. A probe is also being conducted as to whether LPG gas cylinders were being illegally used.\"No fire fighting equipment was installed in the unit. We have registered a case under section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), section 285 (negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter), section 338 (causing grievous hurt) of the IPC. The owner, Jeevan Jain, and the unit manager, Jeetu Chanchad, have been booked,\" an official said.Senior officials from the Directorate of Industrial Safety and Health ( DISH ), Vasai, visited the site on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17026868", "title": "Five held for 'driving honest' endowment official to suicide", "text": "GUNTUR: In a fresh development in the endowments officer Krishnaveni suicide case, Secunderabad police on Tuesday arrested five persons including Ranga Balakrishna, chairman of the Hanuman temple. All the arrested were immediately taken to Secunderabad where they were produced in court and remanded in 14-day judicial custody.Secunderabad Market police arrested Balakrishna, temple trustee Satyanarayana, priests Papacharyulu and Manikantha and junior assistant Venugopal. Krishnaveni, 31, an assistant commissioner rank officer in the endowments department, was executive officer (EO) at the Hanuman temple located at Lalapet in the Guntur One Town police station area before she committed suicide.A resident of Secunderabad, Krishnaveni came back from Guntur and hanged herself to the ceiling fan at her house on October 1. Even though there was no suicide note, police took her diary notes about the harassment from temple board members and staff as a prima facie evidence and arrested them.She alleged that the chairman and other members of the board and staff had harassed her for monetary gains. \"Krishnaveni described in the dairy how she was manhandled by the temple staff for stopping their corrupt practices. Due to her strict vigil, the temple savings increased from Rs 8 lakh to Rs 18 lakh in a span of 10 months and the entire temple staff became her enemies,\" said a Market police official.In a bid to force Krishnaveni to leave the place, the temple staff even resorted to her character assassination. Police said that the accused called up her mother and made vulgar remarks about Krishnaveni.The young officer even lodged a complaint with the Guntur police against her tormentors. But it fell on deaf ears as police did not initiate any action due to political pressure.Sources said that a Congress legislator was backing the board members who had allegedly demanded huge sums of money from Krishnaveni. Considered an upright officer, Krishnaveni resisted the pressures and refused to oblige them. Subsequently, the board members, it is alleged, encouraged the priests to revolt against her citing violation of temple rituals and traditions.It was at this stage that Krishnaveni met senior officials including the deputy commissioner of endowments in Guntur and other top officials to brief them about the situation prevailing at the temple. However, it is believed that instead of backing her, her seniors asked her to be 'practical' and 'accommodative' in handling the issue.Hurt by the response from top officials, Krishnaveni committed suicide. The incident created ripples in the endowments department where everyone scrambled to steer clear of the matter. Interestingly, the visuals from the closed circuit television installed in the EO's chamber had been removed even before the police could inspect and gather evidence after her death.Temple revenues reported almost a 300% jump during Krishnaveni's brief tenure, chiefly due to decisions taken by her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026593", "title": "Natarajan urged to act against CEC move on safety zones", "text": "NAGPUR: Environmentalists and conservationists have warned that recommendations by the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) to cut eco-sensitive zones (ESZs), if accepted, would enable permissions to thermal power plants, steel units, aluminium refineries, mines etc beyond a mere 100 metres of protected areas (PAs). This would be a certain disaster for wildlife habitats and corridors.Ahead of the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) meeting on October 31, executive trustee of Conservation Action Trust (CAT) Debi Goenka, environmentalists Bittu Sahgal, Biswajit Mohanty and A Rangarajan and former NBWL members Shekar Datttri and Praveen Bhargav have reminded environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan that the National Wildlife Action Plan (2002-2016) recommends 'all identified areas within 10km around PAs and wildlife corridors be declared as ecologically fragile under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986.' The MoEF has already issued comprehensive guidelines on February 9, 2011 in this regard.Now, CEC wants it to be cut to 100-500 metres. Goenka said ignoring the comprehensive MoEF guidelines, states, including Maharashtra are attempting to recast and downgrade ESZ proposals that are currently under process.The CEC has suo motu submitted its recommendations to the Supreme Court without any legal jurisdiction and without any scientific study, research, discussion or consultation.\"We believe that the CEC recommendations would be hugely problematic. This may lead to foreclosing all reasonable options of protecting areas based on sound ecological principles specific to a particular landscape,\" said Sahgal.The greens said fundamentally, the challenge before the nation is to prevent further fragmentation or breaking up of important landscapes and corridors from ill planned and improperly sited development projects.\"The CEC has also confused the matter by referring to safety zones (ecologically sensitive areas) around PAs. It is not clear at all whether the safety zone recommended by the CEC would be a total 'no development zone' where no non-forestry activities would be permitted,\" they said.In view of the above facts and circumstances, conservationists have urged Natarajan to file an affidavit before the Supreme Court stating that the comprehensive guidelines issued in 2011 are legally tenable and suo motu recommendations of the CEC are neither on the directions of the Supreme Court nor with any legal jurisdiction and thus are not acceptable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027476", "title": "Darsgah-e-Jihad-o-Shahadat activists released on bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Eighth Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate on Tuesday granted bail to 13 activists of Darsgah-e-Jihad-o-Shahadat (DJS) who were arrested on October 19 for staging a protest against an assistant commissioner of police.The court ordered their release after furnishing two sureties of Rs 5000 each. The same court had earlier rejected the bail petition following opposition from public prosecutor on grounds that their release would lead to disturbances in the city. The defense counsel contended that the Mirchowk police have arrested the DJS activists on stringent IPC sections though the protest was peaceful.A group of DJS had activists staged a sit-in against the alleged harassment of members of the minority community by ACP Mirchowk M Kishtaiah. On receiving court orders the Chanchanlguda jail authorities released the activists later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17028821", "title": "50 tractors seized with illegally mined stones", "text": "HAZARIBAG: District mining officer (DMO) Narayan Ram has seized 50 tractors loaded with illegally mined stones and stone chips with the help of police after raiding Saram forest of Ichak area in the last two days.The DMO in his report to the DC informed that all 50 tractors seized by him at Saram forest were operating without registration numbers which itself is a violation of the rule under the Transport Act.\"I have already registered an FIR at Ichak police station against more than two dozen stone mafias who were allegedly involved in illegal mining of stone, running illegal stone crushers causing immense harm to revenue and also causing pollution in the belt,\" said the DMO. The DC instructed the DMO to take action against illegal mining of stones and running of stone crushers so that ecological balance in the forests and rural belts for checking pollution can be maintained. He also directed the concerned block and forest officials to prevent pollution and illegal mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028593", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority to demolish illegal structures in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: To check the rampant unauthorised constructions across the city, Lucknow Development Authority vice-chairman Rajiv Aggarwal has instructed executive engineers to start immediate demolition of unauthorised constructions and illegal structures. They have also been asked to provide photocopies of the sanctioned maps of various housing projects to people, if demanded, as per the Information Act 2005.The vice-chairman held a meeting on Tuesday with the executive engineers to initiate an effective drive to prevent unauthorised constructions in the city. \"In order to make people aware of various constructions happening in their area, it would be mandatory for the engineers to provide photocopies of the sanctioned maps of that multistory buildings or group housing societies if required by them. This would help them to know if the construction is legal or not,\" said Aggarwal.Aggarwal added that executive engineers who would delay in providing maps copies would be taken to task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17030521", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar's time will remain right till the end: Wright", "text": "KOLKATA: Former Indian cricket team coach John Wright has said batting genius Sachin Tendulkar should bid adieu to cricket whenever he feels the right time for him.The subject of Tendulkar's retirement from cricket ever since India won its second World Cup title last year, and speculations were also made about his performance as he has been playing for almost two decades now.Wright said: \"The great thing about any top batsman, any top performer is that they are incredibly self aware. So they have a wonderful self-awareness about their game, about their standards, about the reasons why they play, and Sachin has all of those things.\"And it will be like anything in his career, I am sure he will make the right decision when and where he feels like finishing. And that will take its course. So I have every confidence that Tendulkar's time will remain right till the end of his cricketing career, whenever that is.\"Recently Tendulkar himself had hinted in an interview that he is considering retirement soon and also added that the end of his career is not far away.Wright also recalled his bonding with former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly during whose tenure he was the team's coach.Here he stated that though his on and off chemistry with Ganguly was a matter of speculation among the media persons at that time, but in reality they got along very well.Wright also said that specialisation is a good thing but if a captain is good enough to play all the formats, then there is no need to have different captains, saying that the consistency of dealing with one leader was a lot simpler.\"I would hope though that, you know, your national captain is capable of playing the three forms of the game. And if he is a good enough captain then he should be smart enough to be able to captain all the three forms of the game,\" he said.Wright was in the city as the brand ambassador of the Southern Institute of Technology ( Auckland ) as part of its tour to eight Indian cities.Wright became the first foreigner to become the coach of Team India's coach in 2000, and went on stay in the position for the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17028551", "title": "Drive against sale of illicit liquor planned", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district level review meeting held here on Tuesday decided to conduct an intensive campaign among tribals to check the sale, production and transportation of illicit liquor.The move was taken following complaints that the tribals in the colonies were involved in the making of illicit liquor unaware of the laws.ADM K P Ramadevi directed the grama panchayat bodies to conduct regular meetings every month to check the making, transportation and sale of illicit liquor in its limit. She also directed the people's representatives to conduct regular meeting in the 14 constituencies. The excise deputy commissioner K Mohanan said that the department had registered 101 abkari cases and six cases related to drugs.The department has also seized four vehicles for the transportating illicit liquor, 350 litres of Indian made foreign liquor, 5,020 litres of raw materials for brewing, 2kg ganja and 10kg country liquor in September. The excise department also conducted 27 awareness classes in the schools and it also constituted 15 clubs in the schools in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027455", "title": "Delhi businessman donates 25kg gold to Somnath temple", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Delhi-based businessman has made a glittering offering to Somnath Temple, the revered Shiv temple in Saurashtra. The man, who belongs to an illustrious business family in the national capital, has anonymously committed to donate 25 kg of gold to the Somnath temple, the first among the 12 Aadi Jyotirlings of India.With gold prices hovering at a high of Rs 33,000 per 10 grams, the donation amounts to an estimated Rs 9 crore. The gold will be used for decorating the base of the jyotirlinga.Secretary of the Somnath Temple Trust P K Laheri said, \"We have received an offer from this businessman to donate 20 kg gold. This is the initial estimate and the donor has committed to donate more as per requirement.\" It is estimated that 25 kg gold will be used for making the base of the jyotirlinga golden, which has a circumference of 22.6 meter, a temple official said.Laheri said workers skilled in renovating and beautifying Badrinath Temple in Uttarakhand have been roped in for the work. The work is expected to be completed by December-end or by January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17027705", "title": "Tiwary misses ton, but makes a point", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief selector Sandeep Patil wasn't present at the CCI on Tuesday, the first day of the threeday warm-up tie between India 'A' and England, but he would have been told by colleagues Vikram Rathour, Rajinder Singh Hans, Saba Karim and Roger Binny about how disappointed they were with the effort of some of the boys and how happy they were with the application and fight shown by Manoj Tiwary and Irfan Pathan.While it was a tale of missed opportunity for M Vijay, Ajinkya Rahane and Suresh Raina , there were others who grabbed the chance to impress the selectors ahead of the November 5 selection meeting for the first Test that begins in Ahmedabad on November 15. Abhinav Mukund (73, 83 balls, 16x4), Yuvraj Singh 59 (80 balls, 7x4, 4x6), Tiwary 93 (150 balls, 12x4) and Irfan Pathan 46 (83 balls, 5x4, 2x6) were the guys with the tick marks. Especially Tiwary and Pathan.They came together with the team shaky 190 for 6 and with the visitors sensing a kill. Their 110-run seventh-wicket alliance ensured that India 'A' had a competitive total to bowl at, ending the day at 369 for 9. They gave England plenty of worries as their pace bowlers generally struggled to get any reverse swing in tailor-made conditions even if James Anderson and Tim Bresnan weren't too far off the mark. The visitors will also sweat over the fitness of pacer Steven Finn , who walked off the field after just four overs, with a thigh strain.The men who matter should be chuffed with the knock of Tiwary though. After Laxman's retirement , here is another batsman who can bat with the tail and also play wristy strokes to hit the gaps. His ability to chip the spinners over the infield was seen only in domestic cricket so far. On Tuesday , he did it against an international side. It was a travesty that he couldn't get his hundred, falling to a beauty by Bresnan.England had their share of good performances too. Graeme Swann , the best off-spinner in the business alongwith Saeed Ajmal , performed true to reputation and his long spell of 15-4-57-2 from the Churchgate end was an exhibition of how a spinner should bowl on a Day 1 track. Swann troubled bunny Raina from round the wicket and the pressure he exerted on the lefty enabled Samit Patel to dismiss the batsman cheaply for 20. It was a soft dismissal as the batsman charged and just offered a dead bat with the ball ballooning to Ian Bell at short leg. It was Bell's second catch, having earlier pouched a blinder to dismiss a well-set Mukund.Mukund seems a reincarnation of former India opener S Ramesh. His feet don't move much, but like Ramesh, he has the heart to play out tough spells. The Tamil Nadu opener endured a nervy start where he played and missed a lot and inside-edged a few. He was also involved in the run out of opening partner Vijay. But he got through and went on to play an innings of style and substance . Some of his cover driving and strokeplay through mid-wicket and mid-on were eye-catching.Benefiting from a dropped chance off the first ball when Patel grassed a tough one, diving forward at square leg off Bresnan, Yuvraj went on to play an impact innings. He defended solidly and was terrific in the 'V' . Every delivery that was pitched up was driven sans violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17026417", "title": "Auto driver gets life for cop's death", "text": "THANE: The Vasai sessions court on Tuesday sentenced an auto driver, Mahendra Kevat (23), to life imprisonment after being found guilty of setting ablaze a constable, Anil Aitiwadekar (45), at a traffic junction in Vasai in October 2010. Aitiwadekar died at a hospital later.Kewat pleaded innocence and said he was not present at the crime scene. However, additional public prosecutor Ujwala Maholkar tore apart his arguments by presenting Aitiwadekar's dying declaration, witness statements and records from the identification parade conducted in presence of a judicial official.The blood-curling crime had sent shockwaves in the civil society as the 45-year-old Aitiwadekar had paid with his life for doing his police duty.On the day of crime, Aitiwadekar had fined Kevat Rs 100 for not possessing legal driving documents. An angry Kevat pulled out a bottle of petrol and doused the cop with fuel. He set the victim ablaze. The cop was taken to hospital and was subsequently shifted to Byculla's Masina Hospital. However, an attack of tuberculosis combined with 40% burns led to the constable's death on November 3, 2010.In his dying declaration, Aitiwadekar had named Kewat, saying the auto driver had set him ablaze. Kevat was booked on murder charges of murder and the prosecution prepared a full-proof case so that the offender does not go unpunished.Moholkar said the court awarded Kevat life sentence under IPC's Section 302 and punishment of seven years for obstructing a public servant from performing his duty. The state had offered a police job to the cop's son and promised to release pension to his wife Shobha until her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17028000", "title": "Farrukhabad decked up for IAC rally", "text": "KANPUR: With barely 24 hours to go for IAC activist Arvind Kejriwal's rally against corruption in Farrukhabad on November 1, the constituency of Union minister Salman Khurshid is simmering with excitement.The district has been flooded with IAC posters and banners carrying pictures of Arvind Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan, Manish Sisodia, Iliyas Azmi, Kumar Vishwas, Sanjay Singh and Gopal Rai. Almost all the important points of the district, including bus and railway stations, Chowk, Collectorate, Tehsil, Ghumna, Lal Darwaza, Bholeypur, Fatehgarh and Central Jail area, have been covered by these posters and banners.\"Local citizens and volunteers of the India Against Corruption (IAC) are toiling day and night to make the rally a success. We have formed various groups like campaign teams, security, drinking water, logistics, crowd management, sanitation, health, media and guest management team,\" member of the state working committee Omendra Bharat told TOI.Arvind Kejriwal, who is likely to reach Lucknow via rail early on November 1, will travel to Farrukhabad on a car. He will address the rally at around 11 a.m. at the Lohia Park in Awas Vikas area of the district. \"We have got the permission for organising a rally at the Lohia Park. Seeing a surge in support of the rally, we have ordered 10,000 caps bearing slogan \"Main Aam Admi Hoon\" for the rally, Omendra said.He added that most of the arrangements for the rally have been completed.\"We have made arrangements for nearly 30,000 people whom we expect to attend the rally. Final touches are being given to the stage erected at the Lohia Park in Awas Vikas area. It would be a huge rally and people from various parts of the state are contacting us and inquiring about Kejriwalji's programme,\" he said.\"Right now, we are focussing on the awareness campaign and trying to reach to maximum number of people to make Kejriwal's rally a big hit,\" he added.\"For this, we are also contacting the masses through social networking sites and have been sending out SMSs,\" informed Lakshman Singh, a local convener of the IAC.For IAC, the rally holds considerable significance as it intends to project its strength in the hometown of Khurshid.Omendra informed that a five-member team of \"Uday Bharat\" had reached Farrukhabad on Tuesday evening. \"It will organize street plays, flash mob event at public places in Farrukhabad.\" The IAC volunteers would also take an extensive tour of rural pockets in the district.\"During the tour, people would be told about the wrongdoings in the Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust run by Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise Khurshid,\" he said.Meanwhile, the local unit of Congress has threatened to disrupt Kejriwal's Farrukhabad rally. \"Congressmen will storm the rally site and would not allow Arvind Kejriwal to address the people,\" said Punni Shukla, city president of the Congress.District Congress president Aftab Hussain said that Congressmen would lodge a protest against Kejriwal by wearing Khurshid masks don caps bearing slogan \"Main Salman Hoon\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17027777", "title": "Dengue spreads to terai districts", "text": "BAHRAICH: Dengue is digging its fangs into residents of terai districts. Doctors have confirmed a dengue case in which a resident of Navagadhi was found infected, but health department has not been able to make arrangements for prevention of the disease.Saurabh Modi (23) resident of Navagadhi had fever for about a week and was treated initially as a patient of flu, but when his condition did not improve, his family members took him to a private doctor and on October 24 a pathology examination confirmed he was infected with dengue. Saurabh was examined thrice on alternate days. The first examination showed the platelet count 80,000, in the second report it was 68,000 and the third examination registered platelet count at 60,000.Pathology operator Dr G Singh said following the blood and urine examination of Saurabh, ELISA test was also conducted and platelets were found decreasing regularly.Chief medical officer (CMO) Bahraich Dr Hari Prakash said no such case had come to his notice and the private doctor should have informed him about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17028342", "title": "750 special trains to meet Kumbh rush", "text": "To meet the massive rush of pilgrims during Mahakumbh, railways will run 750 special trains and arrange for 800 coaches. Speaking to reporters, divisional railway manager, Allahabad division, NCR, Harendra Rao said about 14 lakhs additional pilgrims will arrive in the city through trains during Kumbh. This would be in addition to 20 lakh regular passengers who will visit the city.The 800 additional coaches will make upto 35 rakes. Apart from 750 special trains, the existing trains will be augmented with additional coaches. Additional stoppages will be given to many long distance trains at Allahabad, Vidnhyachal and Naini station, Rao said.NCR is also taking steps for passenger amenities. In this connection, surface improvement of platform numbers 4 and 6 have been done and stairs of foot overbridge (FOB) have been repaired. A new FOB at Smith Road has been constructed and additional booking counters, including additional circulating area covering Hathi Nala, have been provided. In addition, two new escalators would be installed at Allahabad junction.Additional approach roads leading to Civil Lines side of Allahabad junction are being provided by widening of fourth, fifth and sixth avenue of Traffic colony. The work will be completed by November 12. Six high mast for improving illumination levels at Allahabad and Naini junction have been planned.For catering to large number of pilgrims, about nine temporary enclosures have been planned. Four temporary enclosures would be opened at city side of Allahabad railway junction while two temporary enclosures would be opened at Civil Lines side of the junction. Three temporary enclosures would be set up at Naini junction.About 133 additional booking counters/ PRS/enquiry counters would be opened at Allahabad, Naini, Sangam and Vidhyachal. At Sangam, 10 booking counters, two reservation counters and two enquiry counters will be set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027477", "title": "35 appointments cancelled in Bharathiar varsity", "text": "COIMBATORE: The appointments in around 35 posts of the Bharathiar University and the extension of temporary staff during the term of C Swaminthan, former vice-chancellor (VC) has been cancelled by the university syndicate based on the directions of the state education department. Additional chief secretary, TS Sridhar in a letter to the university dated September 28 asked the university to declare null and void the appointment of 35 posts and the five-year extension of the temporary staff with immediate effect. With respect to this letter, university syndicate cancelled both the decisions in its meeting held on October 4.In 2010, the university teaching and non-teaching SC/ST association of the university had sought the Madras high court's interference against the appointments to 35 teaching posts at the university on the grounds that members of the backward communities were being overlooked. Later the HC had issued a stay on further appointments, when again some temporary appointments were made.The temporary appointments which were earlier for a year, were later extended for five years, allegedly by flouting the rules. N Selvan, secretary of the university SC/ST association, who filed the cases said the former university administration had made the appointments without considering the vacancies for the backward castes.Based on the affidavits, HC had ordered a probe by the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC). Sridhar in his order said the government arrived upon a decision based on the HC Order of August 6 which studied the DVAC Probe. C Pichandy, general secretary of the Association of University Teachers (AUT) said that the university administration should learn their lessons from this. \"At least in future, the appointments to various posts should be conducted in a transparent manner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026261", "title": "Subscribers claim cable operators charging unfair prices for STBs", "text": "MUMBAI: With the deadline for TV digitalization all set to expire from midnight on Wednesday, black-marketing of set-top boxes (STBs) by operators in certain parts of the city has hit the common man.Even though government claims 100% digitalisation in city, cable operators say over 30% subscribers had either not yet switched over to digital signal or were in the process of doing so, ahead of the October 31 deadline. Consumers alleged that those who initially bought STBs either got it free or at a normal price but those buying since the announcement of the earlier June 30th deadline are shelling out more money. \"In certain areas where a cable or system operator has dominance, prices of STBs are high, whereas areas where there is competition has lower prices. Authorities should pressurise operators to keep uniformity in rates,\" said J S Manohar, a Malad resident.Subscribers from different suburbs told TOI that operators had created artificial shortage of STBs, to earn more money once the analog signal is blocked from November 1. \"When there will be no analog signal, people will have to buy STBs at whatever price the operator quotes and hence the shortage is being created,\" alleged Amitabh Trivedi, Borivli resident.Andheri resident Rajan Mali said many had jacked up prices to exorbitant levels. \"Against Rs 800 for a normal STB, operators and sellers were selling them at Rs 1000-1500. The high definition (HD) model of STB costs around Rs 2,500 to Rs 3,000 but is now being sold at Rs 3,500 to Rs 4,500 per piece,\" he said.But Ashok Mansukhani, president of the multi-system operators (MSOs) alliance, categorically ruled out black marketing and said all MSOs had increased the supply of boxes to avoid shortage. He said the average cost of a normal STB being offered to consumers was around Rs 800.Anil Parab, president, Cable Operators' Association, said shortage of STBs and the deadline had encouraged operators in certain areas to overcharge but if the deadline is extended by the government these complaints can be avoided. \"We don't want the lower-middle income group to be burdened with high cost of STBs,\" he said. He didn't deny that certain operators might sell STBs at exorbitant prices from November 1 onwards when digitalization will be the necessity in the absence of analog signals.Vijay Todankar and Abhay Dudhale of Maharashtra Navnirman Cable Sena and Jagdish Joshi of Eastern Cable Operators Welfare Association also refused allegations of overcharging and black marketing and said prices of high-definition STBs varied mainly due to import and transport costs. The cost of normal basic STBs does not vary much, they added. They, however, sought an extension of the deadline pointing out that the share of cable operators and benefits to consumers were not clear in the new system.A senior government official in the revenue department also claimed there was very little chance of STBs being sold at exorbitant prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17028030", "title": "Will new-age booths help improve Kanpur traffic?", "text": "KANPUR: District traffic department has taken a giant step towards better regulation of vehicular rush at the prominent and busy crossings of the city with installation of high-tech traffic booths at nearly six crossings.The booths are equipped with lights and fans to help cops in manage traffic better. In the night, the booth gets illuminated. They are placed high on cement platforms and policemen stand in the centre getting a better view and position to man the traffic. This makes the traffic cop and his signals visible to all.This is the first time such advanced traffic management has been put into effect in the city. While the lights installed in the booth provide better visibility to the traffic cops, the fan ensures they do not have to sweat during summer.Six such booths have been installed including at Tatmill crossing, Noronha crossing, Phoolbagh and Bada Chauraha. A total of 12 such traffic booths will be commissioned at other prominent city crossings. The booths will be installed at Kidwai Nagar, Baradevi, Ramadevi, Jajmau, Harjinder Nagar, Moolganj, Lal Imli crossing, Bakarmandi, Guttaiya, Nandlal crossing and Chawla market crossing.Traffic superintendent of police M R Singh said these booths were helpful to the traffic cops to regulate the vehicular rush. He added that cops can keep water bottles inside the booth and don't have to break from duty when thirsty. The next step will be to equip the booths with other facilities like first-aid box, safety locker and drawers.The booths are being provided free by SELVEL a private company to the traffic department. The firm will also maintain the booth in future and pay municipal taxes and power bills for the same.\"The company approached us with the project and we found it feasible. They will not only install the booths but also maintain them. They will also pay the electricity bills for the lights installed inside the booth,\" added SP traffic. The firm will try to recover the maintenance bills by renting out some parts of the booths for advertisements. With vehicle flow increasing in the city, the booth will be a boon to both the traffic cops and traffic brigade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027441", "title": "3 held for assault in fight over petty issue", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three people were arrested for assaulting three others after a quarrel erupted between the two parties over the use of a mobile phone. The injured have been admitted to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH). One more accused is absconding.The accused have been identified as N Saravanan (27), R Karthik (23), and K Murugan (25), from Kumaran Nagar in Pollachi. One of the accused Abu, hailing from Suleeswaranpatti, is absconding. The victims have been identified as P Ramesh (30), his elder brother P Manikandan (36) and Majith (29), all from Suleeswaranpatti near Pollachi.Police said, Ramesh worked in a lathe workshop at Pollachi while Saravanan worked next door. On Monday evening, when Saravanan was abusing his friends on the phone, Ramesh advised him not to use foul language. A quarrel arose when Ramesh told Saravanan that he should switch off his phone.The same day, when Ramesh was returning home to his village on his motorbike, Manikandan and Majith stopped him near Suleeswaranpatti. The three were chatting near an eatery when Saravanan and three of his friends came to the spot and assaulted Ramesh with an iron rod. Manikandan and Majith tried to pacify the attackers but in vain. Both of them were assaulted too. The villagers rushed the three victims to CMCH, while the gang escaped. Ramesh lodged a complaint with Pollachi east police station on Monday night. Inspector D Ammadurai and his team arrested three of the accused on Monday night while one is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026242", "title": "PIL against fare hike in HC today, call to scrap waiting charge likely", "text": "Commuter groups will include waiting charge, which is not mentioned in the tariff cards of autos and taxis or the fare calculation formula as highlighted by TOI, in the PIL against fare hike and take it up in the Bombay high court on Wednesday. They are also likely to inform the court about the 14 different ways in which commuters are being fleeced by errant auto, taxi drivers.Wednesday will be a big day for the state transport department, consumer activists as well as auto/taxi unions. The HC is hearing the PIL filed by the MUMBAI Grahak Panchayat against the fare hike while on the streets, activists are organizing a 'boycott auto/taxi day'. The state government is likely to take a stand on whether it will appoint an expert panel to review the hikes.\"The waiting charge issue may be taken up in a big way during the court hearing. There is no mention of waiting charge in the official tariff card released by the government. Besides, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA), which has signatures of its chairman and secretary on the cards, suggests that fare calculation is a simple multiplication - multiply distance travelled by Rs 9.87 in case of autos and distance travelled by Rs 12.35 in case of taxis. Why should commuters pay anything extra?\" said a consumer activist.The judge will also be apprised of the 14 different ways (see box) in which commuters are being fleeced by drivers after the recent fare hikes. Sources said they are likely to present before the court a series of complaints from passengers. The MGP had started an email campaign, urging commuters to forward complaints against errant drivers to mgpanchayat@yahoo.com. The petitioners were unavailable for comment.While the hearing is on, volunteers of an NGO will hit the roads to urge commuters to shun taxis/autos for a day to send across the message of dissatisfaction with the fare hike and shoddy services. The MGP is supporting the Acharya Atre Katta, whose volunteers will stand outside the bigger stations wearing badges and carrying placards with slogans appealing for a boycott.\"We too support the MGP's fight against the steep fare hikes. We have several complaints from passengers and almost everybody is complaining that the services by drivers are poor despite the huge fare hikes,\" said Rajesh Gade, chief organizer of the boycott plan.Gade said the boycott will be peaceful. \"We don't want any clashes, and nobody should be forced not to use autos or taxis. Those supporting our campaign will do it voluntarily.\"Mumbai: Commuter groups will include the waiting-charge issue__ highlighted by TOI__ in the PIL and take it up in the Bombay high court on Wednesday. They are also likely to inform the court about \"14 ways\" in which commuters are being fleeced by errant auto and taxi drivers.Wednesday will be a big day for the state transport department, consumer activists and also auto/taxi unions. The PIL filed by the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat against fare hikes will come up for hearing while the state government is also likely to take a stand on whether it will appoint an expert panel to review the present hikes.Said a consumer activist, requesting anonymity,\"The waiting charge issue may be taken up in a big way during the court hearing. It is indeed a pressing issue and concerns lakhs of commuters. There is no mention about waiting charge in the official tariff card released by the government. Besides, MMRTA, which has signatures of its chairman and secretary on the card, suggests (in writing) that fare calculation is a simple multiplication - multiply distance travelled by Rs 9.87 in case of autos and distance travelled by Rs 12.35 in case of taxis. Why should commuters pay anything extra?\"Another activist said that it would be \"illegal\" to pay waiting charge if there is no mention about it in tariff card. The issue will be brought up before the judge on Wednesday and activists are keeping their fingers crossed.The sources further stated that the judge may also be apprised of the \"14 different ways\" in which commuters were being fleeced by drivers after the recent fare hikes. \"For the past 20 days, drivers have been fleecing passengers and overcharging them. This should stop,\" the sources said. Some of the ways in which the passengers are being over-charged were as follows: By using bogus tariff cards;", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026787", "title": "Trials begin on Airport Metro line", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Airport Metro Express looks set for an early opening. Sources on Tuesday said trial runs on the corridor had started and were expected to continue for the next few days. \"Safety audits will be carried out soon. The corridor should reopen within the next few weeks,\" said a senior government official.Reopening of the Airport Metro line comes in the wake of concessionaire Reliance Infrastructure declaring its inability to run the corridor due to \"financial non-viability\". Earlier in October, R-Infra had sent a letter to Delhi Metro informing it of being unable to run the Airport Metro Express due to financial losses. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation in turn referred the matter to arbitration after refusing R-Infra's request.Sources said work on the bearings was over. Once the trials take place and safety audits are carried out, the corridor is expected to become operational. The line was closed due to concerns over safety as R-Infra had said that a majority of the bearings on the elevated section of the corridor was damaged. A joint survey by Delhi Metro and R-Infra, along with a third party, had revealed that over 90% of the bearings needed to be changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17026989", "title": "Teesta a blessing for Bangla as N Bengal suffers", "text": "KOLKATA: The Teesta, once a lifeline of North Bengal, doesn't feed large tracts of the area in Bengal, often leading to drought. In fact, most of the river flows into Bangladesh, revealed - so reveals a recent study led by noted hydrologist Kalyan Rudra. The finding only reaffirms chief minister Mamata Banerjee's sensitivity to the Teesta water-sharing issue.Rudra incidentally heads the one-man committee formed by the Mamata government to examine the availability of Teesta water , particularly during the dry season, and the quantum that could be shared by India and Bangladesh.The Teesta's changing course is a significant part of the extensive study on how Bengal rivers have historically meandered between 1767 to 2010. It is sure to add a whole new perspective to the much-awaited Teesta accord on which the Indo-Bangladesh relations currently hinges. The water-sharing deal could not be signed during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's Dhaka visit last September following an 11th-hour opposition from Banerjee and the fate of the deal has remained uncertain since.The research titled 'Atlas of Changing River Courses in West Bengal', a project of the Sea Explorers' Institute and funded by the Centre and state governments, was started in November 2009. According to the study, Teesta originally drained into the Ganga through its three distributaries, Koratoya, Atreyee and Punabhaba via Mahananda. That's how it got its name: Tri-srota (three-flows) or Teesta. \"A devastating flood in 1787 had the river migrate eastwards and join Bramhaputra (at Chilmari, now in Bangladesh). That's how Bangladesh gets most of the Teesta water even today,\" Rudra told TOI.Its distributaries in Bengal had dried up centuries ago, rendering immense impact on the riverine economy of North Bengal as the western part of North Bengal - the Barind tract (Malda and South Dinajpur) stopped receiving the river water. This changed the entire drainage system of North Bengal, which has suffered bouts of famine.Bangladesh, on the other hand, has been getting more than its share of the Teesta waters - right from the source. On the other hand, only Jalpaiguri district (between Sevoke and Burigram on the Indo-Bangla border) gets some of the water, while large tracts of north Bengal is no longer fed by the Teesta.The study also deals with the meandering Ganga, which throws light into the erosion and floods. \"It has been seen from multi-dated maps that the Ganga oscillates within a wide limit of about 20 km, which is but a natural phenomenon,\" explained Rudra. The Ganga has, for instance, stretched thus between Rajmahal to Jalagin over almost three centuries.Unfortunately, this phenomenon was misunderstood as river bank erosion until nowall these years. The study throws new light into the factor taking into account the river's natural meandering space requirement from which a scientific land use-land cover map could be prepared. \"This will not only reduce the distress of the community affected by floods, but also help planners to manage disasters better, in the most rational way,\" added Rudra.The study also shows the journey of the Bhagirathi tracing the evolution of Tamralupta (Bengal's oldest port town that thrived between 300 and 700 BC) at Mahisadal near Tamluk on the right bank of the Runarayan. River Bhagirathi flowed through Chanditala, Amta, Kolaghat and Tamralipta (now Tamluk). The find belies historians' claim that Tamralipta grew on the banks of the Ganga, nearer to the delta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17026656", "title": "Gurdwaras told to provide food, shelter to those affected by Sandy", "text": "AMRITSAR: American Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (AGPC) has asked gurdwara managements in the US to help those affected by cyclone Sandy.AGPC president J S Hothi told TOI on Tuesday that they had asked them to convert gurdwaras in the affected areas into shelter homes and make arrangements for providing food and water to those affected.AGPC coordinator Dr Pritpal Singh said all efforts would be made to help the affected people.Pritpal said AGPC would be working closely with the official machinery to deal with the emergency situations.\"As the gurdwaras are often situated in large compounds, having enough food and water in stores, we would like to help the needy in this one of the biggest crisis in the area, currently facing the impact of the storm,\" said Pritpal.Sikh NGO United Sikhs has said that it was working closely with the Office of Emergency Management to track the impact and for providing relief services apart from making arrangements for providing food and water to the affected people at Sikh gurdwaras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17027798", "title": "Cops foil bid to frame innocents", "text": "KISHANGANJ: A very poignant case of systematic sexual abuse and exploitation of a poor and minor girl has surged to the fore lately at village Bhopla-Natuwapara under Bahadurganj police station area in Kishanganj district.However, what has made the case more curious is the reported prevarication on the part of the sexual abuse victim herself, and her attempt to frame some innocent village guys in the case of her sexual abuse.A young boy allegedly repeatedly sexually ravaged the 13-year girl, Soni (name changed), over a period of time by promising to marry her. However, things went overboard when she became pregnant. The wily guy tried to wriggle out of it by trying to get her pregnancy aborted.The policemen played good Samaritans when her condition suddenly deteriorated. They shifted her to a hospital a couple of days back. Soni was, in the meantime, prevailed upon by her boyfriend. In a statement made to the police, she hurled the charge of her sexual abuse on one Munna and four others. The buck did not stop there. She went to the extent of approaching Bahadurganj Congress MLA Touseef Alam with her mother in this regard.When Kishanganj SDPO Poonam Kesri threatened to get DNA test done for her pregnancy, the skeletons tumbled out. Kesri on Tuesday said Soni conceded it was one Lal Babu of the same village who not only sexually exploited and made her pregnant through allurement of marriage, but also coerced her to foist the blame on other boys of the same village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17028919", "title": "CM asks rebels to shun violence", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday appealed to all militant outfits to shun the path of violence and join the mainstream. The CM, at the same time, also warned that the government will not tolerate any violence by insurgents groups.Gogoi, who inaugurated a memorial at Ganeshguri - one of the major spots of serial blasts that had rocked the state on October 30, 2008 - stated that the state is limping back to normal and is heading towards the path of progress and development. In the past three years, there hasn't been any major incident of violence.\"From killing of innocent children in Dhemaji to bombing on civilians, militants have always played with the lives of commoners in the name of some meaningless ideology. We want all insurgent groups, who are yet to shun violence, to drop their weapons. If you abjure violence, we will embrace you. But if you don't, you have to face the music,\" said Gogoi.The chief minister also mentioned about the government's success in brining majority of the ultras to the talks table. \"There has been an improvement in law and order of the state. From 200 persons killed due to extremist-related violence every year, the death toll has come down to 29 only. No civilian died due to militancy in Guwahati over the last three years,\" he said.\"October 30 will always be a black spot in the history of the state and the one that will never be forgotten. We don't any more such incidents and we have to strive for peace and solve the problem of insurgency. The incident has brought darkness in the land of Gandhi, Sankardeva and Azan Fakir. Insurgency is on the wane and people are returning to the path of peace. We will embrace those who wish to join the mainstream. But at the same time, if violence continues, we will come down heavily on those who are responsible,\" said Gogoi.Gogoi, while paying homage to the victims of serial blasts, also met some of the victims' families who attended the function. He added, \"Violence has no place in our polity. Violence does not lead to solution of any problem. It brings in misery and hardships and pushes society to the abyss of darkness.\"On the other hand, many families of the victims expressed their anger over the government's failure in giving them justice. \"We don't want the government to free Ranjan Daimary and his mates in the name of peace. There can be a negotiation with the ultras by keeping them in judicial custody too. Moreover, I have not received any compensation from the Centre yet. I am helpless and my daughter is still to get a job,\" said Niru Kalita, widow of Promod Kalita, who died in the blast that took place at the CJM court campus that day.Besides, the Lawyers' Association here, along with Public Awareness Forum and Justice for Society, in collaboration with Gauhati Medical College Hospital, organized a blood donation camp at the CJM court premises. Over 100 city residents donated blood.\"The gory remembrance of the black day still haunts us. The civil society now needs to stand united to fight insurgency,\" said Bikash Sarma of Udalguri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17025635", "title": "Prakash Amritraj makes a winning comeback", "text": "PUNE: Prakash Amritraj is back. And he looks fresher, fitter and wiser. The 29-year-old US-born Indian marked his first appearance in India, since playing in the 2010 Chennai Open, on a winning note in the $15,000 Solaris ITF Futures men's tennis event here on Tuesday.\"I am more mature. My game has certainly changed a bit. I used to attack a lot earlier, but now I am a better all-court player,\" Amritraj said after his 7-5, 6-2 opening round victory over Ranjeet Virali-Murugesan. Despite the long layoff, he never looked out of touch. Amritraj overcame initial hiccups when he was down 1-4, but managed to level it at 5-5 and then raced through the second set in just 35 minutes, sealing it with an ace.The California-based player took a long sabbatical after injuring his right wrist in a Challenger event in Beijing in August 2010. \"It proved to be a blessing in disguise. Since turning pro in 2003 I have had lots of injuries, I started over a couple of times. But I needed to refresh my mind,\" he said. It was a \"life decision\" to make a comeback after a lengthy interval, he said. \"I think self-motivation is the strongest motivation. I didn't use my protected ranking when I played in my first tournament in LA,\" Amritraj, who is now ranked 800th, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027573", "title": "Govt foils collector's bid to save prime land", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the CBI is probing allegations that the state colluded with private parties in the alienation of prime government land, yet another instance has surfaced in which the Kiran Kumar Reddy regime is undermining the efforts of Hyderabad collector Syed Ali Murtaza Rizvi to protect eight acres of prime land in Bandlaguda from being encroached upon by private parties.After locals petitioned the collector to ensure that the land, said to be worth about Rs 160 crore, is not encroached upon, Rizvi got a board put up at the site on September 21 this year. However, on October 18, allegedly acting on behalf of revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy, AC Punetha, principal secretary, revenue, instructed the Hyderabad collector to desist from taking any steps to protect the prime land on the pretext that it would be in contempt of court. \"The simple fact of the matter is that powerful private parties have prevailed upon the revenue minister to ensure that the collector is removed from the scene with the only intention of taking possession of the property and selling it away,\" said highly-placed sources in the revenue department.The eight-acre land that is at the centre of this drama is located in Kandikal village under Bundlaguda mandal of Hyderabad district. According to the sources, in April 2010, then Hyderabad collector Navin Mittal issued mutation orders with reference to the land in favour of one P Om Prakash after the latter laid claim to the property.However, IAS officer Natarajan Gulzar, who succeeded Mittal as Hyderabad collector in April 2010, came across several lapses in the mutation order granted by his predecessor and challenged it before the Commissioner of Appeals on the grounds that the land in question included a grave yard and a slaughterhouse and thus cannot be alienated in favour of private individuals. After going through the challenge, on September 13, 2010, the Commissioner of Appeals ordered status quo on the operation of the mutation order granted by Mittal.Matters remained quiet for almost two years. However, soon after Rizvi took over, in July 2012, locals, including the many employed in the slaughterhouse, approached him saying that vested interests were out to grab the land by making attempts to plot it and sell it away. They urged him to protect the land at all costs. Subsequently, in September this year, on the orders of the collector, a team of officials from the land protection department visited the site and erected a signboard. Written in Telugu, it said: \"Government interests are involved in this land. The government should not be held responsible for any transaction of the land.\"However, the signboard infuriated claimant Om Prakash who immediately approached the minister. Following that, the revenue principal secretary instructed Rizvi on October 18 this year, less than 10 days ago, against interfering in the matter as 'status quo' orders were in force. Om Prakash maintained that erecting a signboard to the effect at the site would be in violation of the court order to maintain status quo. At the time of writing, the signboard was still there at the site and, according to the sources, collector Rizvi has been told to look the other way when private parties make attempts to take over the land.This is not the first case where the revenue department has put pressure on collectors in order to favour private parties. In one recent case, the revenue department took back the land allotted to transport department in Gudimalkapur village to hand it over to a private party. In fact, the revenue department had asked the private parties who lost the case to first apply for the land again. In another case, the revenue department reportedly initiated the process of taking back the land earmarked for AP Agros and APMDC after private players put pressure on it for restoration of a plot in Hyderabad's Banjara Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17027954", "title": "PIL filed in bench against Kudankulam activists", "text": "MADURAI: Activist S P Udayakumar, Bishop of the Lourdes Matha Church in Idinthakarai, former chief minister of Kerala V S Achuthanandan and the activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal have been impleaded in a plea seeking action against the anti-nuke protestors.The petition was filed by K K Ramesh, managing trustee of the Centre for Public Interest Litigation in Mela Anuppanadi in Madurai district before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court. The court's directions had been sought in the writ petition to the home secretaries of the Centre and the state of Tamil Nadu to take strong action against the agitators. The petitioner contended that the court directed him to implead the agitators in the earlier writ petition. Accordingly, the agitators Udayakumar, the Bishop, Achuthanandan and Kejriwal have been impleaded as necessary parties, the petitioner stated.The petitioner charged that the agitation against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant was done with the help of foreign anti-social elements. Even though several cases had been filed against Udayakumar, no action had been taken against him by the government, he added.The petitioner also accused the Bishop of making the Loordhu Madha church as a centre to conduct anti-national talks. Former chief minister Achuthanandan also supported the anti-social agitators, he said. Activist Arvind Kejriwal was accused of not allowing Udayakumar to surrender before the police on August 11 and inducing the agitators to continue their protest.The division bench comprising justices K Suguna and R Mala adjourned the hearing to next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027516", "title": "'Hitler' pulled down by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The controversial cloth store, 'Hitler' at Vastrapur had unexpected visitors on Tuesday morning. A team from the estate department of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) approached the owners and requested them to pull down the board--- which has already caused an uproar. The officers then went about the job on their own and removed it. The owners Rajesh Shah and Manish Chandani protested its removal. The AMC officers claimed that they had orders from the zonal chief for the removal. Chandani says, \"When we protested, a man identifying himself as Dave stated that he is an AMC employee and he has orders to pull down the board. We asked for the written order but he did not pay any heed and the workers broke the letters,\" he said.tnnA senior AMC official told TOI, \"The board remaining there despite assurances indicates that the owners were insensitive and were refusing to remove the board. The board has been removed as it was inviting criticism across the world.\"He added that when he along with his partner approached the Vastrapur police station to complain against the forced removal of his shop's name-board, the police officials refused to lodge an FIR and insisted on an application of complaint instead. \"We then submitted an application to the city police commissioner's office,\" said Chandani.Both Shah and Chandani claim that they were assured of compensation by Jewish groups but nothing materialized. According to Chandani, the Jewish group had promised a compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh as that was how much the owners had spent on branding activity. \"None of the members of the Jewish community or their supporters have turned up after making that promise. I then dropped the idea of removing the board,\" Chandani told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027545", "title": "Dasara immersions leave Kapra lake in dire straits", "text": "HYDERABAD: It has been nearly a week since Dasara, but Kapra Lake in Sainikpuri still seems to wear a festive hangover with its banks littered with remnants of various rituals.The mess is not hard to explain: no cleaning has been undertaken here after the festival. With more and more people gathering on its banks for the festival every year, residents in the surrounding areas are complaining about the stench that the growing volume of garbage being dumped into the lake each Dasara now gives off.According to locals, until a couple of years back, only five to 10 Durga idols were immersed in the lake but this year that figure has crossed 50.The number of women going to the lake for the Bathukamma ritual, too, has seen a sharp rise 100-150 last year to nearly 250 this time around.Surender Sayani, a resident of the area, said, \"In the last five years, the amount of waste dumped into the lake after Dasara has nearly tripled; for a few days after the festival, the stench can be picked up from nearly seven to eight kilometres away.\"On Tuesday, plastic bags filled with leaves and flowers were seen strewn around the lake's edges along with heaps of broken coconuts, empty packets of camphor, agarbattis and vermillionand discarded pots. Weed was covering more than half the lake's surface. Residents said that the situation was now such that the lake needed a clean-up right after Dasara like the one which was one undertaken by civic officials following the Ganesh puja immersions.But GHMC officials said that there was no provision at the moment to carry out a clean-up at the lake post Dasara.However, R Upender Reddy, deputy commissioner of GHMC, Kapra circle, said that a similar cleaning programme may be planned after Dasara from next year onwards.\"Next year onwards, we will start planning some sort of cleaning procedure after Dasara as well. This year, a total of around Rs 6.15 lakh was spent on the Ganesh immersion arrangements, of which around Rs 1.5 lakhs went towards cleaning.\"Around 30 workers were deployed to manually remove the garbage from the lake. We will try to plan a similar programme for next year,\" Upender Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17030035", "title": "Young Indian researchers felicitated at the Indo-German Urban Mela", "text": "NEW DELHI: The German Embassy, New Delhi and the German Research Foundation (DFG) have announced the winners of the Indo-German Grand Science Slam held on October 27, 2012 at the Indraprastha Millennium Park to mark the inauguration of German House for Research and Innovation in New Delhi (DWIH New Delhi) and the Indo- German Urban Mela.Young doctoral and post-doctoral researchers were required to condense their knowledge and research into five-minute lively talks in a simple, fun and creative format to engage with the audience.This was followed by a five minutes Q&A; session for each finalist with the jury and the audience. Vikas Shabadi from Technische Universitat Darmstadt won the eminent Jury Award. He presented on the theme, \"Nano-electronics, Spintronics, Multiferroics,\" in the engineering/ informatics, physics/ mathematics/ geosciences category. Japleen Kaur Pasricha of Jawaharlal Nehru University won the Audience Award. She presented in the humanities and social sciences category and her topic was \"Contemporary German Pop literature: Christian Krachts 'Faserland'.\"Both Shabadi and Pasricha were felicitated by Dr Emily Haber, state secretary, ministry of foreign affairs, Federal Republic of Germany along with professor Ing Matthias Kleiner, president, DFG. While Pasricha received a fully paid learning opportunity to work for three months in the research group of an eminent researcher in Germany, Shabadi was awarded conference participation opportunities worth a matching amount, since he is already part of a research group in Germany.Debdoot Sheet from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, who presented in the engineering/ informatics category on the theme ultrasonic histology, bagged the Fraunhofer Application Award, which was given away by Ambassador Satinder K Lambah, president of Federation of Indo-German Societies in India (FIGS). Elaborating on the award, professor Ing Hans-Jorg Bullinger, past president of the Fraunhofer Society, stated that Sheet is invited to Germany on a week-long exposure visit to the Fraunhofer Institute of Integrated Circuits in Erlangen in Bavaria.This is the very institute which invented the MP3 on whose bases many more new technologies have been developed. The other young finalists who also presented their research at the Indo-German Grand Science Slam included Dr Sajad H Ahanger from the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology, Hyderabad on the theme \"uniting boundaries and dividing the empire,\" in the medicine/ physiology category, Ahan Dalal from University of Hyderabad on the theme, \"can a plant biologist make a farmer smile?\" in the Green Life Sciences category and Bidus Kanti Das of Indian Institute Of Technology, Kharagpur speaking on \"don't waste a 'waste\" in the chemistry and process engineering category. All participating finalists received a citation and a gift hamper. Ambassador Michael Steiner said: \"The inauguration of the DWIH, the Grand Science Slam and the nine day 'science menu' at the Indo-German Urban Mela are the best ingredients for a prosperous Indo-German science cooperation.Research and innovation needs bright young minds and interaction beyond borders. That is exactly what the DWIH, the Science Slam and the Mela are about.\" Congratulating the winners as well as the other finalist participants, the official coordinator of DWIH New Delhi and the director of DFG India Office), Dr Torsten Fischer, said: \"It has been an absolute joy to see such an exciting and overwhelming response to the first ever Science Slam organised under the banner of DWIH New Delhi. Selecting the best six finalists out of the nearly 50 applications was not easy, and impressing our Jury in Germany to make it to this Science Slam was in itself no mean feat, so congratulations to you all. While only three of you took away the prizes, it is, at the end, research and innovation that has really won, and that is the spirit we aspire to take further with the setting up on DWIH New Delhi. From now on, we will be organising many more such events round the year to encourage more such bright young minds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028089", "title": "9-month-old girl goes missing from Chennai Central railway station", "text": "CHENNAI: A nine-month-old girl, who was sleeping besides her parents near an ATM kiosk at Chennai Central railway station, was reported missing early on Tuesday.According to police, Ramesh, 38, a daily wager, and his wife Varalakshmi, 35, of Ongole in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh had come to the city to get their daughter, who had been suffering from a heart problem since birth, treated at a hospital here.They said they arrived in the city on board the Bokaro Express at 3.30am. The couple decided to sleep in the station till daybreak and lay down near the Indian Overseas Bank ATM after placing their daughter in the middle.\"When Ramesh woke up at 4.30am, he saw his daughter missing,\" a police officer said. Ramesh searched for her all over the station complex and finally landed at the government railway police station and lodged a complaint. Initial inquiries have suggested that the child might have been taken away by some beggars or by some persons who didn't have children, police said.\"As soon as Ramesh approached us, we swung into action and checked the footage from the closed-circuit television (CCTV) camera. But we didn't get any clues about the child. A case was registered and special teams have been formed to trace the girl,\" assistant commissioner of police (government railway police ) V Ponramu said.Preliminary inquiries revealed that Varalakshmi delivered a girl at a primary health centre near her hometown and since then child had not been keeping well. The couple took her to a nearby hospital where it was found that the child had a heart problem. Based on the advice of the doctors there, Ramesh and his wife came to the city and were to go to the Government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children in Triplicane where she was to be treated.As they didn't have any facility to reach the hospital early on Tuesday, the couple and their daughter slept inside the railway station from where the child went missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17027500", "title": "Beauty drug hard to find for cerebral palsy patients", "text": "BHOPAL: Celebrities and those wanting to get rid of their wrinkles swear by it. The same beauty drug, however, is hard to find when it comes to medical treatment. The drug, used for cosmetic surgery and beautification, is needed to relax muscles in cases of cerebral palsy. Patients in the need of the drug travel all the way to metros for treatment due to lack of facility in the city. The drug helps improve range of motion, overall response and reduces deformity in cerebral palsy patients.Moreover, the cost of treatment involving use of botox increases in case of children. The drug has to be consumed as soon as the container or the bottle is opened. \"A bottle of botox can be used between a few adults. However, far lesser doses are required when it comes to children,\" explained neurologist Dr Nirendra Rai. The cost of treatment for children, thus, becomes significantly higher.According to estimates, two children per 1,000 are prone to cerebral palsy, a neurological disorder that appears in infancy or early childhood and permanently affects body movement and muscle coordination. It is most common in premature babies who weigh less than 1.5 kg at birth. \"Hypoxia (lack of oxygen) occurring during birth or after birth can also lead to cerebral palsy,\" said sick neonatal care unit (SNCU) in charge Dr Prabhakar Tiwari.\"Use of orthotics and physiotherapy prolongs the need for repeat Botox injections but it is needed in many cases. However, I am not aware of botox being administered in the city,\" said Gandhi medical college (GMC) physiotherapist, Dr Vikas Kadam.Anil Gupta, an executive with a telecom company, was forced to seek fresh avenues outside the city as his daughter suffers from cerebral palsy. \"Treatment to make the children as independent as possible was not possible in Bhopal. A multidisciplinary approach is required which includes use of botox,\" said Gupta.The effect of botox lasts only for a few months. \"I have been travelling to Pune for two years now, every three months. Treatment costs varies from Rs 25,000 to Rs 40,000,\" said Santosh Dubey, who son Tarun has cerebral palsy.Similar to cosmetic interventions, botox treatment for children is required every few months who suffer from spasticity and tightness in their muscles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028270", "title": "Lawyer cheated of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: On the pretext of offering a handsome job, a man, posing as an official of Prime Minister's Office, cheated a city lawyer of Rs 5 lakh. It was also found that the conman also fled with his landlord's daughter.According to the police, Jai Ram Rawat, a resident of Vidhyak Nagar, a practicing lawyer, filed an FIR at Jyoti Nagar police station on Monday night alleging that a man, identified as Rambabu Gujjar, met him on September 15, 2012.He told the lawyer that he was an IAS officer and was working as programme officer at the Prime Minister's office. \"He promised me a job as a legal advisor at some big company and asked me to pay Rs 5 lakh to be paid as bribe. I agreed and gave him the money. Later he was found absconding,\" the lawyer told the police.Meanwhile, while investigating the case, the police found that the conman also fled with the daughter of his landlord. \"The landlord is yet to lodge an FIR and we are finding his whereabouts,\" the officer added.So far, the police have traced his roots to Bhopal and a team is already camping there to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17031151", "title": "England make steady start against India A", "text": "MUMBAI: The visiting England team made a slow and steady start, reaching 79/1 at lunch, in reply to India A's first innings score of 369 all out on the second morning of their opening three-day tour game on Wednesday.After sending back the last home team wicket in only one ball, when James Anderson trapped Vinay Kumar (25) leg before wicket at his and the team's overnight total, England began their reply in a sedate manner and also lost uncapped opener Nick Compton cheaply.Compton was caught behind off Ashok Dinda, who got the batsman to lunge forward and edge one to Wriddhiman Saha behind the wicket in the second over of the England first innings.Skipper Alastair Cook and one-drop Jonathan Trott played cautiously as the visitors advanced to 79/1 at lunch with the visiting team captain on 30 and his partner on 48.The tourists were 290 runs behind the home team's score. Cook had struck five fours in his 110-minute stay off 70 balls while the right-handed Trott had eight hits to the fence in his 103-minute innings after having faced 78 balls.Both Cook and Trott were very circumspect and played each ball on merit and the score also moved at a snail's pace.Trott was once surprised by a Dinda bouncer that he fended. The ball landed behind the 'keeper and went for four.Later he played a firm push off the Bengal pacer for a four to mid off and then square cut left arm Irfan Pathan for another handsome boundary. He also straight-drove Yuvraj fluently to the fence.Cook, who would be accompanied by a new opener in the first Test starting at Ahmedabad on November 15 after the retirement of his long-time partner Andrew Strauss, played a good pull shot against Dinda for his first boundary.Yuvraj Singh came on to bowl as early as the 12th over in place of Dinda whose first spell was an impressive 5-2-13-1. Pathan gave way to Vinay Kumar after a wicket-less stint of 7 overs for 18 runs.Later, Parwinder Awana was given his first spell replacing Yuvraj after the latter's four-over stint. Trott drove the Delhi medium pacer off the back foot to the cover fence in the first over of the bowler.The 50 of the partnership was raised in 108 balls and 79 minutes when Cook drove Awana for a four in the same over of the bowler.India A captain Suresh Raina rang in quick bowling changes and as many as seven bowlers had a stint, including himself, before lunch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027570", "title": "New deadline for Zakia's protest plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The metropolitan court on Tuesday set a new deadline for Zakia Jafri to file her protest petition against SIT's clean chit to chief minister Narendra Modi and others in the 2002 riots.Metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra has asked Zakia's counsel to file the protest petition by November 7, or else he should place the status report of Zakia's petition filed in the Supreme Court (SC).The court extended the time with strict condition after the probe agency brought to the court's notice that the plea filed by Zakia is being considered as defective and in office objection. SIT's counsel contended that Zakia's lawyers do not present complete picture before the court.On the other hand, Zakia has been seeking time from the court to file an objection application against SIT's closure report on the ground that the report is a bulky 25,000-page document and it would require more time to prepare a petition.Besides, Zakia requested the SC to clarify on its order of investigation whether the probe was limited to the Gulbarg Society massacre case or it encompassed the wider conspiracy for the riots that had taken place across the state. Zakia sought clarification after the magisterial court opined that the case was pertaining to the Gulbarg Society massacre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027427", "title": "Gang of four threatens driver at knife point, escapes in call taxi", "text": "COIMBATORE: A gang of four threatens the driver of a call taxi at knife point, seize his mobile phone and escape in the car on Monday. Two special teams have been formed by the city police to nab the culprits.Twenty-two-year-old cab driver N Madankumar, hailing from Narayanasamy Nagar in Tirupur received a call from a customer at 5pm on Monday based on which he picked up four persons in front of Saravana Hotel in Tirupur town.The passengers said that they wished to go to Sathya colony. When the car was nearing Thirumuruganpoondi bridge, the commuters requested the driver to stop, saying that they wanted to attend to nature's call. All of a sudden, they threatened the driver at knife point, stole his mobile phone and escaped in the call taxi after forcing the driver to disembark from the vehicle.The driver immediately reached the nearest police check post and notified the police about the incident. The officials there alerted Tirupur police and Coimbatore rural police and asked them to conduct a vehicle check. Despite the vehicle checks conducted, police were not able to trace the car. Madankumar then lodged a complaint with Anupparpalayam police station on Monday.\"We have formed two special teams to nab the culprits and trace the car,\" said A Sakthivel Murugan, Inspector, Anupparpalayam police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17028071", "title": "Surgical tapes that peel off painlessly", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have developed a new pain-free surgical tape that can peel off safely without causing any tissue damage upon removal. The tape achieves strong adhesion when securing medical devices to skin and could also easily peel off safely, utilizing a three-layer design approach that sets a new paradigm for quick-release medical tapes. Once the backing is peeled off, any remaining adhesive left on the skin can safely be rolled off with a finger using a \"push and roll\" technique.Commercial medical tapes on the market are great at keeping medical devices attached to the skin, but often can do damage - such as skin tissue tearing - once it's time to remove them.Researchers from Brigham and Women's Hospital ( BWH) have invented a quick-release tape that has the strong adhesion properties of commercial medical tape, but without the ouch factor upon removal.Scientists led by Jeffrey Karp defined the need and requirements for a new neonatal adhesive based on national surveys of neonatal clinicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17027928", "title": "Showrooms vacate Palace premises to ensure security", "text": "MYSORE: In order to ensure security at Amba Vilas Palace, the district administration and the Palace Board have shifted Cauvery Emporium to old Archeological Survey of India (ASI) building in the Palace premises. The process to shift Priyadarshini Handloom to ASI building in a fortnight is on.The move follows a report by National Security Guards (NSG) which had visited the Palace 10 months ago. It had directed the administration to relocate the two-decades-old showrooms.DC P S Vastrad and city police commissioner K L Sudheer had issued notices to the proprietors of Cauvery Emporium and Priyadarshini Handlooms which have their showrooms in the main building of the Palace.Speaking to TOI, Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya said that they decided to relocate the showrooms considering NSG reports concerning the security of the Palace. Accordingly, all commercial activities in the Palace will be stopped. Even the existing shops will be shifted to the ASI building.To ensure security to the Palace, nobody will be allowed to bring sealed boxes into the monument. NSG had taken exception to laxity in this regard, especially from showroom owners.Subramanya said that orders for eviction were issued a year ago, but the proprietors had been ignoring it. Police commissioner and the district administration warned of severe action, after which the premises are being vacated.\"We are yet to take a decision on what can be done with the vacated place,\" he said, adding that Cauvery Emporium, which carried out business for the past 17 years, paid a monthly rent of Rs 30,000. Priyadarshini Handlooms has not paid any rent.The Board is contemplating to replace Priyadarshini Handlooms showroom with that of Karnataka Silk Industries Corporation (KSIC). \"Foreigners visiting the city look for genuine Mysore silk saris, and the demand has been on the rise,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026470", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIn-laws harassed Akanksha, her husband\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost after a week after entrepreneur Akanksha Rathi's death, her parents have alleged that she had faced continuous harassment from her in-laws since her marriage in 2004. Akansha and Anirudh were from different castes and Anirudh's family was against the match. However, after a courtship of almost four years, they got married.Akanksha's parents said that Anirudh's grandfather, PC Rathi, had handed over the Indore unit of Rathi Iron and Steel Industries Limited (RISIL) to the couple. But after the old man's death, Anirudh's parents allegedly transferred the shares of the couple to someone else and sold off the company in December last year. This had caused a financial crisis for the couple.Akanksha and Anirudh met in the capital in 1999 at a GMAT coaching class. They studied together for MBA at the University of California, Berkeley, and at University of Cardiff, Wales. Anirudh then returned to India but Akanksha stayed back to complete her MS in Information Systems from Lancaster University in UK. In 2003, Anirudh told his family about his wish to marry Akanksha. However, because the two belonged to different castes, their match was not accepted by the family. \"Anirudh's grandfather loved Anirudh a lot and agreed to get them married. They tied the knot in 2004. We did our best to organize a grand wedding that would suit their taste,\" said Akanksha's mother, Anita Singh, breaking down.After their marriage, the couple was sent off to Indore to take care of the unit there. Anirudh was the managing director while Akanksha was made director, marketing. \"Their business was flourishing. In fact, my daughter won the 'Outstanding Entrepreneurship Award 2009' at the Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Awards,\" added Anita.Akanksha's parents alleged that in 2010, after Anirudh's grandfather's death, his parents wanted to shut down the Indore unit. \"The company started slipping. Both came back to Delhi and were under tremendous stress because of the financial setback. Anirudh was also suffering from epilepsy,\" said Anita.Anirudh's parents reportedly sent the couple back to Indore for a brief period before the company was sold off. \"The two had tried very hard to save the company from being put on the block but failed. Banks did not sanction them loans either,\" added Anita.Akanksha's father, K P Singh, has submitted to the police four emails allegedly sent by Anirudh to his father between 2011 and 2012. In these emails, Anirudh pleads with his father against selling off the Indore unit and complains about Akanksha being treated badly by the family. Anirudh has a younger brother and a cousin who share the family business. K P Singh, a retired government engineer and alumni of IIT Chennai, also showed a copy of the FIR filed by Akanksha in Hindi at Indore. Akanksha alleged in it that she was always being harassed by her in-laws because her family could not match their financial status and also because she was from a different caste.\"The financial problems coupled with the family's behaviour with Akanksha had led to deterioration in Anirudh's health. He died after a heart attack on September 4. Akanksha's in laws went to Indore and cremated his body there. But after Akanksha came to Delhi, she was not allowed to participate in the last rites. She was also asked to leave the house. After the completion of one month of his death, Akanksha wanted to attend the puja being held at her in-laws' place. When we went to their house, the guard told us that we won't be allowed inside,\" added Anita. The parents alleged that all of Akanksha's belongings, including her gold and diamond jewellery that were kept at her in-law's place, were taken away.Akanksha and Anirudh had a pet dog in Indore. On October 14, she went to Indore to check on their house and the pet. \"All the belongings from the house had been taken away and the house had been ransacked. That's when Akanksha filed a case against her in-laws for harassment,\" said Anita.After Akanksha came back to Delhi with her parents and her dog, she continued to be in depression. She had been taking medicine for depression for a few years. \"She brought her pet, Dopy, along because she said he was her only memory of the good times she had spent with Anirudh. On October 21, she also consulted a lawyer about claiming maintenance. But I think depression had overpowered her and she killed herself on October 23. By the time we rushed her to hospital, she had died,\" said the mother.All efforts to contact Akanksha's in-laws to get their version and their response to the allegations being made by her family proved futile. Even a visit to their house at 26 Sadhna Enclave (Malviya Nagar area) didn't yield anything. The guards at the gate said the owners of the house had left on Monday and they had been instructed not to speak to anyone.Indore police in capital for probe", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17026993", "title": "Shriniwas Vashisht supersedes seniors to become new Haryana DGP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shriniwas Vashisht, a 1981 IPS officer, is set to become Haryana's new Director General of Police superseding three officials in the department who were senior to him.Vashisht, presently DGP, Vigilance Bureau will take over from 1974 batch IPS officer R S Dalal who retires tomorrow, an official spokesman said here, adding that he will remain at his post until November 30, 2015.Dalal will be given a farewell at Haryana Police Academy on Wednesday morning. Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is learned to have played a \"friend in deed\" as Dalal, who is former's classmate, has got a new assignment as director of Haryana Institute of Public Administration (HIPA), Gurgaon.Dalal now joins the bandwagon of retired Haryana top brass, who are given new assignments after attaining superannuation. His appointment orders came a day ahead of his retirement. Currently posted as director, state vigilance bureau (SVB), Haryana, the 1981 batch-IPS, Vashisht, a post graduate and a law graduate, has held important portfolios in central forces as well as in the field during his 33 years of service in Haryana police.The three 1979 batch IPS officers superseded by Vashisht are Sharad Kumar, R K Vachher and Satyendar Kumar.While Sharad Kumar, presently DGP (Crime) has been shifted to State Vigilance Bureau as DG, Vachher has been shifted from HR and Litigation to Haryana Police Housing Corporation as Chairman.Satyendar Kumar has been posted as Commandant General, Home Guards.The posts given to Vachher and Satyendar Kumar, however, are equivalent to that of Director General of Police (DGP).Meanwhile, Haryana Government today appointed outgoing Ranjiv Singh Dalal as Director General of Haryana Institute of Public Administration.He will assume charge on November 1 and will be at his post for a period of one year, an official release said here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027917", "title": "NDMA issues alert about Cyclone Nilam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) has issued an alert regarding Cyclone Nilam, which is likely to lash parts of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Puducherry by Wednesday.The cyclone, triggered by a deep depression that had formed in the Bay of Bengal, is expected to hit Nagapattinam (Tamil Nadu) and Nellore (south Andhra Pradesh) by Wednesday evening at a speed of 80-100 kmph.Chennai is experiencing rains, and with the onslaught of the cyclone several of its low-lying areas are in danger of being inundated. While governments of the states concerned have shut colleges, schools and offices, NDMA has put two battalions of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) on stand by to meet any eventuality. One of the battalions is stationed in Andhra Pradesh's Guntur, and another is in Chennai.\"Information on the cyclone has been shared with district magistrates of all the districts expected to be hit by the cyclone. Both the teams of the NDRF have been asked to remain in touch with the state governments facing the cyclone for quick action in any eventuality,\" said NDMA member V K Duggal.Sources said on the request of Nellore DM, an NDRF team has left for the district with all necessary rescue equipment to meet any eventuality.The Authority has also urged people to refer to its guidelines on cyclones and act accordingly. A set of do's and don'ts detailing precautions to be taken before, during and after a cyclone are listed on the NDMA website for the general public.State governments have asked fishermen in Nagapattinam, Chennai and Puducherry not to venture into the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bomdila", "code": "17028894", "title": "'Defeat in 1962 war compelled Centre to focus on Arunachal'", "text": "BOMDILA: Even as India lost the 1962 Sino-Indian war, it was a juncture in history which changed New Delhi's approach towards Arunachal Pradesh. The people of Arunachal, who witnessed the war from close quarters, believe that the conflict forced the Centre to change its apathetic attitude and policies towards the backward tribal state and the region in general.The northeast was a totally neglected region before the 1962 war. But, India's crushing defeat at the hands of the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) drew the attention of policy makers towards NE.\"The defeat was a huge loss of national pride. As a result, the government learnt a lesson and started to look into the development needs of the northeast,\" said Dorjee Khandu Thongdok, a former Congress minister of the state.Tsering Wange, a post-1962 generation man and a tour operator in Bomdila, terms the war as a blessing in disguise. Wange, also an alumni of Sainik School Imphal, said, \"As compared to China, the development in the Tawang-Bomdila sector may be slow, but we cannot ignore the fact that the Centre has invested a huge amount of money for the development of this Himalayan state and for the entire northeast.\"Another local, Indi Glow, who runs an NGO on eco-tourism at Tenga, said the process of development was very slow before 1962, but it gained momentum after the war. Glow says he witnessed a lot of improvement in roads and education in his state.Sixty-eight-year-old Tsering Tashi, who fled Bomdila during the war, said the road to Tawang has improved considerably after the war. \"Earlier, there was a narrow road from Tawang to Missimari in Assam via Rupa and Chaku, where heavy vehicles could not ply. After 1962, the present highway from Bhalukpung to Tawang via Tenga was constructed. We now have at least two roads to reach Assam from Bomdila-Tawang,\" said Tashi, who as a young boy took part in receiving the Dalai Lama at Bomdila in 1959 when he fled Tibet .Deputy Commissioner of West Kameng district, Rinchin Tashi said the third road is coming up soon and the construction work has entered the final phase. Rinchin said the new road will connect Tenga with Orang in Assam via Rupa, Kalaktang and Shikaridenga.The huge army deployment, tourism and constant VVIP movement have led to the improvement of roads in Tawang area. Wange also mentioned that work on the Rs 5,500-cr trans-Arunachal highway project, has already began.In January 2008, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had announced the construction of a two-lane trans-Arunachal Pradesh highway covering 1,840 km connecting Tawang to Mahadevpur passing through all the important districts. As China renewed its claim over Arunachal Pradesh, Singh visited Itanagar to boost the morale of the people and announced a package of Rs 8,000 crore for implementing various infrastructure-development related projects in the state.\"The war was an eye-opener. The North East Frontier Agency (Nefa) was under the external affairs ministry as a buffer zone between China and India. But, the war has led to the conversion of this buffer zone into a full fledged Indian state,\" said Thongdok, also the first writer from the state to write a book on the Chinese aggression.Thongdok continued, \"After the war, we saw the Centre focusing its attention on Arunachal and the northeast, developing education, communication, power generation and other infrastructure projects.\"In 2009, the Central Electricity Authority has estimated the potential to generate 49,126 MW electricity from 89 big hydroelectric projects in Arunachal Pradesh, while smaller ones are expected to generate another 1,600 MW.Wange, however, said much more was still required to be done, particularly in the communication sector. Telephone connectivity is still very poor in Bomdila, Tenga and Tawang with the government-owned BSNL being the only service provider.Though the pace is slow, the Centre is trying to improve the infrastructure of the state. Arunachal's capital Itanagar will soon join the country's railway map with the Harmuti to Itanagar railway line project nearing completion.Arunachal Pradesh is connected with only 1.26 km railway link up to Bhalukpong in West Kameng district by meter gauge, though work is in progress now for broad gauge conversion. The railways' next target in the state will be Pasighat and Pasuramkund.Glow says the younger generation does not know or converse much about the war and they are more concerned about their career. \"But, the war is still an important topic of discussion among the older generation. I still do not know how China claimed our state as theirs, as historically, we were always in touch with Assam,\" he says.After lying low after the 1962 war, China raked up Arunachal Pradesh as a disputed territory in 2008. Experts in Indo-China relations felt that the raking up of the issue without any provocation from New Delhi shows the growing interest of China in Arunachal for some reasons other than the usual historical issues. Experts believe that China's focus could be on Tsangpo River (i.e. Brahmaputra in India) as its basin has huge hydropower potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027284", "title": "Three get life term for rape and robbery", "text": "KOCHI: A local court on Tuesday awarded life imprisonment to three persons for raping a 71-year-old woman and robbing her gold ornaments in the city in 2001. Joy (46) of Thiruvananthapuram, Narayanan (60) of Haripad and Maneesh (32) of Vechoor are those convicted.The accused were convicted and sentenced by additional district sessions judge B Vijayan. The incident which occurred on November 13, 2011 was investigated by a police team led by commissioner M R Ajith Kumar , assistant commissioner Sunil Jacob, circle inspector D S Suneesh Babu and sub inspector A Ananthalal. While Joy was sentenced to 47 years of jail term, Narayanan was sentenced to 37 years and Maneesh to three years. The fourth accused in the case identified as Sibin (30) of Pallimukku was acquitted.The woman was raped and robbed of her valuables at knife point by the convicts. The incident occurred at her home around 7.30am where she was staying alone for the past couple of years. Police said the convicted had sneaked into her house while she was at a temple and waited for her to return. They took 30 sovereigns of gold and Rs 70,000 in cash.The woman was a widow and her children were settled in other parts of the country. The woman used to visit the nearby temple regularly around 7am. The convicts entered the house and hid in the visitors' room that was not locked properly. They pounced on her when she returned.Police came to know about the incident around 8am after her relatives reported the robbery.Gambling racket busted: Police team on Tuesday busted a gambling racket and seized Rs 4.5 lakh from them. Police also arrested 11 members of the racket which was operating from a bar hotel at Kadavanthara.The arrested were identified as Thaha (38), Rafeeq (31), Pareeth (51), Andavan (42), Neeshad (30), Arshad (45), Naufal (37), Nazar (43), Aziz (41) and Shebeez (50).All belonged to various parts of Ernakulam. Police also seized 13 mobile phones and motorcycles of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028043", "title": "Thevar supporters clog Anna Salai", "text": "CHENNAI: They came to garland a statue in Nandanam and left the city in a tangle. The Pasumpon Muthuramalinga Thevar Jayanthi in the city turned out to be a traffic-stopper, literally, as hundreds of vehicles carrying thousands of people from across the state clogged arterial Anna Salai.It was not just the arterial road which carries more than 20,000 cars every hour that was affected\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe pile-up spilled onto the adjacent roads, affecting vehicular movement in T Nagar, Alwarpet and Saidapet. People were stranded on the roads for several hours as the traffic police failed to take control of the situation.\"The police either underestimated the number of people or did nothing to ease the situation,\" said N Gayathri, who was stuck for more than an hour from 1pm on Anna Salai. Some motorists said they took more than two hours to travel less than 5km.\"From 1.30pm to 2.30pm I tried to drive from Kotturpuram to Anna Salai, a distance of hardly half a kilometre,\" said A Ramachandran. The police had cordoned off several parts of Anna Salai to let Thevar followers to park their cars on the main road. \"It was irritating to watch people sleep in their cars parked on the main road while I was getting drenched in the rain,\" said R Rajagopal, a twowheeler rider who had to go from Saidapet to Teynampet.Police said there were around 15,000 people at any given point of time near the Thevar statue at Nandanam on Tuesday, and more than one lakh people would have come to pay obeisance to the Forward Bloc leader. \"We deployed more than 800 personnel to keep the situation under control,\" said a senior police officer.This included 350 personnel from the traffic police, which meant traffic in other places in the city were left unattended during most part of the day. Officials said the situation this year was worse than last year as the metro rail work had already shrunk road space. \"Several commuters were not clear about the traffic diversions and that made things worse,\" said an officer. \"Even when told, many would argue with our officials, leading to pile-up of traffic behind them,\" said an officer.Ambulance drivers said they had to struggle to get the vehicles moving. Officials from 108 ambulance services said the problem was largely confined to ambulances returning back to base. \"We had ambulances stationed at Guindy, Raj Bhavan, Saidapet, Teynampet and Spencer Plaza. So reaching the spot and getting them to the hospital was relatively easier,\" said an official from 108 service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026405", "title": "Cops get 2-year rigorous imprisonment for taking bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two policemen were sentenced to two years of rigorous imprisonment for demanding and taking bribe from a Blueline driver.Special judge B R Kedia convicted head constable Bobby (33) and constable Sudhir Kumar Yadav (43) for demanding Rs 1,500 monthly from the driver. It also imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 each.\"... The efficiency in public service would improve only when the public servants exhibit honesty in day-to-day affairs,\" the court said. The court, however, suspended the convicts' sentence till November 19 to enable them to move to higher courts against their conviction, and granted them bail till then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17027722", "title": "Ground zero cooped up in worry", "text": "An ostrich peeps out of the fencing around the Central Poultry Development Organization (CPDO) in Hesaraghatta every time it hears humans approaching.The lone flightless bird, described by CPDO staff as human friendly, is now apparently longing for human company as most staffers keep try to keep away from it, given the raging bird flu scare in the area.The ostrich is a rare survivor of its kind on the 500-acre CPDO campus that has been reduced to a graveyard of domesticated birds. It has not been culled given its healthy status, staff said. Thousands of other turkeys, chickens, emus and ducks on the campus were not as lucky and have been culled already, while a few remaining are only waiting for their turn to be killed.The CPDO has even barred most its staff from entering the enclosures where these birds had once been housed. Only those taking part in the culling operations are seen in these pockets and that too in protective suits and masks. On Tuesday, these masked men in astronaut-like suits were seen carrying huge lumps of white plastic like material which were then dumped in four pits.\"These pits are 20 feet deep, 12 feet long and three feet wide. We shall cover these pits by evening,\" one masked man told TOI.According to the masked men, they have culled almost all flu-hit birds and are in the process of sterilizing the sheds. \"Anti virus liquids, mostly containing potassium permanganate, are being sprayed all over the place,\" they said.Meanwhile, two staff members came out of a unit and were seen washing their legs with potassium permanganate.To prevent the bird flu virus from spreading, small bowl like concrete ponds have been put up in front of every cage. \"All those who enter have to dip their feet in these bowls that are filled with potassium permanganate. Even vehicles have to rinse and wash their tyres in these ponds before moving ahead,\" an employee said.15-day-old flu?A CPDO staffer told TOI that the bird flu was first discovered at the campus in mid-October. \"Initially, it did not spread to other birds. Before we could realize, it was all over the place,\" he said.No poultry movementThe deputy commissioner of Bangalore Urban district has banned marketing and movement of all poultry and poultry products to and from the surveillance zone declared in areas within 10 km of the Central Poultry Development Organization (CPDO), Hesaraghatta. The ban will remain in place till November 15.About 1.5 lakh poultry birds are said to be housed in hundreds of commercial and private farms in 63 villages situated in the surveillance zone around Hesaraghatta.The surveillance zone has been declared as part of an action plan to prevent the spread of bird flu after an outbreak of avian influenza was announced on CPDO campus last week.\"Till Tuesday, 19,154 chickens have been culled and disposed of as per the guidelines\" said an official release.According to the release, 81 chickens, 13,673 ducks and 369 emu birds are yet to be culled and the same would be done at the earliest. Fifty-two sheds of birds too will be sterilized soon, it said.Six teams involved in surveillance work have collected 175 samples and sent the same for investigation. No unusual death of birds was noticed in the surveillance zone or in any part of the state on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17027508", "title": "HC notice to CIC on 'irregular' appointment", "text": "JABALPUR: In a writ petition challenging the validity of his appointment on multiple grounds, the Madhya Pradesh HC has served two weeks notice on the newly appointed chief information commissioner (CIC) of the state, Iqbal Ahmad.The division bench of Chief Justice S A Bobade and Justice Alok Aradhe has given two weeks time to Ahmad to file his reply and explain the alleged irregularities in the appointment.The petitioners, former IPS officer Arun Gurtu and activist Ajay Dubey, had challenged the appointment procedure of the CIC and IC (information commissioner) in May charging that the process was initiated without inserting advertisement/public notice or inviting application from all parties concerned and therefore deserves to be quashed.The exercise, it maintained also flouts the guidelines spelled out by the Supreme Court in the case of Namit Sharma vs Union of India vs others and direction of the MP HC, the petitioners claimed.The counsel for petitioners, Sidharth R Gupta, cited before the bench the ruling in Namit Sharma vs Union of India and others which held that as chief CIC and IC were required to perform quasi judicial functions it would be \"just, fair and proper\" if they \"possessed a degree in law\"have \"adequate knowledge and experience in the field of law\". The SC, he argued, had also enlisted consultation with chief justice one of the requisite conditions prior to selection and insisted upon transparency in the exercise.Terming the appointment of Ahmad \"as a purely backdoor entry motivated by political consideration\", the counsel argued that despite the issue being sub judice, the state government went ahead without issuing any notice or setting up any panel. The exercise, Gupta stressed, \"was opaque, non-transparent and arbitrary.\"Moreover, the manner of appointment also violated article 16 of Indian Constitution regarding equal opportunity in the matter of employment. Ahmad was a former IAS officer and has no judicial background and therefore is not suited for the post, the counsel maintained.In response to the PIL, the HC had issued notices to the Centre's department of personnel, CM secretariat, Governor's office and general administrative department. The bench on May 12, 2012, had sought reply within 4 weeks and directed that any appointment to the post of CIC or IC shall be subject to the decision of the court. In the last hearing, the petitioners had moved an amendment application to implead Ahmad in his personal capacity as a necessary party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17028898", "title": "Itanagar on India's railway map soon", "text": "ITANAGAR: The capital city of Arunachal Pradesh, Itanagar, will soon be included in the country's railway map with the Harmuti to Itanagar railway line project nearing completion.\"Construction of all 46 minor bridges has been completed while substructure and superstructure of five out of eight major bridges is over. Work is in progress at the remaining sites,\" official sources informed here.Arunachal Pradesh is connected with only a 1.26-km railway link up to Bhalukpong in West Kameng district through Balipara to Bhalukpong (meter gauge) branch line (34.47 km), built in the year 1990.In order to provide rail link up to Itanagar, construction of a new line from Harmuti to Itanagar was proposed in 1996-97, but the project was put on hold following a request by the state government.Finally, the state government approved of the alignment from Harmuti to Itanagar in October 2006. The line which starts from Harmuti station of Rangiya-Murkongselek meter gauge section was to be converted into broad gauge, keeping in view the ongoing gauge conversion of the existing meter gauge line from Rangiya in Assam to Murkongselek in East Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh.The state government gave its consent in 2010 to terminate the railway line at Naharlagun. The alignment from Harmuti railway station traverses 9 km in Lakhimpur district of Assam and then 11 Km in Papum Pare district of Arunachal.Assam and Arunachal governments have already sanctioned the required land for the project to the railways. Track linking is also in progress, the sources disclosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027930", "title": "10,000 additional CRPF personnel to be deployed in Maoist-hit states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Making its intent to intensify anti-Maoist operations clear, the government has decided to deploy around 10,000 additional CRPF personnel for anti-Naxal operations in Left Wing Extremism (LWE)-hit states.The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), which is the mainstay for anti-Maoist operations, has already deployed 75,000 personnel for the purpose, besides few battalions of other central forces such as BSF and ITBP.Sources in the paramilitary force said that while 4,000 of this additional force will be fresh recruits, who have joined the force, the rest 6,000 will be diverted from other areas. A senior CRPF official said, \"The Union home ministry has asked us to deploy six additional battalions in Naxal-violence hit areas after withdrawing them from Jammu and Kashmir while about four other units can be picked from the regular training contingents.The force has initiated the process and the final inductions will take place in a phased manner, the officer said. Currently, 65 battalions of CRPF are deployed in Jammu &amp; Kashmir.CRPF chief Pranay Sahay, who took over the charge of the country's largest paramilitary a fortnight ago, said the force would work to bring more areas into the mainstream that are considered liberated zones and have no presence of government machinery.The force, according to the DG, has also sought the home ministry's approval to hire two helicopters to ferry troops and rations in Naxal-affected states. These choppers would be hired from Pawan Hans, said sources. Until now, the CRPF took help from the Army.Sources said in order to streamline the increasing workload of the force in anti-Naxal operations, six new posts of Inspector General (IG) have been created.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027110", "title": "Papers stolen from KMC tender box", "text": "KOLKATA: Controversies and Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) seem to keep courting each other. The latest of them came on Tuesday, when a gang broke open a tender box at the civic body's SN Banerjee Road headquarters and fled with some papers - significantly a day ahead of the deadline to announce the bids for Kolkata's 29 parking lots, where private agencies are engaged to collect parking fees. Police have detained a man.People were dropping the tenders in sealed envelops into a box kept in a room when the gang of around 30 men suddenly barged in, broke the box, snatched some envelops and fled, said KMC officials. An FIR was lodged and the police seized the box.It was only after police launched a probe did the truth surface. Only registered cooperatives were allowed to participate in the tender process, explained an officer. \"Prima facie it seems these cooperatives had pre-decided on a cut-off amount to bid. This was unknown to the KMC officers. However, the cooperatives suspected that someone among them had broken the pact. They weren't sure, but wanted to check it out. And that is why they broke open the tender box,\" he said.However, they had to flee when the KMC officers raised an alarm, said the officer. \"It's still not clear whether they fled with completed tender bids,\" he said, adding that a man has been detained for questioning. \"We suspect the involvement of others too and will also have to explore the legal aspects before slapping any charges on anyone. That's because technically, there has been no material loss,\" he explained.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, took a firm stand. \"This is an unfortunate and unprecedented incident. The earlier tender invitation stands cancelled. New dates to invite tenders will be announced soon.\"A KMC officer said the new tenders will be invited from Wednesday, but the KMC will now be very cautions of any malpractice. Earlier, too, allegations were raised against these parking cooperatives of acting in collusion, but nothing could be proved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026962", "title": "Van majoors to be regularized as per seniority", "text": "NAGPUR: Sarjan Bhagat, additional principal chief conservator of forests ( APCCF) for administration and subordinate cadre, on Tuesday said that injustice will not be done against any van majoors while regularizing their services.Reacting to allegations by forest unions over discrepancies in the forest department list, especially the number of van majoors (forest workers) to be regularized being inflated by the officials, Bhagat said as per the government decision on October 16, 5,018 van majoors will be absorbed into service.In 2008 there was a proposal to regularize 7,158 such workers. However, after verification the list was curtailed to 5,089. Names of those who died and attained 60 years of age were excluded.The two leading forest workers unions led by Siraj Patel and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Ajay Patil are protesting against flaws in the regularization process and want transparency.However, Bhagat has said that if the figures are found to be inflated action will be taken against staff at the respective circle level.Patel said the issue is not of regularizing 5,089 workers \"but the list doesn't match with the one sent by the respective forest divisions\".For example, Patel alleged, in Yavatmal Circle 412 workers are to be regularized but the PCCF office says the number is 766. There are similar flaws in list from Gondia, Bhandara, Wadsa, Wardha, Kolhapur and Aurangabad divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17027106", "title": "35-year-old's body found in gutter", "text": "GURGAON: A body was found in a gutter near Baba Prakash Puri Ashram in Tuesday. The victim was missing from Sunday evening. An FIR has been lodged against unknowns.The deceased has been identified as 35-year-old Jaswant Singh, native of Alwar in Rajasthan. He was working with a private firm in Sector 14 and was living in Rajendra park area for the last 10 years with his wife Jyoti and 11-year-old son.The victim's wife told the police that his husband Jaswant had gone somewhere around 7pm but did not return back by late night. After Jyoti and her son failed to trace Jaswant, they lodged a missing report in Rajendra Park police station on Monday evening. The victim's brother alleged that his brother was killed.On Tuesday afternoon someone informed the police that a body was lying in gutter near Baba Prakash Puri Ashram.\"We have lodged an FIR of murder on the statement of Jyoti against unknown persons and we will conduct the postmortem on Wednesday. Our next step will depend on postmortem report as it will help establish cause of death\", said SHO, Rajendra Park police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17027161", "title": "Attention: How they manage toll gates on Route 90 in Chicago", "text": "Having lived through nerve wracking traffic jams at the Sirhol toll barrier, I now look with new interest at such facilities to see how they work at other places. Currently in the US, I was driven recently through the toll plaza at Elgin on Route 90 out west from Chicago . The passage through the checkpoint was a breeze.There were seven lanes on either side. On the extreme right (this is a right hand drive country) were the ones where cash is collected manually. The boom at the barrier is raised after the payment is made. Most motorists try to avoid this with the result that no long queues form here, too.Closer to the divider are the three boom-less lanes. These are the ones used most. You just drive through. There is no horizontal bar to block the road at all. What you need is an I-Pass, which is something like the tag we have in India. If you have one of these, the charge is half i.e.75 cents and there is no waiting. The cameras read the 'transponder' affixed to the wind shield and the amount gets charged to your account.It is estimated that daily commuters who use this cash-less facility save about two hours every week in driving time. But what happens to the violators? These are of two kinds. First there are those who have registered and obtained a transponder but have run out of money in their account. They get a specified time to settle the charges at the cash rate, which is $ 1.50. If they don't, depending on the number of violations, they will pay the charge and a fine that starts at $ 20 (over Rs 1000).All infringements are captured on the camera and motorists who do not have a transponder, but drive through the cashless lane pay fines starting at $ 100. If they don't within a specified time, the license and/or registration of the car may be cancelled and the recovery of the money is entrusted to collection agents who do not have a reputation for politeness or courtesy.On some of the smaller roads toll charges are also collected not in person, but through metallic baskets. The driver has to fling the exact change into the basket as he drives along, which counts electronically what has been proffered and within split seconds the barrier rises. To use this lane you need to carry the money in coins. A motorist I know tried to test the equipment by mixing a rupee coin with the American quarters (they are of the same size and weight), but it did not work. The boom did not rise until the deficiency in local coinage had been made up.Whether such systems will work in India is debatable. But the basic principle is that people should be given an incentive to use the cashless facility (which comes at a 50% discount on the cash charge) and be made to pay a harsh penalty in case they violate the law. Motorists must see some positive advantage in using the tag lanes, otherwise why would they go through the hassle of getting the cards?Incidentally, toll barriers in the US do not have a list of VIPs exempt from payment. Robert Vadra will find himself very out of place here. And the gun wielding MP from Gujarat will get locked up without a second thought.Back in India, the advantage of dispensing with cash transfer at various exits becomes apparent with one look at the Sikanderpur metro station. As soon as the rush hour train pulls in, queues that span the entire length of the hall form for the exits. But even before you can say \"Sikanderpur\" they are gone. The reason for this is that no money changes hands at the turnstiles. Commuters carry either a token or a smart card and they either drop the first into the slot or flash the second and walk through.The principle of cashless passage has to be developed at the toll plazas on the highways as well, to get rid of the congestion. One option could be to set up a few lanes before the actual barrier for people to buy single-use tags. Those who have regular tag cards can skip these lanes and then everybody just drives through the toll barriers. No cash changes hands. Of course, there have to be severe penalties for violators. But unless we have the will and the wherewithal to persecute them, we will have to reconcile ourselves to the perpetuation of the mess we are in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "virudhunagar (tamil nadu)", "code": "17026723", "title": "Student stabs teacher for scolding him, escapes", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR (TAMIL NADU): A Class 9 student of a private school in south Tamil Nadu's Virudhunagar stabbed his mathematics teacher, Pandiarajan, for scolding him for coming late to class on Tuesday.The boy then ran away from the school and remained on the run. Pandiarajan, who suffered an injury in his back, has been admitted to a government hospital and his condition is stated to be stable. \"We have searched his house and asked his parents to inform us if he telephones them or visits home,\" said a police officer.Pandiarajan had been scolding the boy for the past two days for his unpunctuality. But he ignored warnings and again came to school late on Tuesday. Pandiarajan pulled him up for repeatedly coming late to school. After scolding him, Pandirajan turned to walk away when the boy pulled out a knife that he had brought with him and stabbed him in the back.Pandiarajan collapsed on the ground. Even as the stunned students in the class looked on helplessly, the boy escaped from the school. Fellow teachers rushed to the classroom hearing the noise and rushed Pandiarajan to the hospital. \"We do not know whether it was a knife or some other instrument. But from the narration of the teacher and the students it appears that the boy had planned the attack,\" said a police officer.The alarming frequency of incidents of students threatening or attacking teachers have become a cause of concern for the teaching community in Tamil Nadu .In February this year, a Class 9 student in Chennai stabbed to death his teacher allegedly for scolding him. Within a week, two XII students at Narikudi in Virudhunagar district were arrested and charged under the Juvenile Justice Act for threatening a teacher with a knife. Two days later, a group of students in a Kanyakumari school brandished a knife at a teacher and threatened him with dire consequences if he scolded them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026368", "title": "Nagpurians introduced to 'access bar' healing", "text": "NAGPUR: The city got a taste of a healing technique that has recently become popular in the country, with international healer Aditi Surti guiding them into 'access bar' healing. Defined as a set of tools that heightens level of consciousness, the technique is known to bring radical changes in the lives of those who undergo it.Surti had come to the city for a workshop on Saturday organized by Integrated Healing Forum as part of a tour of six cities. Grouped in teams of two, the participants became 'givers' and 'takers' of energy, painting a picture of extreme calm positivity.\"It has been more than two decades since the bars have been around, but it has only been in the past year that they have gained popularity in India, with some 15 facilitators throughout the country. There are 32 points on the head, known as bars, which have stored inside them up to 10,000 years of judgment and limitations. What we do in a session is recharge these bars and release the stored mental blocks,\" explained Surti. She says that she herself felt the difference of moving from a state of judgment to that of possibilities. \"After undergoing these sessions, people have experienced a complete overhaul of all areas of their lives including relationships, money, ageing and weight among many others,\" she added.Those who were attending the sessions seconded Surti's claims. Marketing analyst Shreesh Tongaonkar had brought his mother to learn the technique. \"I had attended a session sometime ago and there were visible improvements in my career and health. If my mother learns the technique, she can give me the healing whenever I need,\" he said. Secretary of the forum Dr Sara Chimthanawala, who was also 'taking in' the energy said she felt a flow of energy through her body and was completely relaxed after the session.Academician Nandini Jathar said she was free of all worries troubling her after the session while her partner interior designer Saroj Rathi said she was feeling lighter despite being the 'giver'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17026997", "title": "Mamata meets rebel Cong MLA, assures cabinet berth", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress MLA from English Bazar, Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury, who is set to join the Mamata Banerjee-cabinet, held a discussion with the chief minister about his political career and scenario in Malda at the Writers' Buildings on Tuesday. The meeting lasted for over two hours.The CM is also planning to induct another new face in her government - Amol Acharya from Itahar - to counter Deepa Das Munshi on her home turf.Trinamool sources said that Chowdhury, who is also the chairman of the English Bazar Municipality, is trying to bring in all the nine otherCongress councillors to Trinamool. In the municipality, Congress has 10 councillors, while its ally the Trinamool has eight councillors and the Left Front has seven.Bengal industries and commerce minister Partha Chatterjee confirmed Chowdhury's induction in the party. He said: \"He is an old colleague andmet the CM and Trinamool supremo expressing his will to join the party. He will soon take a final decision and then we will induct him in the party and government.\"Chatterjee said that Trinamool wants to give him the due honour. \"He has very good administrative skills and we want to utilize that. Now, it is time for Chowdhury to take a final call.\" Chatterjee appealed to the Congess workers, who want to join the Trinamool, to come forward and join the Maa-Mati-Manush government without any delay.Chowdhury said: \"The party, with which I am associated, is adopting anti-people policies and that's why I want to shift. It is painful for the common people as they are taxing the people and for that I want to join Trinamool.I met the CM and discussed about the future course. She has assured me a place in the party and government.\" However, he said that he would be talking to his old-time colleagues before joining Trinamool, since he wanted them to be in the Trinamool as well.He said, \"I have to talk to all my colleagues before formally joining Trinamool. I am right now a Congress MLA and have also discussed about the issue of my resigning as a Congress MLA with the CM.\"\"According to the Anti-Defection Law, once the MLA leaves his party and joins another party he is fit for expulsion. Once Chowhdury joins Trinamool, Congress legislative party will obviously write to the speaker for expelling him. But, after allit is the speaker to decide when he will expel the MLA under the Anti-Defection Law,\" said Congress leader Arunabha Ghosh, who is also an advocate.According to him, it is better for him to resign first before joining the Trinamool. \"He can continue as a minister for a period of six months without being an MLA and then face the election. He can also continue without putting in his papers at the Assembly, but the matter can be challenged in the court,\" he added.He said the Calcutta high court had earlier upheld the expulsion of Sabitri Mitra after she left Congress and joined Trinamool. \"She failed to give a satisfactory reply to the then Speaker Hasim Abdul Halim on whether she was in the Congress or not and in the court, too, her reply was unsatisfactory.\" Amidst Mamata Banerjee is likely to reshuffle her cabinet this week and one of the new faces in her cabinet will be Krishnendu Narayan Choudhury, the Congress MLA from English Bazar, who is joining Trinamool. The man from Malda on Tuesday held discussion with Mamata about his political career and Malda politics for about two hours in Writers' Buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17026037", "title": "Teenage cancer victim lies untreated for lack of funds", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The parents of 17-year-old Abhijit Mishra have sold almost everything they had for their son's treatment, and are now looking at an uncertain future as they don't know where from they can arrange more funds. Abhijit, a resident of the remote Saliganja village in Jajpur district's Danagadi block, is suffering from cancer.When the Plus II student of Basyanagar College was down with cold last year, his mother did not worry at first. But, within weeks, the robust and healthy boy became totally bed ridden and was too week to move. Doctors at Jajpur government hospital suspected it might be cancer, and asked his parents to take him to Acharya Harihar Cancer Research Centre (AHCRC) in Cuttack.Throughout the long and grueling bus journey from Saliganja to Cuttack, the Mishras hoped against hope that the doctors would be proved wrong. However, after a barrage of tests at the hospital at AHCRC, their worst fears came true. Abhijit was diagnosed with blood cancer. Without intense radiotherapy and cycles of other costly treatments, his chances of survival were slim.\"We have sold almost everything we owned in our village to arrange money for the treatment of our son,\" said his father Paramananda, who works as a mechanic in a garage and earns Rs 6,000 a month.\"My husband has sold our cattle, hens, the bit of land we owned and even our furniture, but still we don't have enough money to cover the expenses of living in Cuttack and the special diet and medicines that Abhijit needs. Doctors advised us to admit Abhijit to a cancer hospital in Mumbai. But we have no money for that,\" said Kanaklata, Abhijit's mother.From his bed, Abhijit understands that he is sick, but he has no idea of the desperate battle his family is fighting to ensure his survival.\"My son needs over Rs 3 lakh for treatment, but we cannot afford it. I need help from the government ,\" a distraught Paramananda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17027687", "title": "PFI to hold meeting today", "text": "MANGALORE: The Popular Front of India (PFI), which is in the middle of a month-long nationalwide campaign 'Why PFI' that got underway on October 10, will hold a public meeting at Nehru Maidan here on November 2 as part of the campaign. Similar public meetings will be held in Bangalore, Bijapur and Mysore.\"A similar meeting held recently in Gulbarga has evoked good response from public,\" Abdul Razzaq Kemar, state committee member said.The main goal of the campaign which is progressing across India is to explain aims and objectives of PFI to people as well as strive to address prevalent misconceptions against the organization by way of concerted misinformation campaign against it, Razzaq said here on Tuesday.In the state, PFI will hold five major public rallies at above mentioned places, he said, adding that preparatory meets and publicity drive have been held at various places in the district.KM Sharief, national general secretary, PFI, Illyas Mohammad Thumbe, state president will deliver the key-note address at the public meeting here. Syed Sarwar Chisti, Sajjada Nashin of Ajmer Sharif Dargah, Marasandra Muniyappa, state president, Bahujan Samajwadi Party, Usman Baig Rashadi, national president, All India Imam Council, Shahida Tasneem, national chairperson, National Women's Front, and others will take part in the convention.PFI is an organization that is standing up as a voice for the oppressed sections of society in general and Muslim community among such sections in particular,Razzaq said adding that PFI is taking up causes that aim at upholding rights of Muslims and empowering them at various levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17027849", "title": "High court pulls up agriculture department official in copra scam", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court expressed displeasure at the principal secretary to the government, agriculture department over an issue of formulating charges on the employees in the department.In its order, the court asked why the principal secretary, who is also the agricultural production commissioner, is driving the parties to the court, by formulating charges on the same issue relating to the procurement of copra that took place in the year 2000.On July 31, disciplinary action by way of formulation of charges under Section 17 (b) of the Tamil Nadu Civil Services (Discipline and Appeal) Rules was initiated against M Rajaram, P Murugesan and R Natrayan who were serving in the agriculture department.The charge against Rajaram was when he worked as the agricultural development officer in Periyakulam taluk in Theni district, he used photocopies of the identity cards in the name of a few persons, without verifying the ownership of land and copra yield without field inspection.In 2000, the Centre announced the procurement of copra from the coconut growers, since the market price and its allied products were priced very low at that time. The Theni Co-operative Salem Society was entrusted with making arrangements for procurement of copra from its member-farmers within the jurisdiction of that society. The farmers' identity cards must be attested by the officer of the agricultural department in that matter.On July 16, 2000, AIADMK supremo, J Jayalalithaa had alleged that the then ruling DMK had deprived coconut farmers of several crores out of the procurement price for copra and had demanded the Centre to institute an inquiry into the copra scam. Besides, she ordered a probe after she came to power in 2001.Aggrieved by the department's action, three separate writ petitions were filed before the Madurai bench and the same was heard by the Justice S Manikumar who passed a common order on them.In all the three writ petitions, the proceedings were challenged on the ground of inordinate delay in formulation of charges and on the grounds that when the government issued an order dated October 9, 2009, withdrawing prosecution against the procurement of copra issue, it would not be proper in initiating disciplinary action, after many years.In the order, the judge passed orders setting aside the disciplinary proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028709", "title": "Surplus milk powder for midday meal scheme", "text": "PUNE: The Union agriculture ministry has proposed to use milk powder in government schemes such as the midday meal scheme. This will not only generate business for the dairies, but also solve the problem of surplus milk availability and excess stock of milk powder.According the ministry's estimates, the current excess stock of milk powder in the country is 1.12 lakh tonne. The price in the international market ranges from Rs 130-150 per kg, while local dairies demand a minimum rate of Rs 185 per kg to cover costs. India has exported around 12,000 tonne of milk powder so far, but the quantity is negligible compared to the production.The agriculture ministry has also said that very few dairies produce milk products such as cheese, curd and ghee, which would have helped them utilise surplus milk. It said that there was a market for export of packaged milk, but dairies don't avail of the option.Commenting on the viability of the plan, a senior officer from the state dairy development department said, \"Milk supply has always remained a problem in the midday meal scheme. It is not widely used because of the scarcity of milk in rural areas and the short shelf life of milk. Milk powder may make things easier, but it may have slightly lower nutritional value than the fresh milk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17027296", "title": "No plant in our area, say locals of Dharbandora", "text": "PONDA: A day after the government directed the Industrial Waste Management Association of Goa to begin constructing the earmarked hazardous waste treatment facility at Dharbandora, the local panchayat body told TOI it will not permit the plant in the village.Locals, who have raised a hue and cry over the plant ever since it was proposed in 2008, have warned of resuming their agitation. On January 12, 2010, a mob of locals had forced workers clearing the site to stop the work and had restricted them from entering the area.Residents fear the plant will cause ecological damage. Panch Guru Gaonkar felt the plant would \"spoil\" the natural beauty of the village and would also affect the Opa water works plant, the Bondla wildlife sanctuary and the Bhagawan Mahavir sanctuary at Molem.Kalidas Mainekar, the panch from Tamsado where the plant is to come up, said the village has no industry and does not generate any hazardous waste, hence villagers will not allow waste from other areas to be disposed of in their village.\"If the site is used to construct a non-polluting plant or government offices, we have no objection. But when we do not generate such waste why should we accept other's waste?\" he asked.Another panch, Balaji Gawas alleged, \"The government is using double standards on us. On the one hand it has done nothing to generate employment, on the other it wants to impose harmful projects on us.\"Joseph D'Souza, president of the Industrial Waste Management Association of Goa, had said on Monday that the government is in the process of handing over the land to the association and once possession is given a detailed project report will be drawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027473", "title": "Interactive kiosk for cancer information", "text": "COIMBATORE: A computer kiosk was inaugurated at the Brookefields Mall on Tuesday by Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Oncology and Research. Dr P Guhan, director and chief oncologist of the institute said people will know more about the disease by having a quick glance at this machine.\"If cancer is detected at an early stage, there are higher chances of curing it. Such a facility will help one to know more about the disease without the fear of approaching a cancer screening centre,\" Dr Guhan said. Early detection of the disease can help prevent it from aggravating. As the stages progress, it becomes difficult to be cured. However, most of the cases reach the doctors only at an advanced stage, Dr Guhan added. Since October is the month of breast cancer , information about it has been uploaded presently. Information regarding other types of cancer will be uploaded shortly, Dr Guhan said.Though it is not possible to know how cancer occurred, in many cases it is possible to detect it at an early stage. Moreover, maintaining a healthy lifestyle and a balanced life will reduce the chances of being afflicted with the disease. Many studies have cited fatty foods and sedentary lifestyle as the major reason for the increased incidence of cancer these days. Substituting fast foods and oily eatables with properly cooked food and adequate exercise can take a long way to prevent the disease to a major extend, though it's not a surety. Moreover, with regular self-examinations and periodic check-ups this could be detected at an earlier stage itself.Moreover, those in the 'risk group' should undergo periodic check-ups to ascertain any symptoms of the disease. If family members have been afflicted with cancer or the person himself has been diagnosed before, they have to undergo regular check-ups to ascertain the presence of the disease.Dr Guhan said that they will study the reception of the machine in the city and if successful, more machines will be installed in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17027785", "title": "More departments under Sakala from Nov 2", "text": "Mangalore: An additional 116 services will be brought under the ambit of Sakala, the state government's ambitious project under the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act, from November 2. This will take the total number of services under the scheme to 267. The pilot project to launch these additional services will be inaugurated in four districts of the state including Dakshina Kannada, Dharwad, Chitradurga and Bidar.DC NS Channappa Gowda said the pilot project will be launched in Puttur taluk in Dakshina Kannada. Departments that are newly being included under Sakala include BBMP, animal husbandry, fisheries, KSPCB, archaeology, Kannada and Culture, information, public works, ports and inland waterways, internal administration, Slum Development Board, and departments of commerce and industries.In fact, Puttur, which was selected for the pilot launch of 151 services on March 1, will now be a part of the second pilot launch which will see the basket of services offered by departments swell to 267.In Dakshina Kannada, as on October 30, a total of 4,08,412 applications have been received under Sakala and 3,90,085 applications have been disposed off.KA Dayanand, additional deputy commissioner and nodal officer for implementation of Sakala in the district said all steps have been taken for the timely disposal of applications received under Sakala in Puttur taluk under the new pilot launch from November 2.\"The government is expected to take a call on bringing Mescom and the department of social welfare under the ambit of Sakala shortly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027808", "title": "Russia free to take legal recourse over Sistema row: India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Peeved over repeated raking up of the Sistema issue by Russian authorities, India said on Tuesday that Moscow was free to take legal recourse if it felt this could lead to a solution. While the issue is pending in the Supreme Court, which is looking at a curative petition filed by the Russians after the cancellation of licences, Russia believes that the Indian government has not taken enough initiative to resolve the issue.\"This is a commercial issue and while it is our hope and endeavour to solve issues amicably, anybody involved in such a dispute is free to take legal recourse if it feels that it can lead to a solution,'' said foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.This was shortly after Russian ambassador to India, Alexander Kadakin, threatened that Moscow will approach the International Court of Arbitration for solving the issue. He said Russia was upset with what had happened with Sistema. Russia's deputy PM Dmitry Rogozin had said the same thing when he visited India recently in the run up to India-Russia summit meeting.Russian President Vladimir Putin pulled out of the summit at the last moment leaving government officials here red-faced. Indian officials though managed to save themselves a major embarrassment by getting the Russian side to commit to another date for the meeting. The summit, which was scheduled to take place on November 1, will now be held on December 24.Sistema holds 56.68% stake in Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd (SSTL), whose 21 out of 22 licences were cancelled by the Supreme Court in February on the grounds that the 122 permits issued by the then telecom minister A Raja were \"arbitrary and unconstitutional\". Russian government holds 17.14% stake in SSTL. Russia had previously asserted it will not let Sistema's $3.1 billion investment in its Indian telecom venture go waste due to \"internal problems\" here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027481", "title": "Official dispute jeopardises water supply to villages", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) and the Rural Water Supply (RWS) departments are at loggerheads over water supply to over 1,000 villages in the neighbouring districts after a row erupted over water tariff.The HMWS&SB; has been insisting that the RWS department pay for water drawn above the allocated quantity as per tariff, however RWS officials stated that they cannot pay more than nominal charges. The Water Board had stopped bulk supplies to a few villages in Rangareddy district a couple of times in the past for not paying arrears and interest, but the supply was resorted by intervention of top officials.\"Since water drawn from HMWS&SB; is being used for drinking purposes by the people, the chief engineer of RWS recently wrote to the state government for waiver of arrears of around Rs 21 crore and also sought directions to the Board to not impose additional charges on RWS,\" RWS (Rangareddy district) superintending engineer B Jagadishwar Reddy, said.The Water Board supplies drinking water on a daily basis to nearly 1,000 villages in the surrounding areas of the state capital falling in Rangareddy, Medak, Mahabubnagar and Nalgonda districts. For instance, 267 villages in Rajendranagar, Shamshabad, Meerpet, Saroornagar, Hayatnagar and Ibrahimpatnam get water in bulk from Sahebnagar, Gungal, Autonagar, Uppal, Bhojagutta (Rajendranagar) and Singapore Township service reservoirs. HMWS&SB; charges Rs 10 per kilo litre (KL) for the allocated quantity. For every additional KL, the RWS department was asked to pay Rs 36 per KL.With regard to Rangareddy district, the allocated water to 267 villages is 15.78 million litres per day (MLD), whereas the RWS has been drawing 28.78 MLD. RWS officials claim they were drawing more water due to increase in population in the surrounding areas of the city. These water allocations were fixed back in 2000. For example, water allocation to Singapore Township is only 2.3 MLD, but the actual quantity drawn is more than 5.20 MLD.\"Our regular water charges are Rs 6.2 crore per annum. We have been paying the amount to the Water Board regularly. However, we have not paid penalties and interests as we are negotiating with the Water Board to waive off these additional charges,\" Jagadishwar Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028495", "title": "Youth crushed by bus; truck mows 5", "text": "LUCKNOW: A speeding truck crushed five persons in Muzaffarnagar on Monday night while a youth was killed on the spot after he was hit by a bus in Unnao district of Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday afternoon. Infuriated over the road accidents, locals staged protests against the police. Allegations were made that both accidents took place because district police had allowed heavy vehicles in no-entry zones after accepting bribe. Police had to use force to disperse the protesting locals.In Unnao, Pawan Kumar Yadav (22), resident of Abbaspur locality, riding a motorcycle was killed on the spot when he was hit by a speeding bus (UP 35 H 4163) near Patta Khera township. The victim's sister, who was riding pillion, too suffered severe injuries. The bus was owned by a private operator and was plying between Unnao and Safipur. tnnInfuriated over the incidents, the local first tried to nab the driver but he fled the scene leaving the bus. The frenzied mob damaged the bus with stones and torched it. Police resorted to several rounds of cane charge to disperse the mob but in vain. It was only after the police opened fire in the air that the mob dispersed. The police are now on the lookout for owner of the bus to identify the driver and arrest him.In Muzaffarnagar, a speeding truck (UP 12 H 4957) mowed down five pedestrians including a couple and their 10-year-old daughter near Jansath Railway crossing in Civil Lines police circle of the district around 10 pm on Monday.Locals alleged that the truck first knocked down a passerby and as they tried to stop the truck, the driver panicked and tried to speed away. In the process he killed four others. Later, he jumped off the truck and fled the scene. The deceased were later identified as Babloo (32) of Sikherda locality, Pankaj Sharma (35) of Laxman Vihar, Mukesh (35), his wife Kavita (30) and their daughter Nisha (10). The family were residents of Nai Mandi locality and all the deceased were from Muzaffarnagar.Agitated locals tried to torch the bus but were chased away by the police. An FIR was lodged with the local Civil Lines police station in connection with the accident and bodies of the five deceased were sent for post mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028202", "title": "'Give forester killed in tiger attack status of martyr'", "text": "JAIPUR: Stunned by the sudden death of assistant forester Gheesu Singh in a tiger attack on last Thursday, the Rajasthan Forest Subordinate Services Union has demanded status of martyr for all foresters who die on duty. The union has given a written memorandum to chief minister Ashok Gehlot and forest and tourism minister Bina Kak.Gheesu Singh was attacked by a tiger while he was on duty at the Ranthambore national park. The tiger, identified as T-24, pounced on him, caught him by the neck and dragged him away to a bush about 25 metres away. Reports suggest that Gheesu Singh was walking between two groups of labourers who had gone to the forest to repair a road. Singh died instantly.According to sources in the forest department, \"The union has demanded the status of martyr on the lines of policemen who are granted the status when they die on duty. Our services are equally fraught with danger. We have to often go into perilous terrains to protect forests and wildlife. In such a situation we must also be given the status of martyr if any of us gets killed on duty.\"Gheesu Singh was a resident of Amrapura village on the Samod Ki Balaji road in Chomu. He is survived by three sons, an aging father and a wife. \"I have been to his house and the family's condition is pathetic. Gheesu Singh was the only earning member in the family. His youngest son is paralyzed and terminally ill. His eldest son is pursuing graduation while the other is in class X. His father is 80 years old,\" said Rajpal Singh, member of state wildlife board.So far Gheesu Singh's family has been given Rs 20 lakh as a special measure by chief minister Ashok Gehlot and another Rs 4 lakh by forest department and the Ranthambore hotels association. Kak has also promised a government job for the next of kin of Gheesu Singh.In fact, the first voice for status of martyrdom was raised by DV Durrani of the Sariska Tiger Foundation. On the day of the attack Durrani demanded that the state call Gheesu Singh a martyr. \"Gheesu Singh was a dedicated and a committed person. Moreover, he was on duty when the tiger attacked him. In such a situation policemen are given the status of a martyr so why should foresters not be treated similarly. More often than not they are exposed to similar or even more dangerous situations,\" he said.The demand for martyr's status for Gheesu Singh, the first forester to be killed in such a manner, has been gaining ground since the past week. \"Even I will suggest to the state government as a member of the state wildlife board that in cases where an exemplary forester is killed on duty he should be given the status of a martyr and all such facilities that are given to a martyr should be granted to them as well,\" added Rajpal Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027547", "title": "No rest till MP turns No. 1: Vijayvargiya", "text": "INDORE: Aware that they have a daunting task-execution of all MoUs signed in the third Global Investors Summit--industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya on Tuesday said the journey has begun. \"We will sit only after making MP as No. one state of the country,\" stressed Vijaywargiya.Highlighting the transformation of the state from Bimaru to one of the fastest growing states in the country, Vijayvargiya said things have changed, of late. A decade ago, there were no roads and power in the state, today the state has emerged as one of the favourite investment destinations for the industries.\"When economies across geographies, including India registering negative or less growth, economy of MP is gaining strength. Our growth is way higher than the national average. Growth of 18.9% in agriculture sector is highest among all the states, much higher than the national average of 2.4%,\" said Vijayvargiya while addressing the investors at the valedictory function of GIS.Chambal, which was once infested with dacoits, will be known for the service-based city.The state government is going to develop industrial cluster and industrial corridor in the region and Subhash Chandra of Essel Group has promised to come up with the service sector-based city spread over 15,000 hectare. Over the years, the state has made an identity for itself as one of the fastest growing states of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17027629", "title": "Builders hit by ban on crushing", "text": "HUBLI: The festival season has failed to cheer builders in Hubli-Dharwad as all construction and development activities, both in the public and private sectors, have slowed down after the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) slapped closure notices on crusher units in the state following a Supreme Court directive.Of the 3,700 units across the state, about 100 are in the district. Stone crushers have stopped working since September 22. Subsequently, the construction industry stopped its activities a week late,r when the stock got over.According to the SC order, stone crushers should function only in the safe zones identified by the respective state governments. The ban has come as big blow to the builders and people who are constructing as they are now shelling out huge amount of money for jelly stone which is one of main ingrediants to construct the buildings.Prior to ban, price of one tonne of jelly was Rs 775 but now prices have shot up to Rs 1,500 per tonne. Following the SC order, KSPCB should identify safe zones in different taluks of the district. Suresh Kiresur, president of Association of Consulting Civil Engineers, Hubli, said many people including builders who are constructing buildings are today purchasing jelly stone by paying double the price. There is a possibility that the existing stock of jelly stone will be exhausted in 15-20 days, bringing construction activities to a standstill.Dharwad district environment officer Vijayakumar Kadakbhavi said: \"As of now, we have identified two safer zones for stone crusher units in Dharwad district. Once the crusher owners shift to the identified safer zone they will get permission for functioning.\" Permission will be given to stone crusher owners to start production once they shift to safe zones within six months, he added.Surendra Kulkarni from Mayuri extenstion in Hubli who is constructing a two-storey building, said, \"We are finding it difficult to get jelly since there is a huge shortage in the market. Though we are willing to pay more amount of money, there is no availability,\" he added.PLAYING IT SAFETwo safe zones for stone crushing have been identified in Dharwad district. One is Emmatti in Kalghatgi taluk and another one is Bommasamudra in Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026810", "title": "Fake cop plaint: Duo held", "text": "Borivli police have rounded up two suspects from Bhiwandi on Tuesday following complaints about conmen posing as cops in the area. Officials said that the duo is being questioned. and formal charges haven't been pressed yet. The suspects are Bhiwandi residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17028951", "title": "HIV+ve bodybuilder battles funds crunch", "text": "IMPHAL: HIV positive bodybuilder and 'Mr Manipur' Khundrakpam Pradeep Kumar, who is participating in the 'Mr Asia' and 'Mr World' competitions in November and December, is finding it difficult to have a proper nutritional diet owing to acute financial crisis.Pradip, who is undergoing Anti-Retroviral Therapy (Art), is competing at the eighth Senior Mr Asia championship in Ludhiana in the first week of November. The next month, he will take part in the 4th Mr World Championship in Bangkok .A resident of Khamnam Leirak in Imphal West, Pradip (43) disclosed his health status to the media a few days after bagging the 60-kg category senior 'Mr Manipur' title in a state-level competition held here in December, 2007. Pradip, a brand ambassador of Manipur Aids Control Society (Macs), later bagged silver and bronze medals in different national competitions and stood eighth in the 'Mr World' competition.Manipur is one of the six high HIV/AIDS prevalence states of the country. According to Macs, the state has 38,016 people infected with HIV, including 10,109 women and 2,578 children. Pradip, who has emerged as an icon of inspiration to the world, spends around Rs 40,000 in procuring foreign nutritional diet every month.\"Macs, which used to pay Rs 8,000 a month for my nutritional support, has stopped extending the amount since June this year,\" Pradip informed TOI on Monday.\"The state government which had promised to appoint me as a regular employee in the youth affairs and sports department in 2009 also failed to do anything about it. This was another major setback,\" said Pradip. A group of HIV positive widows of the state launched a charity campaign to collect money for him after they came to know about his financial condition. They are providing me monetary help and I am very thankful to them, he said.Recently, a social organization donated Rs 1.5 lakh to the bodybuilder for his cause, he said.\"Since I do not have money, I am not in a position to procure the standard nutritional diet. But I am ready to fight all odds and I will manage to make it through. I will continue with my rigorous practice and give my best at both the competitions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17028166", "title": "14,000 more homes to get Cauvery water from today", "text": "BANGALORE: Nearly 14,000 houses in Bangalore's Yelahanka, Byatarayanapura, Mahadevapura and Electronics City areas will wake up to Cauvery water on Wednesday morning.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will inaugurate the Cauvery phase II, stage IV project at the Jambu Savari Dinne reservoir site on the morrow, bringing to fruition a three-year wait for potable water.Some 28,000 houses had applied for the Cauvery water connection. The Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) plans to increase the number of connections in a phased manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17027724", "title": "Times Scholars: Patna boy makes it to Top 100", "text": "PATNA: Shy and soft-spoken Anupam Singh will cut his 18th birthday cake on December 3 this year. However, it's party time for his family and friends right now as the DAV-BSEB Colony student has made it to the country's top 100 brightest brains who are now only one stage away from winning the prized Times scholarship.'Times Scholars' is an initiative by The Times of India to recognize and reward the brightest young minds, 45,000 of whom applied for the scholarship this year. The final round for the Top 100 - 105, to be precise - is slated for November 3 in Delhi.The twelfth grader's dad Prem Kumar Singh is divisional manager in Oriental Insurance Company and mom Renu Singh a lawyer. The Singhs hail from Soan village near Dumraon in Buxar district, 100km from Patna. Though elated, they are not taking congratulatory calls. \"We will party only if I win the Rs 5-lakh scholarship to be given to the select 20 after the final round for which I am busy preparing hard,\" Anupam says smilingly and adds he is a gadget freak and wishes to buy PlayStation 3 if he wins while the remainder will be deposited in his bank account.Football, English fictions and sketches too fascinate the Science student and his favourite pastime is scribbling cartoon characters and unknown faces on paper. \"All his skills are innate and he has been proving his mettle since he was a child,\" says his proud mom.While the lawyer attributes her son's success to his hard work and ability to grasp things soon, the Oriental officer thinks his wife has been like a powerhouse for their son and always supported him in his pursuits.An IIT aspirant, Anupam's ambition includes doing BTech in mechanical engineering and then business management.Not that he has been under parental pressure to perform well in his academics. \"We just want to see him as a good human being excelling in every walk of life,\" they almost chorused.Quiet Anupam's younger brother Anurag, who wants to follow in the sibling's footsteps, reveals the actual Anupam is extremely fun loving. \"Bhaiyya is my best pal,\" said the eighth grader who studies in the same school as his \"bright brother\".Anupam did not do any special preparation for the scholarship test apart from \"my usual studies for IITJEE\". \"I just made it a point that I am thorough with NCERT books. Also, I regularly read newspapers - as usual,\" he says.A recipient of prestigious KVYP (Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana) award, Anupam has also cleared the National Talent Search Examination. Before coming to Patna following his father's transfer to the Bihar capital, he was schooled in Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in Baroda, St Xavier's in Bokaro and Delhi Public School in Ranchi. \"Anupam joined DAV only in May this year, just before the first semester exam. Yet, he ranked third in the class,\" an audibly proud Madhumita Singh, Anupam's class teacher, told TOI over phone.After the final round of Times Scholars in Delhi, a science camp at the Indian Institute of Science-Bangalore is what beckons Anupam. \"All the KVYP award recipients will gather at the camp for an exposure to pure science and its scope,\" he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17028724", "title": "Fisherfolks to be roped in for Ridley conservation", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Alarmed over increasing deaths of Olive Ridley turtles, forest authorities are trying to spread awareness among fishermen to ensure safety of the endangered marine species ahead of their nesting along Ganjam coast.Awareness among marine fishermen is necessary as most of the deaths are caused by plying of fishing trawlers, experts said. \"We urged them to refrain from illegal fishing in the sea,\" said S S Mishra, divisional forest officer, Berhampur.Every year, lakhs of Olive Ridleys visit Gokharkuda-Purunabandh area near River Rushikulya for mass nesting. Over one lakh marine species visited the site in 2011-12. Olive Ridleys also visit Gahiramatha beach in Kendrapada district and the mouth of River Devi in Puri district.Official sources said while 127 turtles were found dead along the Ganjam coast in 2011-12, 108 and 90 deaths were recorded in 2010-11 and 2009-10, respectively. Unofficial sources, however, give higher numbers of deaths.Since most of the deaths were reported from bordering areas of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh , forest officials have decided to screen documentaries in these parts from the first week of November, said Mishra. Surveillance measures will be taken in the coastal areas jointly by the forest and the fisheries and animal resources development departments to check illegal fishing by mechanized boats and trawlers, he added.The government imposes a seven-month ban on fishing along the 170-km coastal region from November 1 to May 31 to protect the turtles. Notification in this regard is likely to be issued by the department of fisheries and animal resources development on Wednesday, a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17028797", "title": "Jumbos wreak havoc on villages", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Farmers of Kolabira block of Jharsuguda district, Rengali and Maneswar blocks of Sambalpur district and Ambabono and Bhatli blocks of Bargarh district are spending sleepless nights because of the jumbo menace.\"It has become a regular problem for us as wild elephants come every year during the harvest season and destroy our standing crops. We have taken several steps to drive them away but failed as they come in herds,\" said a villager in Kolabira.Sources said as Ambabhona and Bhatli blocks are abutting Barapahad forest, wild tuskers very often stray into the villages in search of food. \"We have approached forest officials on several occasions for a permanent solution to the problem but in vain,\" Balaram Pradhan, villagers of Ambabhona, said.According to him, a herd of around 25 elephants is roaming the region. Elephants are migrating from Chhattisgarh as the region is close to the inter-state boundary. Meanwhile, a herd of 13 elephants, which wreaked havoc on Gudesingha village of Sambalpur district, has moved to Padiabahal area after villagers drove them away with the help of forest and police officials. The villagers alleged that the pachyderms have laid to waste huge areas of paddy crops. \"We rush to the spot whenever we get any information from the villagers. But since they are wild animals we cannot keep them confined to one place,\" DFO (northern range, Sambalpur) R K Sahu said.According to him a survey is made to assess the crop damage caused by the elephants to provide compensation to the affected farmers. He, however, said elephant depredation is on the rise due to depletion of forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17027198", "title": "Central Pollution Control Board unveils plans to reduce pollution levels", "text": "NOIDA: The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has given Noida Authority the responsibility to implement a proper municipal solid waste management system in a time-bound manner as a priority measure to reduce pollution levels in the city.Through an action plan devised by it, the CPCB has also expressed the need for Noida-based industries to switch over to cleaner fuels like CNG to reduce environmental pollution in the city.The action plan, devised after consultations with various stakeholders including the Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) and the UP State Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC), was submitted by the board to the National Green Tribunal on Tuesday. The consultative meeting was convened by CPCB upon directions passed by the green tribunal during the hearing of a case filed by a Noida-resident, Sanjay Agnihotri, alleging increasing environmental pollution in the city.In an earlier report submitted to the green tribunal by the Union environment ministry, the Noida Authority had been criticized for failing to apprise the UPPCB since 2009 over progress made on its proposed solid waste disposal system.CPCB officials informed that the action plan stresses upon the need to reduce taxes imposed on CNG in Uttar Pradesh in order to bring the rates at par with that of Delhi which would in turn encourage more industries to switch over to cleaner fuel technologies. \"Besides the need to supply uninterrupted power to industries has also been stressed upon so that dependence on pollution-causing diesel-run generators is minimized,\" said a CPCB official.The action plan has envisaged upon the implementation of a better traffic management system in the city within a set timeframe so that pollution caused by running engines of vehicles caught in jams is avoided. \"The traffic department has been given the responsibility to prohibit the plying of heavy vehicles within the city during daytime,\" added the official.The action plan has fixed the responsibility on the regional transport authority to ensure that vehicles plying in the district have proper pollution control certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030566", "title": "Hi Vaat Jeevanachi", "text": "CreditsFilm: Hi Vaat JeevanachiCast: Alka Kubal, Dr. Vilas Ujawne, Pooja Nayak etcDirector: Harbans SidhuGenre: DramaRelease Date: 2nd NovemberPreview : The movie is an emotional drama which basically revolves around an old couple. The couple lost their son in an accident. They meet a girl who's trying to commit suicide and the story unfolds after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "belgaum ", "code": "17028136", "title": "Cong workers abuse Belgaum addl DC", "text": "BELGAUM : Hundreds of Congress workers from Belgaum Rural stormed into the deputy commissioner'sofficeon Tuesday , dragged the additional DC out of his cubicle and heaped abuses on him . They were miffed at the delay in receiving their memorandum .Theworkerswereledby the party's rural unit president Laxmi Hebbalkar . The party was demanding a white paper on the utilization of central funds for various schemes . The workers had arrived at the DC's office in a rally from Rani Channamma Circle and were waiting for an appointment with the administrator .After waiting for almost fifteen minutes , workers turned impatient andtookthelawinto their hands by entering the DC's office after pushing aside police personnel .In deputy commissioner Anbu Kumar's absence , additional DC VS Chougala was handling the grievances . The agitated workers accused the district officials of being BJP government's stooges .Chougala said the delay was caused by the rush in his office and denied any party bias in his action . He said : \"In my 30 years as an administrator under governments of many hues, not once have I shown any bias . It is not my nature .\"Party leader LaxmiHebbalkar attributed the incident to \"impatient crowd\" . \"I apologized to the additional DC later ,\" she added .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028321", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSandy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 gets people praying for kin", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hurricane Sandy, which slammed the US coastline and caused several casualties and loss to property, has triggered panic among UT residents whose near and dear ones stay in the area, especially New York. As the fury of nature gained its momentum, people have been left with no choice but to pray for safety of their kin abroad.\"My brother works as a chef in central Jersey. I am worried for him. I visit the temple every morning and offer prayers to the almighty,\" said Ramesh Rana, a chef at Lyons.For Rohit Walia, a resident: \"My son and his family have moved to a safer place to the city of Texas. Communication was very difficult as their phone numbers were inaccessible, and electricity supply has been suspended since Monday morning morning.\"Indians are scattered all over the US, engaged in varied professions and the past few days have been very difficult for their families living in India. \"My brother is in New Jersey and has been working for an MNC for five years. I am trying to get in touch with him for two days but with no success. His Facebook profile has not been accessed either, and Skype calls don't go through due to bad connectivity. I hope everything is fine and all I do now is pray for his wellbeing,\" said Neeru Sharma, a resident of Phase XI, Mohali. Meena Kumari of Sector 11 said: \"My husband is away to south of Jersey for a presentation. He works for a dental machinery company. I know he would be fine. I shall fast for his long life on Karva Chauth.\"With their gaze fixed on TV screens for news updates, local residents are spending sleepless nights and restless days. For the Prashar family in Sector 47, whose son Bhrigu Prashar resides at Long Island, New York, not a moment has passed since Monday morning that hasn't gone in calling him up.With their gaze fixed on TV screens for news updates on Hurricane Sandy, Tricity residents are spending sleepless nights and restless days. Bhrigu Prashar resides at Long Island, New York, and his family in Sector 47 has been calling him regularly since Monday morning.His younger brother Pancham Prashar said, \"The hurricane had not reached the place where he stays when I first called him on Monday. Since then, our parents have maintained a regular contact with him. The area is at a small distance away from the coast but calls aren't getting through since today evening. Bhrigu has spent seven-eight years in New York and is working as a marketing consultant with a media firm.\"Anuradha Dua's son Anuraj has been stuck in the storm in New Jersey. There is no power and even the backup batteries have expired. Due to no communication, Dua family is depending solely on news channels for updates on the situation there.\"Anuraj lives on the third floor of his three-storey apartment in New Jersey. The first two floors were evacuated but I have no idea is he's still there or not. His cellphone and laptop do not work any more due to low battery. I couldn't sleep all night. He left us a text message at 10am and at 3.30pm saying that all was okay,\" Anuradha said.Anuraj told his parents that he had stocked up enough food which would last him for five-six days. However, his mother said: \"What scares me is that his apartment is very close to the sea and I am unable to speak to him. News channels say that the entire area has been badly affected. All I do is pray for my son's safety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028178", "title": "Medicos in state to get penny-wise", "text": "CHENNAI: Medicos in state to get penny-wiseThe academic board of the state medical university has suggested these topics be discussed as part of the twomonth foundation course prescribed by the Medical Council of India and during internship. It has asked colleges to conduct tests and allot marks for these subjects in the internal assessment.Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said the university had revamped the MBBS syllabus this year. \"We have been receiving complaints that the syllabus is very heavy. We removed 15% of the portions we thought were needless for undergraduate students and included emerging and communicable diseases. While doing this, we thought it was important for students to know about the cost of treatment and impact of medical bills on patients. In fact, we are consulting insurance companies to know what they think doctors should know,\" academic officer Dr Radhika said.The academic board felt medicos are increasingly becoming less informed about costs of tests they order for patients. During their course, students learn to prescribe tests and treatment based on their knowledge and scientific evidence but they hardly discuss cost with professors during classes or ward visits.University officials also found hospitals had different tariffs for patients with health insurance. Companies like Star Health and Allied Insurance have found hospitals doing needless surgeries such as hysterectomies in young women. Many insurance firms agree it is time for doctors to learn about how costs of premium go up each time the patients exhaust their claims. Star Health chairman and managing director V Jagannathan said, \"It is good idea to teach students about what insurance covers and what it does not.\" New India Assurance director G Srinivasan added: \"This would go a long way in better hospital administration. With rising medical inflation, insurance has become necessary for everyone but there is a lack of awareness on health insurance and that leads to problems.\"Medicos will be taught national health priorities and policies, universal vaccinations, ethics, patient safety, including cost of treatment, healthcare financing, language and interpersonal skills and use of information technology in healthcare services, Dr Radhika said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026782", "title": "Youth falls off train, dies", "text": "A youth lost his life over two hours after he fell off an overcrowded WR local near Vasai recently. Witnesses said the victim's limbs were badly crushed due to the impact. The incident took place last Friday. The unidentified victim was in his early twenties.Witnesses said he fell off a crowded compartment after losing his grip. The Vasai Government Railway Police (GRP) was summoned.The station master sent the bleeding victim to a private hospital in Vasai. But it wasn't adequately equipped. The victim was sent to Bhagwati Hospital at Borivali an hour-and-half later. He died on the national highway before he could reach the Bhagwati Hospital. A case of accidental death was registered by the GRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026349", "title": "Dengue losing sting in Mumbai, state still reeling", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic officials said dengue cases in Mumbai are on the decline with the numbers falling from 55 in the third week of October to 45 the following week. The rest of the state, however, is a study in contrast. The government on Tuesday announced a slew of measures to check the spread of dengue in the rest of Maharashtra. At 38, this year's dengue toll is the highest since 2006 when the viral infection claimed 26 lives in the state.In Mumbai, civic health officials recorded 243 cases and four deaths due to dengue in October. The fourth victim was filmmaker Yash Chopra who died on October 21 due to complications such as pneumonia after a dengue infection. \"The dengue graph is showing a decline after our interventions,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar.Apart from routine surveillance in slums and building construction sites, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has been inspecting workplaces and elite residential complexes for dengue mosquitoes since last fortnight. \"We have already checked over 400 commercial complexes that have more than 100 people working while our licence department has started checking smaller offices,'' added Mhaiskar.The October-November months are supposed to be the worst as far as dengue infections are concerned, said health officials. Meanwhile, alarmed by the spurt in dengue deaths and cases deaths as well as the growing incidence of the diseasein the state, the public health department has decided to rope in district collectors to address the issue. In a high-level meeting held in Mantralaya on Tuesday, it was decided that the district collector's office will be appointed as a nodal agency to monitor effective implementation of preventive measures that need to be taken to control dengue. \"Collectors will call meetings of all authorities concerned to deal with the issue in hisher jurisdiction. It is the collector who will and monitor the measures taken to check the spread of dengue in their jurisdiction,\" said public health minister Suresh Shetty.The state government has also decided to increase fogging in the affected areas and concentrate on creating awareness among the citizens outside Mumbai. The meeting was chaired by public health minister Suresh Shetty and attended by health secretary T C Benjamin as well as senior health officials.\"The health department will write to chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia, asking him to issue necessary instructions to all district collectors,\" health secretary T C Benjamin said. Public health minister Suresh Shetty said another review meeting will be held next week.City in OctoberDENGUE BOXTOTAL4th week - 453rd week - 552nd week - 751st week - 68 THE REST OF MAHARASHTRA in 2012---- 243Cases so far --- 1086Deaths so far - 38", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026404", "title": "Body in bag: Victim's son sent to shelter home", "text": "MUMBAI: The murder of Roshni Thakre (27), whose body was found in a trolley bag at CST last month, and the incarceration of her partner, Pravin (29), for the offence has jeopardized their son's future.According to cops, parents of the couple, who were not married, do not want to take care of the boy.The child (5) has been sent to a shelter in Pune. On September 26, Roshni's body was found in a bag at CST. CCTV footage showed that two men had brought the bag on Sinhagad Express. A tip-off led the police to Pravin's apartment. He admitted to throttling Roshni as she had caught him with another woman and it had led to fights between the couple. Pravin roped in a friend, Amol Karunjule (19), to dispose of the body. On October 13, Pravin and Amol were nabbed on murder charges. \"The couple's parents live in Amravati. The two had eloped in 2002 and were living together for the last ten years in Chikhli,\" said senior inspector Surendra Deshmukh, CST GRP, where Pravin worked as a painter\"The parents were against the match and that they were living together without marriage had irked them. We spoke to the parents, but they refused to take up the responsibility,\" he added.Despite having an extended family, the boy now faces an uncertain future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028669", "title": "Narcotics worth Rs 1.55 cr destroyed", "text": "PUNE: Seized contraband worth Rs 1.55 crore was destroyed in the presence of senior police officers and officials at Wadachi Wadi, about 15 km from here on Tuesday.The district committee for narcotics disposal destroyed around 2,589 kg of marijuana, 1.5 kg of brown sugar and 4.9 kg of charas on Tuesday. Additional police superintendent of CID, Pune, B T Ambegaonkar, assistant chemical analyzer Jitendra Jawale of forensic sciences laboratory, and V P Ingale from pollution control board were also present. The committee is headed by joint commissioner of Pune police, Sanjeev Kumar Singhal. The contraband had been seized between 2002 and 2012 by the city police, Pune rural police and the Government railway police in separate actions.This was the biggest action since April this year when marijuana weighing 450 kg was destroyed, said inspector of the anti-narcotics cell of the Pune crime branch, Sunil Tambe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028672", "title": "Cops give evidence on Bhatkal's role", "text": "PUNE: The evidence given by two police officials on Tuesday revealed how the name of Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Yasin Bhatkal came to be associated with the blast in German bakery on February 13, 2010 which killed 17 people and injured 64.The lone conspirator, Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig of Udgir in Latur, is facing trial in the case. The prosecution has examined 102 witnesses so far.When questioned by special public prosecutor Raja Thakare, senior inspector of Kondhwa police station Prasad Hasabnis told the court that he was posted at the control room (administration) on the day of the blast. His superiors later asked him and two other officials to analyse footages of CCTVs installed at the bakery counter and 'O' Hotel for identifying suspects and witnesses. Without naming Bhatkal, Hasabnis said that after viewing the CCTV footage a number of times, he zeroed in on a man who was sporting a cap and had walked into the bakery with two bags, but left with just one. Hasabnis said the suspect had walked into the bakery by crossing the North Main road at 4.46 pm. He stood at the counter for three-and-a-half minutes and left 20 minutes later.Hasabnis said he had recorded statements of three witnesses (names withheld) as the suspect was seen following them in the bakery. The suspect was identified by the police officer when a CD of the CCTV footage was played on a laptop.Hasabnis, in his cross examination by senior lawyer A Rehman and his junior Kainat Shaikh, admitted that his statement was recorded by the ATS on October 2, 2010, which is 10 months after the blast. He agreed to the suggestion given by the defence that his statement did not read that the suspect was carrying two bags.ATS inspector Dinesh Kadam, who was examined by the prosecution, said that the man caught in the CCTV footage was Bhatkal. Kadam said that his informants and the suspect's younger brother Abdul Samad Mohammad Zarar Sidibappa, who was arrested by the ATS in Mangalore, had also confirmed that the man seen in the CCTV footage was indeed Yasin Bhatkal.Kadam also identified Bhatkal's photograph that appeared in a leading Marathi newspaper, but he denied the newspaper report that Samad was arrested in the bakery blast case.Bhatkal had allegedly supplied explosives to IM operative Qateel Siddiqui for planting it near Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati on the same day. Siddiqui was killed by fellow inmates at Yerawada central jail recently.Bhatkal had also arranged for Siddiqui's accommodation in Pune two days before the bakery blast, said Kadam referring to the interrogation of Siddiqui at Delhi before he was brought to Pune. The ATS had later arrested Siddiqui and booked IM operatives Yasin Bhatkal, Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal, Kadam added.Kadam said that after arrest, Baig showed them the shops from where he purchased the cell phone and haversacks used in the bakery blast. Kadam's cross examination has been deferred till November 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027530", "title": "Democracy derided? Assembly dissembled?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The present legislative assembly has met for the least number of days ever since the formation of Gujarat. The assembly conducted business for only 150 days in the five-year tenure since 2007 - this comes to an average 30 sittings a year.BJP leaders say that on an average the budget session of the assembly is being conducted for 25-28 days and the monsoon season, which is mandatory, lasts only for a couple of days.Officials in the Vidhan Sabha say average number of sittings per year was around 60 in the initial years. But since 1990, the number of sittings has decreased to 40. It was more evident ever since BJP came to power in the state. Even during the Keshubhai Patel rule, there were only 30 sittings in a year.The opposition Congress too regularly raises the issue whenever the budget session begins.Leader of opposition in the state legislative assembly Shaktisinh Gohil said the BJP and chief minister Narendra Modi were acting against the interests of democracy. \"Gujarat was known for best parliamentary practices. But during the BJP rule, these practices were not followed. Earlier the house met for budget, monsoon and winter sessions, but the government has held assembly sessions for bare minimum days,\" said Gohil.He said that never in the history the leader of opposition was suspended for the entire session. Recently, Gohil was suspended for the entire budget session during the 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026638", "title": "Civic chief slams NMC office over stagnant water", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane on Tuesday came down heavily on Lakadganj zone officials after he found stagnant water in at least four air cooler tanks, which are an ideal place for mosquito breeding, on the terrace of the NMC office.Wardhane paid a surprise visit to the Lakadganj office on Tuesday and during his inspection he also went to the terrace of the building. \"I was shocked to see water accumulated in the air cooler tanks,\" he told TOI. He lamented that even as the civic body is appealing to citizens to observe dry day once every a week, it is ignoring its own premises.He said that office premises are susceptible to becoming dengue hot spots as they usually have ornamental plants, fountains, air-conditioner ducts and so on, which can easily turn into mosquito breeding sites if accumulated water is not cleaned often.Sources said that the civic chief asked NMC employees to keep in mind that the city has witnessed a spurt in dengue cases recently. Out of the 41 confirmed cases reported in the city, two patients have died. Despite awareness lectures, seminars and distribution of pamphlets on dengue awareness, the health department has failed to quell the mosquito menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028199", "title": "Rajasthanis safe in storm-hit US", "text": "JAIPUR: As tropical storm Sandy wreaks havoc in the US, Jaipur-based families who have their relatives living in that country are scared and worried for the safety of their dear ones. Rajasthan Association of North America's (RANA) media coordinator Prem Bhandari said there is no report of harm to any person from Rajasthan so far. However, there were some report of damage to some houses, he said.Bhandari who lives in Long Island, situated in the southeast of New York , said chief minister Ashok Gehlot called the RANA's founding member Arvind Bhandari and enquired about the safety of Rajasthan residents living in the US.\"Former chief minister Vashundhar Raje, International Court of Justice's member Dalveer Bhandari, UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal and several senior administration and police officers from Rajasthan called me and expressed concern,\" Bhandari said. He informed that there are about 400 Rajasthani families living in Long Island alone. There is scare, but no harm has come to any Rajasthani resident.He said Monday night had been quite scary for the residents. \"A tree had fallen on my house too,\" Bhandari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027707", "title": "HC asks AICTE, DTE to furnish info on management course approval", "text": "INDORE: The double bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Tuesday sought explanation from All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and directorate of technical education (DTE) clarifying their stand on introducing MBA curriculum in SGSITS. The bodies have been given a week's time to furnish necessary documents explaining their position. Interestingly, AICTE claims that it did not approve the course while the DTE said that the course was given AICTE approval.The bench was hearing a case filed by the students who had appeared for the Madhya Pradesh management entrance test ( MPMET) and were given admission to the MBA course in the institution. They later came to know that AICTE did not approve the course at SGSITS. The bench, while hearing the case, asked the AICTE to furnish documents that proves that it had not given approval to DTE to run the management course.DTE officials in their statement have alleged that the AICTE had given approval for 60 seats on behalf of which students were admitted. The court has also asked the DTE to submit the disapproval letter for the course given by the AICTE.Meanwhile, advocate Vivek Patwa, on behalf of students, requested the court to reschedule counselling for the students who have suffered losses due to the discrepancies. He has asked the court to allot them the seat in institutes of similar ranks.The students had opted out of other colleges to get admission in SGSITS. A total of 45 students opted for SGSITS for management course. Six to seven students have surrendered their seats while others moved court. One of the petitioners, Vikas Yadav, said, \"I left two other colleges just to get admission into SGSITS as it is among the top institutions in the region. The problems of the two departments have brought troubles for students.\"The next hearing is scheduled on November 8 where the officials of both the departments are likely to submit their statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028381", "title": "Miffed Kataria swaps defence for rural development", "text": "JAIPUR: In a reshuffle of portfolios, Union minister of state Lal Chand Kataria, reportedly sulking over work allocation in defence ministry to him, was shifted to rural development department soon after he met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and sought a change in his portfolio. The controversy over the defence portfolio following the Union cabinet reshuffle on Sunday has highlighted the Congress leadership's slip in settling for Jaipur rural constituency MP Lal Chand Kataria to represent the Rajasthan's politically powerful Jat community at the Centre.Back home Kataria's name raised many eyebrows the moment it became known that he toppled the community's heavyweights to be become a minister. The community was peeved with the party's choice of its representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026561", "title": "PIL seeks free dengue treatment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A PIL filed in the Delhi high court has sought free and comprehensive treatment of dengue patients admitted across various hospitals in the capital.Expected to be taken up by the Chief Justice's bench on Wednesday, the PIL further urges HC to set up an independent committee to monitor implementation of long term action plan to combat the mosquito menace. Citing widespread media reports on the increasing number of dengue cases, the PIL accuses the authorities, including the health ministry, of failing to act in time to prevent a dengue outbreak and claims the they wake up only after there is an acute shortage of blood and medicines in the hospitals.Asking the court to intervene and demand a list of steps taken till now by the Delhi government, the municipal corporations, the New Delhi Municipal Council and the health department, the PIL has sought direction to the authorities to ensure that until they bring dengue in check, patients are given free treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026734", "title": "Drunk driving case: Man told to do community service", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man, who was sentenced to 20 days in jail by a magisterial court for driving his motorcycle in an inebriated state, has been let off on probation by a sessions court with a direction that he will do community service at a temple once a week for two months.Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat asked West Delhi resident Salik Ram Sharma to do the service, setting aside the jail term given to him by a magisterial court.\"The appellant (Sharma) is a married person having four minor children to look after and is the only bread earner of his family. Hence, imprisonment at this stage would put an indelible blot on his reputation as carpenter and would seriously affect the upbringing of his four minor children. It would be difficult for the appellant to find work and earn his livelihood,\" the ASJ said.The court released 33-year-old Salik Ram Sharma on probation and asked him to perform community service at Sai Baba Mandir at Najafgarh Road here every Thursday for two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028552", "title": "SP must take lessonfrom my govt: Maya", "text": "LUCKNOW: Describing the rise in communal violence in the state as alarming, former chief minister and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) president Mayawati on Tuesday said Akhilesh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party (SP) government in Uttar Pradesh has failed on all fronts.In a statement after her return from the poll campaign in Himachal Pradesh , the BSP chief said that goons were ruling the state and people, even police force, were living under fear. \"It is a matter of great concern that the people are unsafe and the law and order situation in the state is worsening by each passing day,\" she said.Mayawati said that during her regime not a single riot took place. Even the 'tense period' after Ayodhya judgment on Babri mosque-Ram Janambhoomi title suit was peaceful but in first seven months SP rule, communal clashes have become the order of the day. She asked the SP government to take a lesson from her government and control the situation and give relief to the common people.\"Mathura, Bareilly, Pratapgarh and now Faizabad -- communal violence is getting from bad to worse and curfew has been imposed for a long period in many parts of the state,\" she said. She also described Akhilesh Yadav as \"ghoshna mukhya mantri (announcement chief minister)\" and said that while the state was faced with serious challenges, he was busy making tall claims and hollow announcements.The BSP chief said that communal tension in different parts of the state had not only resulted in loss of life and property but also harmed amity and brotherhood in society which was very unfortunate and a matter of grave concern. She said that crime control and law and order had been bad ever since SP came to power but now it was a complete jungle and mafia raj in the state and the government appeared to be totally inadequate to deal with it.Referring to clashes in Mathura, Bareilly, Pratapgarh and Faizabad in the recent past, she said, since these places were very sensitive, strict measures should have been in place in these districts. \"But it is most unfortunate that the government remained passive and lax on such sensitive issues and instead remained busy in making tall claims and promises,\" she said.On Monday, while responding to criticism on deterioration in law and order in the state and rise in communal violence during his seven months rule so far, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had claimed that that recent communal clashes in the state were a conspiracy against his government. Referring to the communal violence in Faizabad, Yadav had said that the first priority of his government was to bring back normality. Thereafter, he added, the government will expose the faces behind the 'conspiracy' to vitiate communal atmosphere of the state. He also assured that strict action would be taken against those responsible for violence. When asked who were conspiring against his government, Yadav had said that everyone knew about them but he would disclose their identity at an appropriate time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17028310", "title": "Centre okays 2 projects for Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Two projects of UP Tourism had been okayed by the Central government. The city will get rid of the low quality and misspelled place identification signboards as the proposals for the new sign boards containing information about distance, places, important historical places, temples and heritage sites will be constructed at Garwa ghat.The Destination Development Scheme in Varanasi has got the nod from Central government and a fund of Rs 389.35 lakh had been sanctioned by Union ministry of tourism recently.UP Tourism deputy director Avinash Mishra said that as many as 195 signboards will be installed at various places in the city.Under it, t, 5 'three posts' (both sided), 5 'two posts' (both sided), 10 (two posts single sided), 20 cantilevers (both sided), 15 cantilevers (single sided) and 140 place identification boards will be installed in different areas of the city. \"The quality of these sign boards will be much better than the present ones. Based on iron sheets, the diamond cut signboards will be visible and readable from long distance,\" Mishra added.Apart from that, the ministry of tourism has sanctioned Rs 4 crore for construction of Garhwa ghat. Hundreds of devotees visit this ghat during Guru Purnima. It was in need of renovation since long.No funds to invite classical artistes for Ganga Mahotsav:UP Tourism lacks funds to invite celebrated classical artistes in the Ganga Mahotsav, which is soon going to be held on the banks of the river in Varanasi in November.Around Rs 12 lakh has been collected from private players for holding the festival while Rs 1 lakh has been sanctioned by UP Tourism for the event.\"If we invite classical artists of national and international fame, around Rs 8 lakh is required which is beyond our estimated budget for the festival,\" UP Tourism deputy director Avinash Mishra said.Ganga Mahotsav will be held from November 24 to November 27.A Gandhi shilp mela will also be held from November 25 to December 5 at Urban Haat, Sanskritik Sankul (cultural complex).Around 250 stalls will be set up on the occasion and artisans from across the country are participating in the exhibition.A fund of Rs 12 lakh had already been sanctioned for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17021052", "title": "Ashok and Mithilesh Goenka's pre-Diwali bash", "text": "At a pre-Diwali bash thrown by Ashok and Mithilesh Goenka, we saw guests trooping in wearing stylish attires and all set to have a blast at the do.While most chose traditional outfits, youngsters Vedika and Aditi chose to go absolutely western. While men were spotted striking conversations on a host of topics over the bubbly that was flowing all night long, most ladies were talking about their preparations of Diwali delights. Magic of music As cool breezy weather added to the vitality of the party, the live musical band injected fun into the atmosphere. This band began by singing English tracks followed by Hindi retro numbers and finally soothing ghazals by Shishir Parkhie ended this fun soiree. Mithilesh said, \"Diwali to me means get-togethers, catching up with friends and hogging sweets. We chose the outskirts of the city for the party, so that we can burst as many crackers as we can! I'm glad everyone is enjoying the live renditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026718", "title": "NPR must even if you have Aadhar number", "text": "NEW DELHI: You may have an Aadhar unique identification number (UID), but get ready now for another biometrics based scheme to register all residents of the country. Unlike Aadhar, though, registration under the Home ministry's 'National Population Register of Indian Citizens' project is mandatory.With only 60 lakh residents providing their biometrics for NPR between April 2011 and August 2012, the director of census operations and citizen registration for Delhi has set in motion a process to reach out to the remaining 70 lakh residents with a series of camps. The process started mid-October and registration camps will be organized all over Delhi by December-end. The process is expected to be completed by January-end.The director for census operations, Varsha Joshi, told TOI this is the final lap of NPR registration. An awareness campaign has already started to clear the confusion about differences between Census, UID and NPR, she said.\"A census happens every 10 years and it involves collection of data that pertains to not just an individual's identity but also confidential information like the kind of house, economic status and marital status. This time, it was decided to capture data for the National Population Register too,\" she added.The NPR project promises to link the Aadhar UID to your identity as a resident of India, end duplication and provide access to various government services and schemes through this unique ID.Joshi said, under the project personal and biometric information will be collected for residents aged more than five years. Three biometrics \u00e2\u20ac\u201d photograph, fingerprints and iris impressions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be collected. For the purpose of the NPR, a person who has lived in an area for more than six months, or intends to do so, will be deemed a resident.\"The NPR's objective is wider than UID's. It aims to build a database after verification and link it to the UID through biometrics,\" she said. Under the project, certain safeguards like collection of data at the doorstep of the individual by authorized persons, collection of biometrics after following a certain process, authentication through social audit, verification by local authorities, etc are mandatory.\"Moreover, data collected in NPR will be sent to UIDAI to avoid duplication and get Aadhar numbers. Once the process is completed, the population register will contain demographic information, biometric data and the Aadhar number.\"The censusindia website mentions that a proposal to issue identity cards to all usual residents aged 18 years and above is under consideration of the government.However, compulsory enrolment for NPR has led to confusion among people who have already obtained Aadhar cards. An official of the UID authority told TOI that even after you register for both projects, only one 12-digit unique identification number will be issued.He said the confusion had been fanned by vendors carrying out the enrolment for NPR. \"They are paid for every enrolment they do whereas in UID, the payment is linked to successful generation of a UID number,\" he said, adding, \"If you already have an Aadhar card, there is no need to provide biometric data for NPR\". However, the additional personal information needed for NPR will have to be submitted.According to the government's plan, 60 crore Aadhar cards will be issued by the UID Authority while the remaining 60 crore will be handled by the NPR project. The NPR data is likely to be used for security applications while the Aadhar ID can be used to access government services such as subsidies, opening bank accounts, and issuing passports.According to the NPR website, no records are required for registration in the registry. \"The details for NPR have already been collected during the visit of the enumerator to the household. An acknowledgement slip has also been given. This should be carried to the enrolment camp,\" it states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028414", "title": "Fans disappointed as no Indo-Pak match at Mohali this time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The sight of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his then Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani watching the high-profile World Cup semi-final in Mohali last year was something to savour amidst the exciting cricket that was on display. However, this time when the Pakistani team visits India for a three-match ODI series and two Twenty20 internationals, the picturesque Mohali stadium would be bereft of any match.According to the schedule released, the one-day matches are likely to be played in Chennai, Kolkata and New Delhi. The Twenty20 games would be held in Bangalore and Ahmedabad.During the World Cup semi-final nearly 3,000 people came to watch the match from across the border, coming through the Attari-Wagah border. But this time the Board of Control for Cricket in India (Bhas decided to not hold a match in Mohali.What does this mean for the fans?Quite obviously the fans from both countries would be disappointed as Mohali as a venue would have meant easier access. Citing that fans of both the countries would be disappointed from this decision, spokesperson of the Punjab Cricket Association (PCA), Sushil Kapoor said, \"Although PCA has nothing to do with the itinerary but the fans from both countries would be disappointed with this decision. During the World Cup semi-final last year it was an absolute spectacle to watch people from both countries throng towards the stadium. Had Mohali been a venue it would have meant easier access to the fans from across the border. Now, there may be lesser turnout of people from Pakistan. We want fans from across the border to witness the exciting matches that would be on the offing.\"The Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) has already awarded Mohali two matches for the upcoming season. England will play a one-dayer against India at the PCA stadium, Mohali while Australia will play a test match in 2013. All this comes under the purview of the Board's rotational policy, which allows different venues to host matches on an equal footing.\"We have our hands full. We already have a one-day match against England coming up in January 2013 and later on Australia will come and play a test match here. That means two back-to-back matches. This comes under the Board's rotational policy. We have no say in it and can't do anything about it,\" added the PCA spokesperson.However, the question is that Bangalore had hosted a Test match against New Zealand quite recently and now will play host to the Twenty20 international against Pakistan. Keeping that in mind, wouldn't it be prudent to allow Mohali host a match against Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028783", "title": "'Proper planning instrumental to success'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Anshuman Swain had secured 2,400 out of 2,400 in Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT), a standardized test for admission to colleges in the US. So it was no surprise that this Class XII student of DAV Public School, Chandrasekharpur in Bhubaneswar was shortlisted for the final round of Times Scholars' Programme, an initiative of The Times of India.It is meant to recognize and reward the brightest young minds, 45,000 of whom applied for the scholarship this year. The final round for the top 100 to 105, to be precise - is slated for November 3 in New Delhi.Unlike most students of his age who spend a lot of time pondering over books and attending coaching classes, Anshuman studies for only half-an-hour every day.A high scorer in his Class X board examination, Anshuman said the secret of his good marks is 'proper planning'. \"I am very attentive in class and my concepts of subjects are very clear. So I don't have to rote learn and studying half-an-hour a day is sufficient for me.\"This bright lad had won the young scientist award from the International Modern Physics Project for Youth in 2010-11. He had designed a small machine that can produce similar amount of energy like that of the Large Hadron Collider.Anshuman's interest is not confined to studies and science. He is also a vedic researcher. He is currently working on a project to interpret the Vedas and trying to connect it with contemporary life.\"I love to read the Vedas and try to decipher the vast source of knowledge. When I was a child I started reading Ramayana and Mahabharat. During that time I came across a book 'Vedic Mathematics' and my interest to learn the Vedas increased,\" said Anshuman, adding \"Vedas have been misinterpreted by people over the years but they contain advanced scientific theories.\"A former fellow of the Royal Society of Literature, Anshuman loves to write metaphorical poems each of them of around 100 lines. \"Vedas inspired me to write these metaphorical poems.\" Besides, he is also a poet, painter, music composer, opera singer and photographer.And if you are thinking that he is a big city lad who could achieve a lot because of his exposure then you are wrong. He has spend most of his childhood in Talcher and is the son of Ranjan Kumar Swain, an engineering professor at the Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology (IGIT) Sarang and Jayashree Swain, a housewife. Anshuman, who completed his Class X from DAV Public School, Talcher, attributes his achievements to his parents.\"I got a lot of freedom from my parents. They allowed me to do whatever I wanted. The internet is my greatest teacher. I idolize Leonard da Vinci because he had excelled in a lot of pursuits. \"I think there is some work of creativity in everything. So I try to learn from everything around me,\" he said.But this boy is no lover of the idiot box except for occasional cartoon shows and the History Channel. He is an active member of Facebook and is part of 'Fuzion Creative', a group of 20 like-minded youths, with whom he discusses studies and interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027314", "title": "Muthoot Fin posts 25% profit growth", "text": "KOCHI: Muthoot Finance Ltd registered net profit growth of 25% in the second quarter of the current fiscal, the company said on Monday.The gold financing company's quarterly net profit grew to Rs 268 crore from Rs 215 crore in the prior-year quarter. Total income reached Rs 1,306 crore, up from Rs 1,100 crore in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.In the first half of the fiscal 2012-13, net profit soared 27% to touch Rs 514 crore from Rs 406 crore a year ago. Branch network grew from 3274 to 3853 during the period.The company's board that met on Monday has decided to raise the public holding of its shares to 25% from the current 19.88% to satisfy the Securities and Exchange Board of India's ( Sebi ) stipulation of a minimum public holding of 25% by May 2014.\"The half year gone by has been extremely challenging for gold loan NBFCs (non-banking financial companies), as a result of the unequal playing ground created on account of the 60% LTV (loan-to-value) cap made applicable. While asset growth decelerated, borrowing cost went up considerably. Despite these, through ingenious fund management and control of costs, the company has been able to improve its profitability metrics,\" said M G George Muthoot, chairman of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026248", "title": "RTO penalizes 800 cabbies, 200 auto drivers", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 800 taxi drivers and over 200 auto drivers have been issued showcause notices by RTOs in the past two weeks for offences like refusals, meter tampering and not carrying original tariff cards.Regional transport officer Madhukar Jadhav said the permits of some taxi drivers were suspended while the others were fined Rs1,500 .Close on the heels of the RTO action, the state government on Tuesday directed the State Transport Authority (STA) to expedite scrapping of taxis over 20 years old and autos that have been on roads for 16 years. This will ensure that commuters get new vehicles to travel in as they pay higher fares.State transport commissioner V N More said: \"With a view to improving the quality of service to passengers, the state government has issued directions to the State Transport Authority to initiate appropriate measures to phase out old taxis/autos. The STA is expected to decide on the detailed scheme soon.\"Sources said the STA will take a decision next Monday. Transport secretary Shailesh Sharma, who is away on an official assignment, will resume from Monday and is likely to chair the meeting. The old vehicles are likely to be scrapped by the end of the year.The sources added that the government will encourage cabbies to dispose of taxis less than 20 years old and go for new models. Union leader A L Quadros said he will oppose the decision and cabbies are likely to agitate. \"Our drivers don't have the necessary finances to purchase new cars. They will be unemployed overnight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027452", "title": "Owner gives up his parakeets after he learns it is illegal", "text": "COIMBATORE: After reading newspaper reports that confining parakeets is an offence, a resident of Kovaipudur handed over two female rose ringed parakeets to an animal welfare organisation in the city which gave them to the corporation zoo on Tuesday. Mohammed Saleem, president of Environment Conservation Group (ECG) confirmed that the owner had indeed handed over his parakeets to them after realising it was illegal to raise them at home.\"When he came to us, we asked him to hand the birds over to forest department officials, but they were afraid. Therefore, we took the responsibility of handing over the birds to the zoo,\" said Saleem.Under Schedule IV of the Wildlife Protection Act (1972) birds including rose ringed parakeets are wild animals which should not be domesticated. However, these are widely reared by several people. The offenders are fined about Rs 5,000 initially, and if found guilty again, they can even be imprisoned. Activists say awareness regarding the birds is increasing. Owners are coming forward more frequently to hand over their birds. Other birds that are commonly reared but illegal include munias and doves. These birds are sprayed with colours to give them an exotic look and sold. Domesticating exotic birds is also against the law.Many times, the wings of these birds are plucked or cut by the owners to prevent them from escaping from their cages. The wings of the two parakeets were also plucked. It takes around three months for the wings to grow back, after which the birds will be released into the wild, Saleem said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027399", "title": "Cyclone Nilam may hit Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Cyclone Nilam is likely to affect Goa, too, though not intensely, as the meteorological centre has forecast some light thundershowers on November 1 and 2.The deep depression which intensified into a cyclone is likely to hit Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh coast. \"The skies have become overcast and there may be some light thundershowers on Thursday and Friday,\" K V Singh, director, met centre, Altinho, said.The maximum temperature recorded on Tuesday was 34 degrees Celsius. The mercury had dropped to 21.3 degrees Celsius at night after hovering around 23.7 degrees Celsius to 24.7 degrees Celsius for five days. Another system, a trough of low pressure is also forming near Lakshadweep. \"It has not developed as yet,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17027203", "title": "One killed in Greater Noida Expressway accident", "text": "NOIDA: A first-year engineering student was killed and four others seriously injured when their car rammed into a stationary, broken-down bus in the early hours of Tuesday on the Greater Noida Expressway. Cops said that vehicles slamming into stationary buses, trucks, dumpers and vans are becoming common on the e-way. In the last 36 hours, road accidents have left 8 dead and 21 injured in Noida and Greater Noida. Since July this year, nearly 15 people have lost their lives on the expressway, of which 80% have been caused by immobile vehicles.The accident occurred around 12am when the five students were on their way to meet friends in Noida in their Ford Fiesta. Suddenly, they saw a stationery bus right in the middle of the road near Sector 128. According to eyewitnesses, the driver of the car, Mihir Tomar, was unable to avoid the bus and hit it at great speed.Passersby then rescued the injured and took them to Kailash Hospital in Noida, where Mihir was declared brought dead, police said. The other four car occupants were admitted in the ICU with serious injuries. \"While Amit Goel has sustained injuries to the brain and has a fractured skull, Abhishek Pathak, Prakhar Sharma and S Khan have all sustained multiple injuries,\" said a hospital spokesperson.\"The five are students of Galgotia College and Noida International University in Greater Noida. While Mihir and Abhishek are engineering students, the others are pursuing a BBA course,\" said Sumit Goel, Amit's brother who also lives in Noida.Mihir's father, who lives in Bareilly and is a retired government official, was informed of the accident by the police. His son's body was handed over to him after post mortem, police said. The driver of the bus is yet to be apprehended, cops added.Since its inception in 2002, the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway has been the site of hundreds of deaths. Police officials refuse to divulge the figures of the total number of deaths recorded since the expressway was thrown open to traffic, citing lack of facilities and manpower to record such data.According to a random survey conducted by traffic consultants and road safety experts, 6 out of 8 accidents are caused on the route by stationary vehicles, either broken down or carelessly parked on the e-way. With the onset of the winter, the traffic police fear that the expressway could see even more deaths before the end of the year unless swift action is taken.Commuters complain that the expressway doesn't have sufficient signages and there are currently no foot over-bridges on the expressway. As a result, pedestrians and cattle alike can be seen crossing the road. There are no separate lanes for slow moving vehicles.The expressway has become a makeshift parking site for large dumpers and trucks proving to be a nightmare for those driving on the road at night. Further, no provisions have been made on the site for towing away vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17028568", "title": "Not just Chalai, two more plants in the offing", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Going by health minister V S Sivakumar's words, the modern waste treatment plant would not come up at Chalai. However, hinting at a lack of consensus among the ministers, urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhy Ali has made it clear that the project is still on.He also revealed that Chalai modern waste treatment plant would be the first among the three similar waste-treatment plants being planned in the city. Chalai model will be replicated at open jail, Nettukalthery and Pallipuram. \"We have never thought about abandoning the proposal to set up a modern waste plant at Chalai. The project is still on and it will be completed on an immediate note,\" Ali told TOI.According to officials, once the waste plant gets functional at Chalai, similar models will be set up at Nettukalthery and Pallippuram. The land has already been identified. As for local protest Ali said that there had not been any protest against modern waste plants.\"The plants we have planned will work on state-of-the-art technologies. There won't be any kind of protest from the locals,\" said Ali.A day ago, health minister V S Sivakumar had stated in a press note that the government would not set up the waste treatment plant at Chalai. This was a clear deviation from what chief minister Oommen Chandy and Manjalamkuzhy Ali had announced during the last few months. Both of them had openly declared that the alternative for Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant would come up at Chalai.Meanwhile, Chalai samara samithi has forwarded a memorandum to chief minister Oommen Chandy expressing its protest against the plant . In the memorandum, the samithi members have pointed out that the plant cannot be set up at Chalai since it is close to religious centres like Attukal temple and Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple and that it would be a violation of Municipality Act.The merchants of Chalai and the residents of Karimadom Colony will also line up behind the samithi.\"The area was originally earmarked for a shopping complex. There would be no takers for the complex once the waste treatment plant comes up. We proclaim our solidarity with the samithi,\" said Mohammad Siddique and Kaladi Jayan, office-bearers of Vyapari Vyavasayi Council, Chalai-Kothuval bazaar unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17026562", "title": "Cash-strapped Scotland Yard may sell HQ", "text": "LONDON: London's cash-strapped police force on Tuesday said it was planning to sell its iconic New Scotland Yard headquarters, famous for its revolving sign, to help save 500 million.New Scotland Yard building in Victoria, central London, has been the home of Britain's biggest police force since the 1960s.Now police chiefs are planning to sell the building and move to a smaller headquarters as they try to save 500 million from a 3.6 billion annual budget, following government cuts. Other police stations in London would also be under threat, with five already approved for sale, as the force seeks to dispose of a third of its estate.The Metropolitan police has been tasked by the mayor's office with making savings of 500 million by 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17027747", "title": "A community rooted in its roots", "text": "The Kudubis who live in harmony with nature, have a history dating back to the 16th century.Kudubi, which is also known as Kudumi, Kudumbi and Kunabi, is a tribal community. With time they got involved in agriculture and other areas. Kudubis, who speak Konkani, were inhabitants of Goa and migrated to this region centuries ago. Culturally rich with their own dance forms and religious rituals, Kudubis still follow their hereditary customs and practices.Konkani writer M Gopala Gowda, who has written books on the Kudubis , told TOI that there are roughly around 2,500 families in Kodiyal Kudubi region, which is an area that starts from Karkala in Udupi district to Konaje in Dakshina Kannada district.\"Kodiyal Kudubi region has 25 koodukattus. Each koodukattu is a ward of Kudubi families with Gurkar, who heads the community. Koodukattu in Kompadavu village is the main centre of the community and head of this ward is the chief Gurkar for all community members in Kodiyal Kudubi region. All religious and social rituals of Kudubi families are held with the guidance of Gurkars. Blessing from Kompadavu Gurkar is a must for any auspicious occasion, including marriages. Though many have migrated from Kudubi settlements owing to modernization, 90 percent of the community members still follow all rituals,\" said Gopala, who is also a member of the community.Holi is the main festival which is celebrated every year in February or March. Gurkars of all koodukattus visit Kompadavu to perform kamadahana ritual and later celebrate Holi in their areas, Gopala said Gummat and kolata are the two cultural dances of the community, which are performed during festivals. These dances are performed to the tunes of songs that narrate Ramayana, Mahabharata, Shivapurana and other epics. Men wearing traditional costumes dance playing gummat, a percussion instrument. Meanwhile, kolata is a traditional dance, where men in costumes dance with sticks in hand, he explained.\"Vanabhojana, Mahammayi pooja and Mahalaya are the other important occasions of Kudubi community. Vanabhojana is celebrated by the riverside, where fishing is part of the tradition. On Mahalaya respects are paid to ancestors by serving them food,\" Gopala explained.Kudubis are known for their knowledge on traditional medicine. \"There are elders in the community who use herbs to treat poisonous snake bites,\" he said.Kudubi Janapada Kala Vedike, which was founded in 1973, takes initiatives to popularise and protect the rich culture and tradition of Kudubi community in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028625", "title": "Dengue: Pune Municipal Corporation issues notices to builders", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has issued notices to builders of 196 under-construction sites to check accumulation of debris and stagnation of water which provides a breeding ground for the Aedes Aegypti mosquito that causes dengue.A press statement issued by the PMC said that in the last three days, the PMC has also initiated action against 34 builders for not following instructions.Vivek Kharwadkar, additional city engineer (building permission), PMC, told TOI that the civic body has started a drive to inspect construction sites. \"We are trying to check stagnation of water at construction sites and also dumping of debris. We are giving developers a few days to act once the notice is served. If they don't adhere to the instructions, the PMC is slapping stop-work notice,\" he said.He added that the PMC will continue the drive and urged citizens to contact PMC ward offices if they notice water stagnation or filthy premises.The PMC press statement claimed that health department squads have so far visited 73,352 households to check water stagnation. They have inspected over 1 lakh breeding containers and destroyed 469 breeding spots. The PMC has also started spraying insecticides and distributing information pamphlets.\"Fogging has been carried out across the city and in localities suspected to be breeding grounds. Also, the health department squads have visited 166 hospitals and pathology laboratories. The PMC is initiating every possible step to control spread of dengue,\" the PMC's press statement said.The ruling parties as well as the opposition expressed anguish over the civic administration's apathy and unpreparedness to tackle the spread of dengue in the city during the recent General Body meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17028923", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers demand medical aid", "text": "GUWAHATI: The October 30 Ganeshguri blast in 2008 left Naren Tumung (37), an autorickshaw driver, crippled for life. On Tuesday, Naren came in his wheelchair to take part in a dharna to protest against the government's failure to provide proper medical care to many of those injured in the serial blasts.\"The blast left me paralysed and jobless. I was paid a compensation of only Rs 50,000 that could not provide me better treatment. My wife left me and my old mother is now feeding me. It would be better to die rather than living like this,\" said Tumung.Naren wasn't the only one whose life was left indelibly changed by the blast. Many other autorickshaw drivers who were parked under the Ganeshguri flyover when the explosion took place on that fateful day were injured in the incident.Many of them assembled under the banner of All Guwahati Auto Rickshaw drivers' Union on Tuesday and expressed their anguish.Taher Ali is one such autorickshaw driver who needs a major surgery but is yet to get help from the government. \"My surgeon told me to I need to go in for a costly operation as a splinter from the blast is still inside my stomach. But I have not been able to get the surgery done due to shortage of money. I lost my autorickshaw too and now I can't drive because it causes me to bleed. My life is over,\" Ali lamented.The autorickshaw drivers' union, who went on a half-day 'chakka bandh' raised slogans against chief minister Tarun Gogoi who was attending the memorial function of the serial blasts just a few metres from the spot. They demanded the government take immediate steps to protect the rights of these victims.\"The autorickshaw drivers lost their job, their sole earning source - their autos - and then the government even banned us from parking in most places. Tell me, where we will go now?\" asked Naren Pathak, secretary of the union.More than 50 autorickshaw drivers took part in the protest with placards with slogans like 'Santrashbad murdabad', 'Amak shanti lage' (We want peace) and paid homage to their fellow drivers and other victims who were killed in the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027715", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences gets Indira Gandhi award for social work", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indira Gandhi National Service Scheme (NSS) award has come to Karnataka for the second time: Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) has bagged it for 2011-12 for its NSS programme. Bangalore University had won the award a decade ago.Leaving behind 13 shortlisted universities of the 636 across the country, RGUHS has become the only health university to win it.The award, consisting of cash prize of Rs 2 lakh, national certificate and a silver medal, will be presented by President Pranab Mukherjee on November 19 in New Delhi.\"We started our NSS in 1998, and today have 150 institutions affiliated to it with 15,000 volunteers. We have also adopted 150 schools, benefiting nearly 45,000 children. Through this programme, we encourage students to help in the development of rural areas,\" said Sriprakash, KS, vice-chancellor, RGUHS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "17028358", "title": "Death threats over Puja bonus", "text": "DURGAPUR: Militant trade unionism, which had led to the flight of capital in the 1970s, seems to be ominously resurfacing in Bengal. After the alleged abduction of officials employed with a private company at Haldia Dock Complex on Sunday, death threats to a senior official of a steel company have rattled the Durgapur industrial hub.SPS Group senior manager (personnel and administration ) P K Niyogi has lodged an FIR, saying he had been receiving a string of threat calls, the latest on Monday, after a row with workers over Puja bonus. \"The caller warned that I would be killed when I go out to jog in the morning,\" Niyogi said later, at a press conference.New of the threats triggered panic among SPS Group officials, made worse by a slogan-shouting crowd before the factory gates on Tuesday. The group has investments of Rs 3,000 crore in iron and steel, real estate and healthcare, and employs over 2,000 people.Group CEO Sumanta Bhattacharya said, \"So many people are employed here. Such incidents create unnecessary disturbance and have a negative impact. Those who are supposed to provide us security have turned into a threat.\" SPS Group chairman Vipin Kumar Vohra met commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee and transport minister Madan Mitra on Monday evening.Durgapur shockP K Niyogi, sr manager at SPS Group, lodges FIR alleging threat callsNiyogi says pvt guards of Kolkata-based agency Darks demanded 15% Puja bonus. Were paid 11%, up from 8.33% last year. Faction led by local youth Mukti Ruidas rebelled. Then, threat calls began Trinamool union condemns 'hooliganism'According to Niyogi, the problem surfaced ahead of Durga Puja when private security guards, belonging to Kolkata-based agency Darks, demanded a 15% bonus. The company agreed to pay 11%, up from 8.33% handed out last year. A majority of the 110 security guards accepted the bonus, but a handful led by a local youth - Mukti Ruidas of the Kalikapur locality - refused to budge, he said. Then the threat calls began.\"We terminated Ruidas from service on Monday after receiving a complaint from SPS group,\" Darks Security director Ramesh Behl said. Things seemed to turn worse after that. Ruidas allegedly called Niyogi on Monday and threatened to kill him when he went out to exercise the next morning. The SPS official went to the New Township police station immediately.Durgapur (east) additional CP Sunil Yadav has instructed the police station to ensure that work is not disrupted. Ruidas is said to be absconding. Inttuc Durgapur district president Prabhat Chatterjee said the Trinamool-backed trade union had nothing to do with it and that Ruidas was not a member. \"We never support such hooligan trade unionism. We condemn the unfortunate incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17028168", "title": "All stakeholders must chip in, else it'll be dry days", "text": "The ambitious Rs 1,759-crore Cauvery Stage IV Phase II project is being commissioned on Wednesday. It is time to look at how Bangalore's water supply arrangements have evolved.In the 19th century, Bangalore was a small town dependent for its water supply on private and public wells, stepped ponds and tanks. With the population crossing 1 lakh in 1881, it was decided to construct a reservoir at Hesaraghatta across the river Arkavathy , a tributary of Cauvery, with a storage capacity of 900 cubic feet for three years of supply. This Rs 19-lakh reservoir was commissioned in 1896.Due to the Great Plague, the population came down from 1,80,366 in 1891 to 1,59,000 in 1901. The water supply was therefore comfortable till 1916. In 1922, the Hesaraghatta reservoir dried up due to drought. A committee headed by Sir M Visvesvaraya recommended drawing of water from Cauvery. But as the cost was high, it was proposed to construct another reservoir at Thippagondanahalli, at the confluence of Arkavathy and Kumudhwathi rivers. The Rs 55-lakh Thippagondanahalli dam was commissioned in 1933 to cater to a population of 3 lakh.After the 1960s the inflow into the Thippagondanahalli reservoir came down, and now it supplies only about 30 MLD of water to Bangalore.As Bangalore's population grew, finding out alternative sources became necessary. A committee in 1958 examined four alternatives - Cauvery, Arkavathy, Hemavathi and Shimsha rivers - and recommended the Cauvery as the best dependable source.The Cauvery water supply project was sanctioned in 1964 and the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board established the same year. Between 1974 and 2002, the Cauvery project's stages I, II and III and phase I of stage IV were commissioned.The city now draws 810 MLD of water from Cauvery. This will increase to 1,310 MLD after the completion of II phase IV stage, exhausting the allocation from Cauvery. Additional sources are limited. In future, water needs of Bangalore would have to be met out of non-conventional means. Big projects would have to give way to water conservation measures, and also by greater adoption of rain water harvesting systems. Proper pricing of water is necessary to promote efficient use, and to meet increased costs. Industrial, construction and agriculture needs would have to be met out of reclaimed water. BWSSB alone cannot do this. This calls for increased cooperation and collaboration of all the stakeholders.(The writer is chairman, BWSSB)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17026545", "title": "Mother calls newborn fire-breathing 'devil'", "text": "LONDON: In a bizarre claim, a Colombian mother has said that her one-month old son is 'the devil' who breathes fire and has already started walking. Ana Feria Santos, 28, gave birth to her son last month in Lorica, but says her joy quickly turned to fear when she noticed that he had 'several abnormalities' - leading to fears in her community that he is the 'devil in disguise', the Daily Mail said.Much like the 1976 film 'The Omen', Santos said the baby frequently hides around the house, cackles in an 'adult' way and has an 'intimidating' pair of eyes.Her neighbours agree and say that he is capable of producing fire because burn marks have been found on his clothes and a sofa where he regularly sits.It has led to vigilante attacks on Santos and her taxi-driver husband Oscar Palencia Lopez's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17026866", "title": "Now, first-time MLAs eye cabinet berths", "text": "HYDERABAD: Taking cue from the Union cabinet rejig, junior MLAs particularly first-time legislators are now demanding that their names also be considered for the ensuing cabinet reshuffle in the state. In recent years no first-time MLA has been given a ministerial berth in the state cabinet following a decision taken during the YSR regime. But the recent Union cabinet expansion that made it possible for first-time MPs such as P Balaram Naik and Killi Kriparani to find a berth has whetted the appetite of many first-time MLAs.Some of them propose to lobby hard for a berth. \"During his regime, YSR told us that Sonia Gandhi was against giving ministerial posts to first-time legislators due to their lack of experience. Now, Sonia and Rahul have selected several newly-elected MPs in the Union cabinet. That should pave the way for our entry too,\" contended an aspiring first-time MLA who did not wish to be named. Another aspirant argued that a minstership could shut up some aspirants and will keep them from switching loyalty to the YSR Congress. He pointed out how close followers of Kiran Kumar Redddy like Alla Nani from Eluru, Maddala Rajesh from Chintalapudi shifted their loyalties to YSR Congress stating that there would not be any future for them with the 'ban' on first-time MLAs being made ministers.\"Rewarding first-time MLAs with ministerial berths would prevent them from thinking of moving out of the party. The chief minister is aware of this and he is figuring out what to do,\" said sources close to Kiran Kumar. New MLAs P Ravi (Poothalapattu), Shajahan Bhasha (Madanapalli), film actor-turned-MLA Jayasudha, Repaka Kantha Rao (Pinapaka), B Raji Reddy (Uppal), Jogi Ramesh (Vijayawada) and erstwhile PRP MLAs -- K Kannababu (Kakinada rural), Avanti Srinivas (Bhimili) and Sridhara Krishna Reddy (Nellore) are believed to be aspiring for ministerial berths in the Kiran cabinet.Among the MLCs, K Premsagar Rao, Pulla Padmavati, Ponguleti Sudhakar Reddy, M Ranga Reddy and Tippe Swamy are keen on a cabinet berth. Kiran Kumar is looking at various options to finalize the best combination for the cabinet that would stop the exodus from the party, an insider said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17027980", "title": "CBI suspects inside job in railway racket", "text": "CHENNAI: The multi-crore railways job racket busted by the CBI is turning out to be bigger than what the agency initially thought, as new leads suggest that the operators had a well-oiled network within the railways. CBI officials have found that the operators had a steady supply of letter heads with watermarks, seals, signatures and other railways paraphernalia.There are other elements that prompted the sleuths to suspect insiders. It was an amazingly make-believe setup , as the 'recruits' were put up in railway quarters, checked by railway doctors and even paid a daily stipend of Rs 180. During the 'training period' , batches of 30 recruits were deployed at some stations, including Howrah.The racket, headed by Naveen Kumar, a Bihar-based MBA graduate who dreamed of making movies, targeted jobless youths from Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Bihar and UP. Some retired railway employees aided them; now investigators say even serving officers could be involved. The CBI has identified 80 victims from TN.A racket that shattered many dreamsThe agency suspectsthat morethan 250 people could have been cheated by the gang, which collected 6 lakh each for a job that never came .For the victims, it was a dream shattered,their little possessions plundered . Among the youths who pawned their mothers' jewellery and family land, were engineering graduates willing to take up Group C and Group D jobs in the railways . In February, P Senthil, a BCom graduate from Selaiyur, pawned his mother's jewellery to paid 6 lakh to a former railway officer from Tamabaram for a job. He was sent for training' at an Eastern Railway division in Kolkata . It was only months later that he realized it was all part of a cruel con .The interrogation of 11 people, including nine from TN, and their interrogation exposed a shrewd modus operandi .\"Trichy resident Mary, an agent in the racketsince 2009,used to visit the building where the chief minister's grievance cell is located to scout for students desperate for a job.They asked for 6 lakh for lower level railway jobs including those of attender and record keeper,\" a CBI officer told TOI.The 'selected' candidates were sent 'call letters' with the Indian Railways seal. It contained a set of guidelines for the candidates. Not many, however, found anything amiss with the letter thatwarnedthem against \"approaching the chairman or the secretary of the railway recruitment board directly or indirectly,\" since it would render a candidate \"disqualified.\" They asked the 'recruits' to produce the letter to the station master where they have been posted.' Investigators do not find a major difference between the forged and the actual railway documents, except a few spelling mistakes in the forged ones.\"The selected men,who went to West Bengal, were given lodging in railways quarters at Kanchrapara and were given medical checks by railway doctors. This cemented their belief that they had indeed landed the job. Those on training were given a daily stipend of 180. After the training, candidates received forged appointment letters that carried signatures and seals of chief personnel officer, general manager or divisional manager of Eastern Railway,\" the CBI officer said.Some victims said they were made to do ridiculous things. \"We were taken to Howrah, where we were asked to count train movements and enter it in a register along with train numbers and coach numbers,\" said Senthil. A month later, he grew suspicious, returned home and filed a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028203", "title": "Rajasthan Housing Board likely to allot vacant houses by year-end", "text": "JAIPUR: With many housing units lying vacant in group housing schemes of the Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB), registered applicants from across the state waiting since years have ray of hope to get their homes by the end of this year.Commissioner of the housing board, Neeraj K Pawan, on Monday has directed the deputy housing secretaries to prepare a list of houses not allocated in every zone. Directions to scrutinize the list of registered applicants were also given.As per data available on RHB records, in Pratap Nagar and Sanganer housing schemes developed by the RHB, approximately 2,700 hundred housing units are lying vacant, whereas, the number of registered applicants in the schemes is only 411.Sources said there are approximately 13,000 vacant housing units across the state. \"The allotment of these housing units was cancelled after the construction and this is the reason that the houses are vacant,\" an official said. He added, \"A meeting will be held soon to decide whether the vacant houses should be allotted to the registered applicants or not.\"It is learnt majority of registered applicants are property dealers. While talking to media recently, Pawan has accepted that the board announced to renew the cancel registration after it was found that most of the applications received were from brokers or property dealers.According to the official sources, as the board is not allotting houses to the registered applicants, fresh applications for allotment of houses cannot be taken. \"Many residents cannot apply for (RHB) schemes as the houses to registered applicants are not provided,\" the source said.Meanwhile, the RHB has started taking strict action against those who submitted fake records to get plots/flats. An official had said on Saturday that a FIR was registered against those applicants who have submitted fake records. \"Some applicants had submitted affidavits saying that they do not own a house in Jaipur city. However, when an investigation was done, it was found they have plots,\" the official said.Another official said earlier applicants had to submit an affidavit of their income. However, many applicants had submitted forged documents in the past. Hence, in the RHB board meeting, a decision was taken that the applicants of MIG and HIG category shall be asked to submit their income tax return as part of supportive documents.\"We have gone strict as many residents with the help of brokers were able to get their houses allotted in the scheme,\" a senior official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028550", "title": "KGMU docs devise technique to smoothen bowel movement", "text": "LUCKNOW: A surgical technique developed by doctors at King George's Medical University's surgical gastroenterology department might prove helpful to people having problems in the natural system of passing stool, which may be flawed due to congenital disorders or injury. \"The procedure has a reasonable range of application as faecal problems affect 7% of the population in general,\" said Prof Abhijit Chandra, head of the department. The work bagged the best poster paper award at the medical university's research showcase programme held on Tuesday.Head of the research cell, Prof Shally Awasthi claimed that research work has made a significant progress at KGMU. She informed that as many as 830 research papers have been published by various faculties of the university. \"There are 214 ongoing projects in 31 departments with extra-mural funding of about Rs 9.57 crore,\" she said adding, \"The University has continued its support to research work undertaken by young faculty and students through University intra-mural funding. This year, 12 junior faculty members and research scholars have been given a grant of about 11 lakh rupees.\"Vice-chancellor Prof DK Gupta along with other guests lauded the researchers with medals and awards. Dr Kasturi Agnihotri and Dr Ariz Akhtar received the Vice-chancellor's medal for best PhD thesis. This year, in the area of clinical medicine, the jury adjudged two posters jointly meritorious for the best paper award. The first one was awarded to Prof Sujata and her team from department of obstetrics and gynaecology, the other one was authored by Divya Khattar, Shally Awasthi, and Vinita Das. While Prof Sujata's work related to pregnancy related complications, Khattar's paper studied the impact of residential environmental tobacco smoke exposure during pregnancy and low birth weight of neonates.In basic sciences, Prof Amita Jain received the best paper award for her poster related to drug resistance in tuberculosis, while Prof Divya Mehrotra received the best paper award in the dental sciences category. Prof Mehrotra's work was related to temporomandibular joint ankylosis in children and adolescents. The problem is marked by partial or complete inability to open ones mouth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17028513", "title": "Revised notification to be issued by February", "text": "Kozhikode: Calicut University will issue a fresh notification for the senate election and will publish revised electoral rolls by February 2013.The varsity decided to issue a revised notification after the Principal of the Kuttipuram MES Engineering College approached the high court to scrap the electoral roll as his name was missing from the list.When the court took up the case on Tuesday, University counsel Santosh Mathew said that the varsity was ready to issue a fresh notification. The varsity filed an affidavit stating that it had received numerous complaints regarding the electoral rolls and it would rectify the anomalies. The university will publish a revised voters list on December 1 and the fresh election notification would be made on February 1.The university had issued notifications for the senate election on October 5 and the last date of submission of nominations was November 1. The election from 10 constituencies was scheduled to be held between January 9- 28 next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17026424", "title": "Pak troops fire at forward Indian posts in J&K;", "text": "JAMMU: Pakistani troops fired at forward Indian posts at separate places along the India-Pakistan border and the LoC in J&K; on Tuesday. But no loss of life was reported.Sources said Pakistani Rangers fired at Pindi Post in Arnia sub-sector of Jammu district using small arms. They said the BSF retaliated. \"There are reports that the Pakistani Rangers fired at farmers working in the fields there,\" said a source.Later, Pakistan army soldiers resorted to heavy firing on forward Indian positions in Poonch district's Krishna Ghati sector along the LoC apparently to push in infiltrators.The two countries had agreed to observe a ceasefire along the LoC and the international border in J&K; in 2003. But there have been frequent ceasefire violations of late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17028114", "title": "Usha Uthup rocks Ahmedabad with her peerless style and presence", "text": "Usha Uthup cured Ahmedabad of time. The oeuvre of Uthup \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who performed at the Times Ahmedabad Festival on Tuesday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been for decades one of the best known cures for the slippage of youth. Indeed, what were classics for the 50-plus generation in the audience turned out to be modern chants of defiance for the young. She was utterly delighted when the crowd accepted the invitation to sing a stanza of 'Dum maaro dum' and boisterously recalled the 1971 hit, word for word. Perhaps \"recalling\" is inappropriate because the song seems to have been never forgotten.The love that audiences show to Uthup whenever she presents that song may be a mark of commiseration . Music lovers remember that she was in the star line-up when the song was to be recorded, but was moved to the chorus at the last moment. And Amdavadis choked the Vastrapur amphitheatre on Tuesday to hear Uthup \u00e2\u20ac\u201d now as old as the country. She thanked the audience singing 'Stand by me. When she said she would not have managed to sustain her career spanning more than 40 years had not audiences stood by her, her gratitude was as genuine as her rampant verve.Then came her chart-toppers like 'Shaan se' and 'Ramba ho' as well as the more recent flourishes like 'Darling'. Amdavadis attending the festival \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which has Ista Hotels as the hospitality partner \u00e2\u20ac\u201d danced without reserve, let out full-blooded whoops, and guffawed at her jokes. (She said she was wearing fake gold, having lent the genuine articles to Bappi Lahiri.)That Uthup can strum the audience like a pliable instrument was demonstrated when she sang 'Kolaveri di'. She made the crowd hum the engagingly absurd song and transformed it into piece of art. When Uthup left the stage, her image as the 'rock star in sari' was enlarged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027293", "title": "Youth stabbed to death", "text": "KOCHI: A youth was stabbed to death allegedly by one of his friends at Varappuzha in the wee hours of Tuesday. The victim was identified as Shijil (32) of Thaniparambil in Elamakkara. Three of his friends were taken into custody in connection with the incident.Shijil was found lying in a pool of blood on the side of NH by two motorcyclists. They immediately alerted police. Though police took the victim to the nearest hospital, he was declared brought dead. Police said the incident occurred when Shijil picked up a quarrel with one of his friends over a petty issue after getting drunk. Shijil had come to Varappuzha to celebrate with his friends. After picking up the quarrel, one of his friends in a fit of rage stabbed him with a knife on the left side of his chest. Though the incident occurred a couple of metres away from the NH, the victim was found lying on the side of the road.\"We suspect that the friends might have brought the victim to the road side. We have nabbed three of his friends who were with him at the time of the incident. Only after detailed questioning, we will be able to zero in on the person who actually stabbed him,\" police official said. The body was later sent for autopsy.Kochi: A booze party turned tragedy for a youth when he was stabbed to death allegedly by one of his friends at Varappuzha in the wee hours of Tuesday. The victim was identified as Shijil, 32, of Thaniparambil, Elamakkara. Three of his friends were taken into custody by the police in connection with the incident.Shijil was found lying in a pool of blood on the side of national highway by two motorcyclists. They immediately alerted the police. Though police rushed the victim to the nearest hospital, he was declared brought dead.According to police, the incident occurred when Shijil picked up a quarrel with one of his friends over a petty issue after getting drunk. Shijil had in fact come to Varapuzha to celebrate with his friends. After picking up the quarrel, one of his friends in a fit of rage stabbed him with a knife on the left side of his chest. Though the incident occurred a couple of metres away from the national highway, the victim was found lying on the side of the road.\"We suspect that the friends might have placed the victim on the road side. We have nabbed three of his friends who have been along with him at the time of incident. Only after detailed questioning, we will be able to zero in on the person who actually stabbed him,\" police officials said. The body was later shifted for conducting post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027700", "title": "Crime scene was tampered with, claims forensic expert", "text": "INDORE: The director, medico-legal institute, Bhopal who first examined the crime scene and conducted the post-mortem on slain Shehla Masood admitted that the crime scene was tampered with. The body of Masood was found next to the driver's seat, the director Dr D S Badkul told the CBI court of Justice Anupam Srivastava while appearing as a prosecution witness here on Tuesday.Dr Badkul was cross-examined by defence counsel for accused Saba Farooqui, Sunil Shrivastav. Another witness Shivcharan Sharma, a police photographer who took photographs of the crime scene did not turn up on Tuesday.When advocate Shrivastava questioned Dr Badkul on whose permission did he go to the spot for investigation, he told the court that he was called on phone by someone and he had no written request from any authority. He reached the spot as part of his duty. According to Srivastava police did not call him to examine the body of the deceased at the site and Dr Badkul had no written directions to investigate the incident.On a question by the defence counsel Srivastava about the bullet that was fired at Masood, Dr Badkul said explosive and arms expert might tell about the bullet whether it was from shot from a country made pistol or licensed pistol. Prosecution witness was also cross examined by the main accused Zahida Pervez's counsel A J Bhojwani and Pervez Alam advocate for the alleged shooters Saquib Danger and Tabish Khan.Earlier the prosecution wintess was examined by CBI senior public prosecutor Hemant Shukla and exhibited the documents. The next hearing in this case is scheduled on November 26 and 27. The court has asked three more prosecution witnesses S C Sharma, S K Singh, and Dr B K Mahapatra to appear before the court.Zahida Pervez, an interior designer and a friend of Shehla, has been named as the prime accused in the case by CBI along with four others. Other accused are Zahida's friend Saba Farooqui, and alleged shooters Irfan Ali, Tabish Khan, and Saquib Ali alias danger. All five who have been charged with murder and criminal conspiracy were on Tuesday present in the case. On August 16, 2011, 38-year- old RTI activist Shehla was found murdered in her car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027393", "title": "Decision on Panaji market remains inconclusive", "text": "PANAJI: The opposition panel prevented a discussion on the Panaji market issue at the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) monthly meeting on Tuesday, which was to take up the market survey report and decide on action to be taken to resolve the issue.When the matter came up as part of the agenda, opposition councillor Rudresh Chodankar sought time to study the report. He suggested that another meeting should be held after Diwali, despite pleas from Mayor Vaidehi Naik that a solution to the market issue was urgent.The move appeared to be a delaying tactic as Chodankar had, at the previous CCP monthly meeting, vociferously called for the immediate sealing of shops occupied illegally by various traders. This, despite the market survey and report not having been completed at that time. The opposition councillors now appear to have taken a U-turn.Chodankar's request for time led to a heated debate with Naik alleging that the CCP was facing a liability of over Rs 1 crore on market bills of electricity and water and was not getting any revenue from the market.\"We are in a hurry to solve this problem. We have a 1 crore liability bill...don't delay the issue,\" Naik said. She alleged that the opposition was not serious about the issue.The CCP has also proposed to acquire additional land admeasuring 1,40,000 sq m adjoining the property acquired for the solid waste management facility at Bainguinim as the existing land is insufficient.The CCP has also proposed that the government set up and commission the Baiguinim facility considering the huge cost it would entail.It was also decided that the CCP will restart collecting house tax through the IndusInd bank account. CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues explained that this was being done earlier but was abruptly stopped for unknown reasons and manual house tax collection had begun. He said collection of the tax through the bank would be convenient for the public and also ensure that there are records of the money collected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027356", "title": "Three MLAs boycott convention", "text": "PANAJI: The dissensions within the Congress party came to the fore on Tuesday, as only three of its legislators attended the party convention in the city.Leader of opposition Pratapsing Rane, MLAs Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco and Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar were present at the convention, while St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and his wife Jennifer and Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar stayed away. Monserrate later told mediapersons that his wife, Madkaikar and he had boycotted it. \"We are not happy with the affairs of the Congress in Goa,\" he said, adding that the party has not learned any lessons from its defeat in the assembly election. \"Nothing is being done to rejuvenate the party and leaders are divided over the mining issue,\" he said.Former chief minister Digambar Kamat, MLAs Mauvin Godinho and Vishwajit Rane also did not attend the convention but it is not known whether they are out of station or unwell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026523", "title": "40gm hair removed from girl's stomach", "text": "MUMBAI: Chembur girl Reema's parents never imagined that the cause of her perennial stomach ache could be a 40gm ball of hair.But when the 13-year-old was operated, doctors at Kurla's Aryan Hospital found a hairball, measuring 8cm X 6cm X 4cm, obstructing her small intestine. Reema (name changed), who has been under psychiatric care for depression for the past few years, had the habit of plucking her hair and eating it. As hair is not digestible, it got accumulated in her digestive canal over the years. \"Reema suffered from a disorder called trichotillomania, in which the patient feels the repeated urge to pull or twist the hair until it breaks off and to eat it,'' said Aryan Hospital's Dr Sunita Dube, adding that the girl had been eating hair for at least three to four years. \"Usually, bald spots appear on the scalp, but there was little in Reema's case,\" said the doctor. The condition is indicative of depression or similar mental problem.Every time, Reema complained of stomach ache, her mother would take her to local doctors who would prescribe anti-depressants.But on October 17, the family brought Reema to Aryan Hospital with complaints of abdominal pain, inability to pass stool for five days and vomiting. An X-ray scan showed intestinal obstruction. Doctors tried using a nasogastric tube to drain all gastric contents, but she got no relief. \"Hence, on October 19, a CT scan was done, which clearly showed a lesion, prompting doctors to perform an emergency surgery,\" said Dube.After the hairball was removed, Reema is relieved. However,Doctors said the girl and her family would be counselled to ensure that she doesn't eat hair again. The hair sample has been sent for an analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17028598", "title": "Students get talking at fest", "text": "LUDHIANA: The second day of the youth festival of Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University ( GADVASU) witnessed an array of contests, from debate, cartoon-making to clay modelling, on Tuesday.The morning session included debate, elocution, extempore and cartoon-making competitions. The subject for cartoon making was ''Noise Pollution''. In it, Roshank (College of Dairy Science and Technology) stood first, Arunbir Singh (College of Veterinary Science) second and Kirpal Singh (Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Amritsar) third.For debate, the topic was ''To improve the teaching standards in higher education , students should be allowed to evaluate their teachers''. The elocution contest - on ''Co-curricular activities should be made compulsory for every student studying in university'' -- saw students displaying their speech skills.In debate, Priyanka and Natasha (College of Veterinary Science) stood first, Sudhanshu and Baljot Kaur (College of Fisheries) second and Amritdeep and Jashandeep (College of Dairy Science and Technology) third.In elocution, Gurkaranveer Singh (College of Veterinary Science) bagged the first position, Rabia Bhardwaj (School of Animal Biotechnology) second and Jashandeep (College of Dairy Science and Technology) third.In extempore, Jagpreet Singh (College of Veterinary Science) stood first, Jagdeep Singh (College of Veterinary Science) second and Navpreet Kaur (Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences) third.In the afternoon session, clay-modelling contest - on ''Actions of Animals and Sports Actions in Human''-- was organized. In the competition, Kamaljyoti (College of Veterinary Science) stood first, Satinder Pal Singh Saini (College of Veterinary Science) second and Rajinder Kaur (School of Animal Biotechnology) third.In all the competitions, College of Veterinary Science, College of Dairy Science and Technology, College of Fisheries, School of Animal Biotechnology participated along with a GADVASU-affiliated college, Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Amritsar.The third day of the youth festival will see poster-making, rangoli, creative-writing, poetry-recitation and \"haas-ras\" contests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028294", "title": "Hondh Chillar massacre: 39 depose before commission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Survivors of the infamous Hondh Chillar massacre deposed before the Justice (retd) T P Garg Commission, which is probing the genocide of 32 Sikhs at Hondh Chillar in Rewari district. After hearing the 39 petitioners, the commission fixed November 21 as the next date of hearing to record the statements of the rest of the petitioners.Those who deposed before the commission included Sukhjeet Kaur who lost around 12 family members to the murderous mob, Uttam Singh, a septuagenarian who survived the attack, and Kawarjeet Kaur of Partapgarh whose husband was massacred.Uttam Singh, who lives in Bathinda recalled arsonists setting fire to houses of the Sikh residents. He also narrated the chain of events that led to the murder of Kanwarjeet Kaur's husband, an Army man.\"Once we are through with the statements of petitioners, we shall start recording statements of respondents, who include the home secretary's office, Haryana police, local administration, the then village sarpanch and village panchayat,'' members of the Garg Commission said.The brutal Hondh Chillar massacre of 1984 surfaced only in January 2011 when an engineer in Gurgaon, Manwinder Singh Giaspura of Ludhiana visited the site after a chance encounter with a taxi driver who knew about the place. Giaspura posted pictures of the ravaged site on a social networking website. The Haryana government constituted the Justice (retd) T P Garg Commission last September to investigate the alleged genocide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026688", "title": "Bizman dies in mishap", "text": "Two Vashi-based businessmen, who were on a bike, met with an accident in Kalyan while trying to overtake a tempo. While the rider is seriously injured and in hospital, the pillion rider died in the incident. TNNlost his life, the bike rider is seriously injured in hospital.while the while another who was driving motorcyclesuffered serious injuries and he is admitted in hospital. Incidenttook place on old Pune- Kalyan link road in Kalyan when they werereturning to Vashi from Ulhasnagar after having business deal.According to Kolsewadi police, victims businessman Ramji Patel,43 andKanti Patel,34, both are residents of Vashi and were deals in shoebusiness.On Monday evening, both had come to Ulhasnagar for their business dealand after completing their work, they were returning to the Vashi.When duo reached near Kolsewadi in Kalyan on old Pune Kalyan linkroad, they started overtaking a tempo during which Ramji lost controlof his motorcycle and fell down in which tempo coming from behind runover them and seeing accident tempo driver escaped with his truck. Inaccident Kanti suffered grievous injuries and died on spot while Ramjiwho suffered minor injuries was rushed to the Vashi based privatehospital where his treatment is going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027256", "title": "No big impact on state's economy, say bankers", "text": "KOCHI: The reduction in Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) announced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will not have much impact on the state's economy, said experts from the banking industry.\"The rate cut will not have a visible impact on our economy as the RBI has given only a small concession,\" commented Abraham Thariyan, executive director of South Indian Bank . \"Rs 17,500 crore will be pumped into the economy, but that is a small amount when compared to the overall size of the industry,\" he said.The industry was looking for a simultaneous cut in repo rate, said another banker. \"With the CRR cut, the RBI expects the inflation to go up in the next two months and decline in the last quarter of the fiscal year. We could expect a repo rate cut only during the last quarter. It seems inflation is a bigger concern for the RBI than growth,\" a banker stated on condition of anonymity.Meanwhile, Shyam Srinivasan, MD and CEO of Aluva-based Federal Bank , lauded the RBI's action on gold loans. \"Bank financing for buying gold has been banned. It's a very progressive move and would help preventing the bubble formation. Else, it could have resulted in bank loans being used to buy an unproductive asset, which again could have been pawned to raise further resources to buy more gold and so on. Increase in the provisioning for restructured assets by 75 bps would help banks to build a chest for prospective slippages,\" he added.V P Iswardas, MD and CEO of Thrissur-based Catholic Syrian Bank, was of the opinion that a reduction in interest rate would have been an extra bonanza if it had happened. The banks would only be able to cut the interest rate when the cost of funds comes down, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028361", "title": "Panel seeks 3 months' time to examine nullah centreline", "text": "JAIPUR: The committee constituted by the state government to examine the centerline of the Amanishah Nallah on Tuesday asked for more time to submit its report.After receiving allegations from the owners whose houses came under the catchment area of Nallah, the state government has constituted a five-member committee and given 10 days' time to present its report. However, on Tuesday, the committee has asked three months' time to present its report.\"Examining the centerline is a tedious and time consuming job. We have asked for more time as we will study the court orders and the objections received at JDA and JMC,\" a committee member said.Meanwhile , the JDA has explained in the high court that the rehabilitation policy for the affected house owners of Amanishah Nullah has been finalised by the state government. The policy draws separate rules for Below Poverty Lines (BPL) and Above Poverty Lines (ABL) families, which have houses constructed in the catchment areas of the nullah.The policy has provisions of allotting land and financial assistance along with shifting facilities for the rehabilitation. The constructions at the nullah are to be demolished following a recent high court directive.Rehabilitation for Jotrdawala and Saypur villages in zone- 8, Aachrawala village in zone-11 and Mundiya purohitan village in zone-12 are proposed in the policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17028258", "title": "Centre seeks impact report on de-addiction programme from Punjab", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has sought an impact assessment report from Punjab on the de-addiction program run there under a flagship Union government project for prevention of alcoholism and drug abuse among the youths there.In its letter, the social justice and empowerment ministry has also asked the Punjab government to recognize drug abuse as a \"top priority\" problem in the state.\"The problem of drug addiction in Punjab has become very serious. There is a need to address this on top priority basis. We have written to Punjab government last week over this and a report has also been sought in this regard,\" a senior official from the ministry said here.Recently, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi had also highlighted the problem of drug abuse in Punjab while addressing a student rally in Chandigarh.Officials in the ministry on Tuesday held a meeting with Punjab government officials to review the impact of the programme in the state and took stock of future initiative to control drug abuse there. The programme, which comes to an end this month, is being run in 10 districts of Punjab with the collaboration of Nehru Yuvak Kendra under the Youth Affairs and Sports Ministry.\"The SJ&E; Ministry had given Rs 2.5 crore for 3,000 villages in 10 districts of Punjab last year,\" the official said.Though the flagship program comes to an end this month, the social justice and empowerment ministry has decided to re-launch a more extensive program there to cover the entire state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026356", "title": "1 crore revamp for Khada Parsi soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will soon start work on restoring the 151-year-old cast iron Khada Parsi statue and the fountain at its base. Located at the Byculla flyover junction, the Grade-I heritage structure is currently a mere sliver of its original self due to rusting and aging. The fountain and the lights have stopped functioning and are in desperate need of attention.The cost of the restoration project is Rs 1.1 crore.The bronze elements of the statue have faded due to pollution, said heritage conservationists.The 4-ft-tall lamps were stolen in the '70s and the fountain at the base of the Corinthian column has almost disappeared.The civic body will appoint a heritage conservation architect who will work in close proximity with the contractor to restore the statue to its original form without any change in its character.Said mayor Sunil Prabhu, \"The restoration work will take around six months to be completed. The contractor will be given the additional responsibility of maintaining the structure for the next five years.\"These statues represent the culture and the essence of the city and should be protected well.\"Prabhu also added that the work will take around 6 months of be completed and the contractor who does the work will be given the additional responsibility to maintain the structure for the next five years.The BMC has been undertaking repairs of neglected monuments in the city and recently completed the makeover of the Flora Fountain. Several busts of freedom fighters and philanthropists have also been restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17026880", "title": "Gurgaon carjackers held in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "GURGAON: Some unknown robbers held hostage a company manager on gunpoint and stole his Innova car at MG road on Monday night. Gurgaon Police managed to arrest the robbers in a village of Baghpat district in Uttar Pradesh after four hour with the help of Baghpat police.A senior police officer said Uttar Pradesh police are interrogating them and Gurgaon police would take them on production warrant soon. A case has been registered against the unknown robbers in Sector 29 police station.The incident took place in front of the MGF Metropolitan Mall on MG road on Monday night around 10.30pm. The victim is identified as Sunil Bhadana, resident of Sector 17b. He working as a manager in Gurgaon-based private firm. When he reached near the mall, four armed robbers come in front of his car. Two robbers pushed him out of his Innova and fled with the four-wheeler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028433", "title": "UP Electricity Regulatory Commission tariff waiver for poor consumers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) on Tuesday effected a change in the power tariff for poor consumers having a sanctioned load of 1KW. The commission waived off the condition that sought to push them in the category of normal domestic consumers who are charged a higher power tariff.The commission, in its earlier tariff order on October 19, had put a condition saying that if the power consumption by these consumers, identified as 'Life line consumers', exceeded 150 units for three consecutive months, they would be clubbed with normal domestic consumers. While the life line consumers are charged at the rate of Rs 2.45 per unit, the normal consumers are charged at the rate of Rs 3.45 to Rs 3.80 per unit.The change was brought in following a review petition filed by UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad on October 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17028014", "title": "Single junk meal can harm heart", "text": "LONDON: Just one junk food meal can damage your arteries, raising the risk of heart attack, heart disease or stroke in later life, a new study led by an Indian-origin researcher has claimed.A single portion of greasy hamburger and chips or fat-laden crisps and chocolate can be enough to raise the risk of cardiovascular disease or stroke later in life, found experts from the Montreal Heart Institute. Researchers found that the key to staving off heart disease and other illnesses caused by clogged arteries is to switch to a Mediterranean-style diet, based on healthy foods like oily fish, fresh vegetables and olive oil, the Daily Express reported.Dr Anil Nigam and colleagues compared the effects of junk food and a typical Mediterranean meal on the ability of arteries to dilate after a temporary five-minute blockage . The study looked at 28 nonsmoking men, who ate a Mediterranean-type meal first and then a junk food-type meal one week later. The Mediterranean meal was made up of salmon, almonds, and vegetables cooked in olive oil containing mono-and polyunsaturated fatty acids.The junk food meal was a sandwich made of a sausage, an egg, and a slice of cheese, and three hash browns, composed mainly of dangerous saturated fat. After the Mediterrean-style meal the men's arteries were found to dilate normally and maintain good blood flow.However, after eating the junk food the arteries of the study participants dilated 24% less than they did when in a fasting state.\"This research adds to the growing body of evidence that we would all be better off if we dumped the junk. A 'Mediterranean diet' , which is low in saturated fats and rich in good fats, is much better for your heart than a trip to the takeaway ,\" Natasha Stewart, senior cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026492", "title": "'Send Jalgaon scam accused Sena leader to Arthur Road jail'", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major setback for controversial Shiv Sena leader Sureshdada Jain, Jalgaon sessions court judge V J Dixit on Tuesday passed an order, saying, since the Supreme Court has rejected his bail, he should be sent to Arthur Road jail. Jain is among the 90 accused in the Rs 32-crore mass housing project scam.On Monday, the Jalgaon police registered two separate criminal cases against Jain for his alleged involvement in the district central cooperative bank fraud and illegally siphoning of massive funds from the Jalgaon airport project.\"On October 18, the SC rejected Jain's bail application. However, then the court had observed that since he has undergone bypass surgery, he should be lodged in such a jail, where or nearby adequate medical facilities are available. Accordingly, the apex court was placed before the Jalgaon sessions court for orders. After prolonged discussion and arguments, it was decided to lodge him in Arthur Road jail,\" said Praveen Chavan, special public prosecutor.Following a complaint lodged by senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse, then Jalgaon collector Praveen Gedam had in 2006 lodged an FIR against Jain, then municipal council president Gulabrao Deokar, who is now minister of state for transport, and 88 others for their alleged involvement in a multi-crore fraud. It was found that the mass housing schemes were implemented on such lands which did not belong to the municipal council, huge mobilization was given to firms linked to Sureshdada Jain and there was gross misuse of funds.After a prolonged investigation spreading over six years, on March 11, then additional superintendent of police Ishu Sandhu arrested Jain, former mayor Pradeep Raisoni and a section of leading builders associated with Jain. The Jalgaon police then secured Jain's custody for 10 days, after which he was sent to judicial custody.On March 22, he was admitted to a private hospital for a heart ailment. On March 25, he underwent a bypass surgery. Then he was produced before a medical board, which submitted that his all parameters were normal, but suggested six weeks' rest. Later, he succeeded in securing permission to stay in a private hospital. However, on July 30, his bail application was rejected. He again filed an appeal before the high court, which too rejected his bail plea on September 13.Aggrieved by the HC rejection, Jain knocked the doors of the apex court, saying on health grounds, he should be granted bail. However, the SC on October 18 rejected his application. The court observed that he should be lodged in such jail where or nearby adequate medical facilities were available. \"We discussed all options. We considered Pune, Nashik and Mumbai jails. Ultimately, it was decided that since best medical facilities were available around Arthur Road jail, he should be lodged there. Accordingly, an order was passed by the sessions court. It will be executed in a day or two and Jain will be lodged in Arthur Road Jail,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028776", "title": "Bus fares bite diesel dust", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Squeezing the inflationary noose yet tighter, the government decided on Tuesday to hike bus fares in the state from November 1. While commuters have to cough up an extra five paise per km, the hike appeased bus owners, prompting them to call off their proposed agitation from next month.The bus owners' demand for an increase in fares in view of the latest hike in diesel prices was under the examination of a technical committee headed by transport commissioner S Kumar. At the October 13 meeting with transport minister Subrat Tarei, the bus owners had given October 31 as the deadline to hike the fare. \"The fares have been revised after examining the technical committee report,'' the transport minister said.As per the new fare structure, ordinary buses will charge 55 paise instead of 50 paise per km while express buse fare has been increased to 58 paise from 53. Deluxe buses will charge 76 paise per km instead of 70 and AC deluxe bus fare has gone up to 93 paise from 85 paise per km.\"We were to stage an agitation from November 1, but the government took the decision before the deadline. We are happy that the fare has been hiked by a minimum of five paise,\" said Debendra Sahu, general secretary of all Odisha bus owners' association. The association had demanded a minimum increase of 10.81% in bus fares. \"However, this hike will also considerably ease the burden on the bus owners,\" Sahu said.Sources said around 12,000 buses would have remained off the roads had the hike decision not been taken on time. Bus operators were incurring losses as diesel price went up by nearly Rs 6 per litre in recent months. The government had last increased bus fares on July 18, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027326", "title": "CRPF DG finds himself in a mine field at news conference", "text": "NEW DELHI: CRPF chief Pranay Sahay tried hard to tackle one googly after another at his maiden news conference at the headquarters of the force in Delhi on Tuesday. The former chief of SSB took over as CRPF director-general on October 18. While tackling a question on CRPF men killed despite using anti-landmine vehicles, Sahay virtually wandered into a mined zone. About two weeks ago, Maoists killed six CRPF men and blew up an anti-landmine vehicle in Bihar's Gaya. Referring to the incident, a reporter asked about the efficacy of such vehicles and steps taken by the CRPF to minimize casualty.Sahay, a 1975 batch IPS officer of Manipur-Tripura cadre, admitted maximum CRPF jawans were killed in IED blasts during anti-Maoist operation, but he did not seem convincing on anti-landmine vehicles. Inspector-general of CRPF's specialised force, CoBRA, NC Asthana decided to help out his chief. He cited the US experience in Afghanistan where despite deploying 17,700 mine-resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles casualty could not be minimised. The US with access to advanced technology cannot prevent damage of MRAP vehicles, what can CRPF do, was the tenor of his argument.Asthana also expressed the CRPF's helplessness in ensuring the nodal agency of the country's anti-Maoist operations gets quality grenades that don't hurt its own men. Last month, at least six CRPF men were injured when a grenade exploded inside a training centre at Nagrota in Jammu. The CRPF men were being trained to handle grenades during a refresher course.As for anti-landmine vehicle, Asthana explained the nitty-gritties of grenades and said it was up to the ordnance factories to make quality grenades implying the CRPF had nothing to do about it. The CRPF chief echoed Asthana's opinion.To a question on the seizure of a Colt Defense M 16 gun of US make from a couple of suspected Maoists in Hazaribagh, Sahay said the case was being probed. Asthana again took over and said the gun was of 1967 vintage a throwback to the Vietnam war era. Making light of the matter, he implied it was not of much consequence; it was an old gun purchased for Rs nine lakh. \"Somebody must have taken them for a ride,\" he said.The Union home ministry though is quite serious about the case and wants National Investigation Agnecy (NIA) to probe.Sahay refuted reports about high attrition in the CRPF. A study by an IIM professor commissioned by the MHA though talked about stress and attrition in the CRPF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028070", "title": "Gulf dreams dry up in desert camel farms", "text": "CHENNAI: They were promised jobs as a fitter and a domestic aide in Saudi Arabia for a commission of Rs 1 lakh each but ended up herding camels and sheep until they were rescued.Jagabar Ali of Nagapattinam and Muniasamy of Ramanad, who returned home a week ago, told TOI on Tuesday they were elated when approached by Soliappan, a sub-agent of Trichy-based Safia Travels. They had dreams of making huge sums of money when they left for Saudi Arabia.Their dreams were shattered once they got there. They were driven to an obscure village, 300km from Dammam, and asked to work on a farm belonging to a man named Mohammed Khaled Al Dosseary.\"We had to work long hours. Our employer treated us like cattle and didn't pay us any money. We were given Quboos, the local bread, and drank the water the camels did. We cried for days and were almost resigned to our fate,\" said Ali. \"Then, we managed to called our families and somebody put up our story on Facebook,\" he said.Madan of Rajasthan, who was similarly trapped on a neighbouring farm, was their \"pillar of strength\". \"He often gave us tea and helped charge our mobile phones to call home. We had to walk two km in the desert to go and meet him,\" said Jagabar Ali.Muniasamy said, \"Once a sand storm raged for three days and not once did our employer ask how we were. On the fourth day, he asked if the camels had been fed.\" He said there were times when they lived on just water for days. \"We began to smell like cattle,\" Muniasamy said.Things began to change when Agni Subramanian of Chennai-based Manitham, an NGO working with refugees and prisoners, saw their story on Facebook. He contacted them and began writing to the ministry of external affairs, the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister's office and others.A letter from the CM's office was forwarded to police and pressure was exerted on Safia Travels which contacted its counterpart in Saudi Arabia.\"One day a man came to the farm and drove us to Riyadh. He got us new passports and took us to the airport where we were told to go to a particular counter. We boarded a flight to Kochi before going home,\" Ali said.The two now have only one request. \"The authorities should bring to book unscrupulous travel agents who cheat innocent people like us,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026444", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 1.5cr robbed from busy railway station bridge", "text": "NAGPUR: In the year's biggest robbery in the city, three unidentified men on a bike stopped an autorickshaw and made away with a passenger's bags containing jewellery worth Rs 1.5 crore. The robbery took place at the busy Jaistambh Square near Nagpur railway station on Tuesday morning.The jewellery included gold and silver pieces, diamond-studded valuables and imitation jewellery meant for distribution to the city's well-known jewellers. Some of the stock was to be transported in Akola, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.Pradeep Vighe and Mahesh Singh were travelling in an autorickshaw driven by Ramesh Budankar. Vighe, a courier agent with Khandelwal Logistics, was carrying two bags including one luggage bag and Singh was carrying one black office bag.Among the three bags, Singh's bag had only clothes in it. However, Vighe's bags had jewellery.The incident took place around 9.30 am, half an hour after Vighe and Singh reached Nagpur from Vidarbha Express. Police said that the duo worked as courier agents in different companies and had met many times during their journey to Nagpur.\"This time too, they had met during their journey and took the same autorickshaw,\" said a police officer. While Vighe's office is on Central Avenue, Singh, during his tour to city, would stay in a hotel on the same road. Hence, the duo took an autorickshaw for Gandhibagh.Budankar had just taken the vehicle on the overbridge when suddenly three youths on a bike rode up parallel to them. The rider stopped his bike in front of the autorickshaw. Two of them walked towards the autorickshaw. One went to Vighe's side and the other to Singh's.\"They asked us to hand over the bags which were kept in kept between our legs. When we tried to resist, they brandished a knife, pulled the bags and fled on the bike,\" said Vighe, a resident of Amravati.Budankar said that he even tried to chase the thieves but they zoomed away towards Motibagh and disappeared. \"It all happened within a few minutes, leaving no chance for us to react or protest. We managed to note down the bike's number as MH31 TC 232,\" added Vighe.The victims immediately lodged a complaint with the Railway Protection Force at the railway station who then referred them to Sadar police station. Police inspector R V Bansod and other senior officials examined the spot but failed to get any substantial clue.Police said that Vighe, being a courier agent, had collected parcels from different places. A majority of the jewellery was from Mumbai's Zaveri's Bazar.Earlier, Vighe had estimated the loss of Rs 90 lakh. Later, it was learnt that the bag also had another order worth Rs 68 lakh. Police are still trying to contact the traders linked to the logistics company to ascertain the exact stolen amount.Police inspector Bansod said the police team was working on the bike's number. Investigators suspect that the robbery may be the handiwork of an organized gang. \"It is possible that some gang members were tailing Vighre in the train. They may have tipped off the bike-borne robbers about Vighre's movements and asked them to intercept his autorickshaw on the railway bridge,\" a cop said.In the last two months, the city has witnessed a spate of bag lifting incidents and robberies. On August 27, a trader Akshay Kohli was robebd of Rs 5.65 lakh by two bike-borne youths. Four days later, another businessman was robbed of Rs 7.40 lakh.Among a number of chain snatchings that took place in the city, five women were injured in the last week alone after they tried to resist the chain snatchers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026815", "title": "Quota students in the lurch as state stops aid", "text": "MUMBAI: Tens of thousands of Several backward category students wanting to take up popular courses can no longer aspire to sign up for them for want of funds.The government has expressed its inability to financially support students wanting to pursue courses like bachelor's degree in business administration, computer application, business management, financial market and the two-year LLB course. Moreover, doctors wanting to specialize and join master's courses like MS in orthopaedics, MS in obstetrics and gynaecology, MD in radiology, etc will now have to shell out the full fees as government means scholarships will no longer be available.The state has \"temporarily\" stopped scholarships for 223 courses, most of them undergraduate programmes. Ironically, most of these new-age courses are unaided and hence have higher fees than the traditional vanilla BA, B Com and B Sc programmes.Moreover, What is shocking is that the government has not issued a directive to the effect, but it has deleted all these courses from the scholarship and free-ship application website. All these courses have been placed under the Z category and students from the OBC/NT/SBC categories wanting to study these courses have to pay the entire fee to the college. Worse, students who have already enrolled for these courses in the previous years will now have to arrange for funds or will have to drop out of the programmes. \"The state government has placed these courses out of the scholarship ambit temporarily. But the matter will soon be placed before the cabinet,\" said L B Mahajan, divisional officer of the social welfare department. The government placed all the courses under the Z category about 11 months ago, said sources. This year, the last date for submitting the scholarship form is tomorrow.As on Tuesday afternoon, 14.85 lakh had applied for state scholarships.An officer, on the condition of anonymity, said these students used to be supported because funds used to come from the Central government and the same have stopped.\"The Centre has some apprehensions about the beneficiaries of these scholarships and has stopped sending money since last year,\" a officer said.College principals have told their students that this year's scholarship money may not come and they will have to pay the full fee, said Madhvi Pethe, principals of M L Dahanukar College of Commerce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17028897", "title": "Cop, actor sent to jail for raping Imphal schoolgirl", "text": "IMPHAL: A local court on Tuesday remanded a police commando driver for allegedly raping a schoolgirl and his friend, a film actor-cum-singer for assisting in the crime, to judicial custody here.While the prime accused, police driver Yumnam William, has been suspended by the police department, Film Forum Manipur (FFM) has banned actor Thongam Tarun, who assisted in the crime, from working in Manipuri films.A resident of Khagempalli Panthak in Imphal West, William (28), had befriended the victim, a Class XII student of TG Higher Secondary School.On the pretext of taking her to a birthday party, William picked up the girl, who was returning home from school on October 20, in a car. The accused then picked up Tarun (27) from his Thangmeiband Sinam Leikai residence here and the three of them went to a hotel at airport road.After drugging her with soft drinks, she was allegedly raped in a hotel room by William. Meanwhile, Tarun made sure nobody saw the crime taking place, sources said.However, following public uproar, they surrendered to the police on the next day.On Sunday night, a duty magistrate (Imphal West) remanded both the accused to judicial custody for 13 days. They were charged under Sections 366/376/34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Meanwhile the FFM, an apex body of all film-related units in the state, has decided that the forum will not approve any film activities taken up by co-accused Tarun.\"In an FFM meeting convened a few days back, we took the decision against Tarun, who has tarnished the film fraternity of the state. We have also banned his recent music video albums and a film in which he worked,\" FFM chairman L Surjakanta Shrama told this reporter on Tuesday.On October 25, home minister Gaikhangam said that punitive action would be taken against the two accused. On the same day, the irate school students protested against the alleged rape of their classmate.A team of Manipur State Commission for Women, led by its chairperson L Ibetombi Devi, visited the victim's house and consoled the girl and her family and assured that the commission would extend all the support to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028778", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation to charge fee for waste collection", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: People of the city will soon have to pay user fee to Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) for collection of solid waste and availing recreation facilities in parks managed by the civic body. The exact fee will be decided later.The corporation is planning to charge Rs 20 per domestic household a month for solid waste collection. \"The exact amount will be decided at the corporation meeting next month,\" BMC commissioner Sanjib Kumar Mishra told TOI on Tuesday. For commercial user, BMC is planning to collect Rs 250 a truckload for transportation of solid waste from each commercial establishment.The city generates over 450 metric tonne solid waste annually. But collection and disposal of waste is a matter for concern for the civic body. Heaps of garbage is an eyesore in several wards, where sanitation activities were privatized.User fee for visiting parks is likely to stand at Rs 10 a adult, Rs 8 for each visitor in the age group of 13 to 17, Rs 5 for 6 to 12 age groups and free for 0-5 child. At present, the BMC does not charge any fee to enter the parks. The corporation looks after 24 parks in the city.Similarly, shop-owners in vending zones here will have to pay user fee every month. \"We are planning to collect Rs 5 to Rs 10 per sq ft occupancy from each vendor,\" Mishra said. Going by the existing practice, vendors are only paying Rs 500 a year to renew their trade licence, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026279", "title": "Cops want CCTVs in pubs to 'prevent raids'", "text": "MUMBAI: Police in south Mumbai are pushing bars, pubs and restaurants to install CCTV cameras on their premises, eliciting cries of invasion of privacy from lawyers, who call the exhortation unjustifiable.Officers in-charge of the city's 'south region' recently held a meeting with managements of pubs, eateries and bars in the area. During the meet, the managements were told to set up closed-circuits cameras inside their establishments so that cops can keep track of violations.\"We will collect the footage weekly or fortnightly. If we do not find any violations of law, we will not conduct raids,\" said a senior officer, arguing that there should be \"no problem in installing cameras if there is no illegal activity and if the curfew hour is being followed\". The officer continued: \"We will continue raids if these places don't abide by the law.\"But lawyers saw the police demand very differently.\"This is like Big Brother watching. It would be a complete invasion of an individual's privacy. What is the justification?\" said advocate Amit Desai. Legal principles require a reasonable apprehension of commission of crime for a rule or law to be introduced. \"Police cannot decide to wire up places with CCTV cameras without a justifiable reason,\" argued Desai.A main thoroughfare, lawyers noted, can be covered with CCTV cameras to prevent and investigate serious crimes such as terror attacks. But to take similar measures at a private club, without a scientific study to first prove fear of a crime, is untenable.Veteran crime law counsel Shrikant Bhat said that CCTVs \"at the entrance can be a permissible exception\". Still, \"police cannot put into operation a rule without first conducting a study on the violation of privacy such a move would entail,\" he added.Lawyers say privacy in India is not governed by any comprehensive law, though the apex court has, through rulings since the '60s, held it to be a fundamental right-under right to life-and a common law right. Such a right cannot be trampled on by rules made by police without satisfying the test of Constitutional validity.Additional police commissioner (south region) Krishna Prakash admitted the demand for CCTV cameras has been resisted by establishments in the area. So far, only three places on VP Road have complied. \"Our intention is not to create trouble,\" maintained a cop. \"We have to go by the law.\"Last weekend, the MRA Marg police-which fall under the south region-raided LIV lounge bar at Kala Ghoda for staying open beyond the 1.30am deadline. Nearly 200 of its guests were dragged to the police station and kept there, according to the patrons, without explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17028332", "title": "Feast turns deadly for three", "text": "VARANASI: Three persons died and two others fell ill after consuming liquor and non-vegetarian food during a feast in Ghamaur Khas village, under Khutahan police area, in Jaunpur district on Monday night. Police sent the body of one of the dead for postmortem examination to ascertain whether the deaths occurred due to consumption of spurious liquor or food poisoning.To celebrate the birth of his grandson (daughter's son), Gherau Harijan had gone to her house on October 28. Bharat Bhusa, the father-in-law of Gherau's daughter, had hosted a feat on the occasion.Gherau and other guests were served liquor procured from local illicit liquor manufacturing unit and non-vegetarian food.Several persons took ill after the feast. By Monday morning, the condition of Kamlesh (25), Ram Achal (45), Shrinath (25), Bahadur and Mahendra started deteriorating. They were rushed to local hospitals where Kamlesh, Shrinath and Ram Achal died. The families of Kamlesh and Shrinath cremated their bodies but before the family of Ram Achal could do so, police reached there and send the body for postmortem examination. On noticing deterioration in the condition of Bahadur, the doctors referred him to Varanasi.SP Jaunpur Dharm Veer said that the incident had taken place two days back and food and liquor samples could not be collected.BSP leader shot in land dispute: A Bahujan Samaj Party office-bearer Insaan Khan alias Viffan (46) was shot in Pindra Bazaar, under Phoolpur police area and another person was shot in Azamgarh district on Monday night.Viffan owned a katra (shops) in Pindra Bazaar and lived nearby. When he reached the katra before the closure of market on Monday night, two men reached there on a motorcycle. Viffan and one of the miscreant entered katra where he was shot on temple. Later, the miscreants opened fire in the air to create terror. The residents of the area rushed Viffan to a local hospital where the doctors declared him brought dead. The local residents and shop owners returned the market with the body and blocked the road. SSP BD Paulson, SP rural Amarendra Pratap and a heavy police force reached there. On their assurances, the local residents agreed to end the stir.On Tuesday morning, resentment started brewing among shop owners and residents of Pindra, when they came to know about the accused named by the family of Viffan. The shopkeepers closed the shops and met senior officials with local Congress MLA Ajay Rai. They demanded the officials not to harass innocent people by making them accused in the murder case. In view of tension prevailing in the market, heavy police force and PAC remained deployed on Tuesday. It is suspected that Viffan was killed in a land dispute.In Azamgarh, Ramlagan Yadav (25), a native of Jiyanpur area, was shot near Anjan Shahid locality on Monday night. He was passing through the area when the killing took place. On hearing the sound of firing, his family members and villagers reached the spot and rushed him to hospital where he was declared brought dead. It is suspected that he was killed in a money dispute which arose after selling of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026941", "title": "Naval officer to sail across globe Navy man to set sail for", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-seven thousand nautical miles of off-shore sailing may have prepared Lieutenant commander Abhilash Tomy enough for a solo circumnavigation, but nothing can still prepare him for the challenges that the unpredictable sea would throw up on his solitary voyage. He will have to go with the flow, he says. Tomy will embark on the first-ever solo circumnavigation voyage titled 'Sagar Parikrama II' on November 1. Tomy has stocked 900 litres of water, 200 kg of food, one tonne of equipment, a fleet broadband internet to maintain a blog and minimum connectivity and lot of fortitude and confidence, Tomy will sail for an unprecedented mission.He will be sailing on Mhadei, a sailing ship made in Goa, which has earned the trust of sailors weathering harsh conditions in the sea. \"Since it is a first non-stop solo attempt, there is a lot of planning. I have stalked up food and fuel. I need equipment as back-up for any kind of failure, a back-up is needed for the back up too,\" said Tomy, when he interacted with the media in Mumbai.\"There is a lot to do when you are at sea alone. You have to sail the boat, repair things, cook, look out for more things that may go wrong. The boat teaches you to be self-reliant,\" said captain Dilip Donde, who had gone on solo circumnavigation journey in 2009 and finished it in nine months. He however, had stops at four ports on the way. Donde had also sailed on sailing ship Mhadei.Tomy hopes to cover 150 miles daily on an average and hopes to finish his voyage and return to the starting point in five to six months. \"Rest depends on the weather conditions, winds and waves,\" said Tomy. The idea behind the mission is to put India on the world map of ocean sailing. \"We want more young people to know and take up ocean sailing,\" said Tomy.The voyage will be flagged off from Gateway of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028157", "title": "Fake railway website lured victims", "text": "CHENNAI: The railways job scam shows how a bunch of tricksters used the internet with ease to fool several people into paying up to 6 lakh for a job that never was.The kingpin of the racket created a fake website with the url www.irrbk.org, claiming it to be that of the Railway Recruitment Board (RRB), Kolkata. They then gave hypertext links to RRB's official website www. rrbkolkata.org. So, anybody logging on to the fake site and clicking on a link was taken to the official site, adding credibility to the fraudsters' claims.The tricksters made an attractive home page which contained a writeup that detailed the history of Indian Railways since 1832. Adding to the 'credibility' of the site were links to railways recruitment status in Guwahati, Hazipur and other major Eastern Railway regions. There was also a tab to check PNR status of tickets.While most government websites run on a common platform managed by NIC and controlled by respective organization and state governments, websites of railway zones and railway departments are designed and maintained by Centre for Railway Information System (CRIS ). The organisation uses domain names like '.com,' '.org' and '.co.in' (www. sr.indianrailways.gov.in, www.irctc. co.in) while Indian government's official sites use nic.in or gov.in which is impossible for individual to misuse. Security experts say it is appalling that railway intelligence or other agencies could not detect the racket for at least three years.According to a senior official in the National Informatics Center (NIC), an institution that runs government websites and provides egovernance solutions to the centre and state government agencies, various zonal divisions and boards of Indian Railways, the largest railway network in the world, are mostly controlled by independent web domains which have low security cover.\"When the government data centre managed by NIC or state IT departments follow strict safety protocols and multiple layers of security to prevent mimicking of the website, railways remains vulnerable because of the domain name 'org',\" said an NIC official. \"Recently we notified that several websites had issued admit cards and job offer letters in various railway zones without railways validation. The railways has not taken any awareness measures,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17028137", "title": "There's no damage to golden howdah", "text": "MYSORE: The Chinnada Ambari (howdah) of Mysore Palace used in the Dasara procession every year is intact and there's no cause for worry.Mysore Palace board deputy director TS Subramanya denied reports in a section of the press that it's damaged. The Ambari, which is over 100 years old, is not broken and has been given back to its custodian, scion of the Mysore Royal family Srikantadatta Nara-simharaja Wadiyar. It's kept back in the northern-most bay of Gombe Thotti at Mysore Palace, where it's on display under police protection.However, the silk and zari cloth, fixed to cover the mantapa from inside, is damaged. The delicate silk threads are worn out due to age. Mysore Palace guide lecturer Madanaika confirmed the Ambari is intact . Madanaika, 52, has been a palace guide for 27 years.The golden howdah was created before Nalwadi Krishna Raja Wadiyar and was used both in Dasara and birthday celebrations. But Krishna Raja Wadiyar decorated the celebrated howdah with more gold.Mysore heritage committee member Echanuru Kumar said the Ambari is made of fig and audumbar wood and bejeweled with gold. Goldsmiths led by Swarnakala Nipuna Singannachar created the design. The board's deputy director Subramanya claimed the board informed Wadiyar about the damage and the latter noticed it. But as it's his property, he has to decide what to do about it, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027813", "title": "Minister raps staff over shortage of medicines at Allahabad hospital", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The minister of state for health and family welfare Shankh Lal Manjhi inspected the Moti Lal Nehru district hospital on Tuesday and took stock of facilities provided to patients and their attendants.The minister visited the general ward and enquired from patients and their families about the facilities in the hospital. Manjhi expressed displeasure over the fact that some patients were forced to buy medicines from outside due to unavailability at hospital counter. The matter was brought to his notice by some patients after which the minister reprimanded the hospital staff and told officials to ensure that all medicines are made available at hospital counter.Chief medical officer Dr Padmakar Singh said the minister will apprise the state government about the non-availability of medicines and recommend action against the guilty staff.CMO added that the minister instructed the hospital's senior superintendant to ensure cleanliness and sanitation inside the hospital premises and wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028290", "title": "Upset MLA petitions against Ambala officials", "text": "CHANDIGARH: BJP MLA from Ambala Cantonment, Anil Vij moved a petition before the petitions committee of Haryana assembly, alleging that he was being ignored by officials of Ambala district administration, including deputy commissioners.In his four-page petition, Vij has accused the district officials of bias while dealing with issues taken up by him over the past three years.The petitions committee is a body constituted by Haryana speaker Kuldeep Sharma to address grievances on issues of public interest. The committee acts on behalf of the Speaker and enjoys quasi-judicial powers to summon officials and pass orders on petitions moved before it.\"As per protocol, MLA holds the rank equivalent to that of chief secretary. We don't want deputy commissioners, sub-divisional magistrates (SDM) or other officials to go out of the way to attend us. But they should be courteous enough to respond to the communications made by us. It is now quite clear that the communication made by chief secretary to deputy commissioners about attending area MLAs on priority basis is an eyewash. Hence I am forced to approach the petitions committee,'' said Vij.\"I am surprised that the local administration did not even bother to communicate, even after they (officers) found that the issues taken up by us in public interest were falling under their jurisdiction,\" Vij added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027846", "title": "Students learn about police functioning", "text": "ALLAHABAD: About 150 students from city schools on Tuesday interacted with police officials and learnt about their functioning. The children also expressed their suggestions regarding safety through essays and paintings. The students also visited the Civil Lines police station and saw police weapons and armoury.Students evinced interest in police functioning and enquired about police powers, duty hours, what to do if a police station refuses to register an FIR etc.The purpose about the interaction between students and cops was to apprise the former about police functioning and citizens rights. The students were told people also have duty towards the police as responsible citizens and the two should work in close cooperation to uphold the law.A student said, \"It was a good experience to know about the police and their working and challenges faced by them.\" Students who excelled in essay writing and painting competitions were later felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026771", "title": "Ajay Maken to push for speedy allotment of EWS houses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon after taking charge of the housing and urban poverty alleviation ministry, an enthusiastic Ajay Maken , who has been elevated to cabinet rank, expressed concern over implementation of the housing projects aimed at rehabilitating slum dwellers under the Rajiv Awas Yojna across the country. The minister now plans to take on states that do not meet deadlines by linking performance in construction, allotment of EWS flats and rehabilitation of slum dwellers to the release of funds for these projects. The ministry has an allocation of about Rs 80,000 crore for housing in the 12th five-year plan.Maken said there were still 18 months to go for the Lok Sabha polls and that was enough time for paving the way for a housing policy framework that ensures rehabilitation. Borrowing from his experience as a former minister of state for urban development at the Centre, he plans to push for speedy execution of projects like DDA's pilot in situ rehabilitation of Kathputili Colony at Shadipur Depot in west Delhi. He drew attention to the fact that he had inaugurated the pilot project when he was minister of state, urban development, adding that he will in coordination with UD ministry ensure that the rehabilitation process is expedited and that it happens before the 2014 elections. Maken is also planning to visit the RAY projects in various states.In the capital, so far the Delhi government's record on allotment of EWS houses has been far from impressive. Over 10,000 units have been ready for long and most still lie vacant. Around 1500 units were allotted in the first round recently. Moreover, surveys by the state itself have found that just about 40% people in many slums slated for relocation make the eligibility mark. The remaining have no choice but to fend for themselves.However, Maken in his first briefing on his new portfolio said that the state governments will be asked to focus more and more on in-situ redevelopment so that 100% rehabilitation of slums is possible. \"The idea is not to remove the poor from the cities. Rehabilitation of slum dwellers is aimed at addressing the issue of housing and the needs of the marginalized,\" Maken said.\"We need to ensure that the policies are such the more slums don't come up. If that requires changes in development control norms for private developers it should be done. The need of the hour is to get private developers to commit a certain percentage of their projects to building EWS housing. You cannot push people to the fringes and create ghettos for the poor. It is not the right way to plan,\" he pointed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17028073", "title": "Now, simplified way to apply for affiliation", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad have introduced a simplified way of getting the affiliation of UP Board. Now, schools can apply for affiliation instead of running the illegal institutions.Following the simplification of UP Board affiliations, the committee members of Secondary Education Department (Madhyamik Shiksha Vibhaag) have introduced short affiliation span for schools. As per this simplified affiliation method, the school can get the UP Board affiliation within 90 days (3 months). These affiliations will be for UP Board class X and XII.Earlier, the affiliation time was very long and so were the procedures. The school authorities were required to run for several months for getting themselves affiliated with the UP Board Secondary and Senior Secondary classes.The newly introduced method for affiliations also consists of the procedure to file the affiliation forms online. Hence, the school authorities will now be able to register themselves with the UP Board affiliation by logging on the UP Board website.The new proposal also assures that the department-based proceedings would be completed within 60 days of the registration. These department-based proceedings are associated with the verification of District Inspector Of Schools ( DIOS), Joint-Director Education and other members of affiliation committee.Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Secretary, Upendra Kumar informed that nearly 600 applications for affiliations are under consideration by the affiliation committee. 250 are under the inquiry of Joint Director (JD). He added that this new affiliation method will be applicable to all the schools which are under consideration and will apply for affiliation in future as well. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027887", "title": "Nitin Gadkari busy consulting legal experts, calls off meeting with Karnataka leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: After his decision to skip election rallies in Himachal Pradesh, cornered BJP chief Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday cancelled his meeting with state leaders of poll-bound Karnataka where former CM B S Yeddyurappa is threatening to lead a breakaway BJP faction into the elections. Gadkari instead announced that he had asked leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley and party general secretary Dharmendra Pradhan to meet the state leaders and review the political situation there.In a statement, the party said Gadkari was busy in consultation with legal experts in Mumbai and Nagpur. The party chief has threatened to take legal action against media groups for reporting about alleged money laundering by his companies.Gadkari had called Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar and BJP state unit chief K S Eshwarappa to Delhi to discuss and review the political situation in the state.Despite several overtures to Yeddyurappa, the former Karnataka CM is adamant on forming his own political party on December 10. He had earlier refused to meet Jaitley when the senior BJP leader visited Bangalore to pacify him. Yeddyurappa has openly stated that he has lost faith in the central leadership.Shortly after Gadkari faced charges of dubious funding of his company, Yeddyurappa had told reporters that the BJP chief should introspect. Gadkari had asked Yeddyurappa to step down from the chief minister's post when he was indicted by the Karnataka Lokayukta in a graft case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026825", "title": "Corporations need permission for pruning", "text": "NEW DELHI: The municipal corporations can no longer carry out pruning in the city without permission from the forest department. The department has also put a condition: only those trees will be considered for pruning that have the mandatory 6ft x 6ft space, or as much deemed necessary, left around them.In a meeting, chaired by the conservator of forests, with horticulture officials from civic agencies, four committees were set up to formulate guidelines on de-tiling, tree census, pruning and survival of new plantations. The committees have been given time till after Diwali to submit their proposals.\"It recently came to our notice that the civic agencies were carrying out pruning without permission from the forest department. There was some misconception that if light pruning was to be carried out, the forest department did not have to be consulted. That is not the case. The horticulture departments have assured us they will stop pruning altogether. They will apply to us only for trees where pruning is necessary, and we will carry out inspection before allowing it,\" said A K Shukla, conservator of forests, Delhi.With these rules, the department hopes to tackle both illegal pruning and cementing around trees, which are against the urban development ministry guidelines. Sources said despite several reminders to the corporations for carrying out de-tiling around trees, no action had been taken, and in fact, no care was being taken to ensure that cementing was not done around trees under new projects. \"The horticulture departments said they have been writing to their engineering wing responsible for this work. We have asked them to submit proof that such letters have in fact been written, and if we are satisfied that they did not respond, we will have a meeting with the engineering department and UD ministry,\" said an official.The issue of a citywide tree census was also discussed. Shukla said after the success of the tree census at Sarvodaya Enclave, plans were afoot for a similar exercise across the city with the help of RWAs. \"The committee concerned will chalk out an action plan. We need the census to get a realistic idea of the city's greens, their numbers, etc,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026434", "title": "Centre to give 1,920 crore for Trans-Harbour linkShot in the arm for MTHL", "text": "MUMBAI: The 22-km Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link (MTHL) -a 22 km sea link proposed between Sewri in south Mumbai and Nhava in Navi Mumbai near Panvel-has got a much- needed boost.On Tuesday, the Union finance ministry agreed to extend 20% (Rs 1,920 crore) of the total project cost, which is pegged at around Rs 9,600 crore. The state government has already promised to fund another 20% while the remaining amount 60 per cent would have to be brought in by the developer who wins the bid.\"The Union government has also accepted the 35-year term for the developer to construct and earn his investment in the project,\" Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) chief Rahul Asthana told TOI from New Delhi soon after he met the empowered committee of the ministry of economic affairs. \"Empowered Institution of Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance , on Tuesday agreed, in principle, to grant its share of funds for MTHL Project which is set to change the way people traveled in and out of the city of Mumbai.This is considered a crucial step forward to construct the 22 km long sea bridge which will pave way for the development of Navi Mumbai and Raigad and bring Pune and Goa closer,\" said an MMRDA official.The project, also known as Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL), promises to decongest traffic and localities of Mumbai as people will think of shifting their bases towards Navi Mumbai and Raigad due to their proximity to South Mumbai. Once the link is built it will bring mainland and peninsular Mumbai much closer. With this approval, international bidding of the project to appoint developer will take place soon. The project will require four to five years for construction.According to planners, the 22 km link will have dispersals from Sewri to Worli (east-west connector) on the Mumbai-end and from Chirle on the Nhava-end to Goa and Pune highways on the mainland side.On the Mumbai side, the traffic dispersal has been envisaged through the Eastern Freeway (Colaba and Wadala) and from Acharya Dhonde Marg (for West-bound traffic). An elevated East-West corridor is proposed from Sewri (P D'Mello Road) to Worli. (connection to the Bandra Worli Sea Link and proposed Western Freeway Sea Link). The length of this corridor is about 4 kms.MMRDA's expert panel has already shortlisted five eligible consortiums to develop the Mumbai Trans Harbour Link Project which are; CINTRA-SOMA-SREI Consortium, Gammon Infrastructure Projects Ltd-OHL, Concessions-G.S. Engineering Consortium, GMR Infrastructure Ltd- L&T; Ltd - Samsung C&T; Corpn. Consortium, IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd. - Hyundai Consortium, The Tata Realty and Infrastructure Ltd. - Autostrade Indian Infrastructure Development Pvt. Ltd. - Vinci Concessions Development V Pte Ltd. Consortium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026789", "title": "Delhi dressed up for Halloween", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dip in mercury levels isn't the only reason behind chills in the capital. With Halloween on Wednesday, the spirit of all things spooky is strong among people, age no bar. Whether they're events at restaurants, private Halloween-themed parties, or costumes and props for adults and children, scary seems to be the way to go.That no theory on the origin of the festival mentions any link to our country doesn't seem to deter people here, whose eagerness to participate increases with each year. \"People travel a lot these days and are well versed with international concepts. Halloween is a fun celebration, and with the volume of queries that flood in prior to the festival, we cannot afford to stay away from the bash!\" says Priyank Sukhija, owner, cafe 1 Boulevard, who has planned a haunted mansion event.Recognizing a demand for Halloween celebrations, Gagan Kapur of restaurant Buzz says this year they're having an event for the first time. \"We received many calls last year, and enquiries began a month back this year as well. We cannot disappoint customers so we decided to go for it,\" he says, adding, they're playing with decor and costumes to create the perfect Halloween.Apart from a DJ, their Halloween party will include a masquerade costume ball, pumpkin patches, and a face painter. At restaurant Verve, too, Halloween costumes are the theme of the event, bringing a need for the most frightening attire. Many speciality stores in the capital have stocked up on merchandise for Halloween such as Fast Turtle, which has accessories like horrific nails, dragon costumes, and pumpkin costumes. \"People of all ages buy them. Even adults, who take them for the wild Halloween parties,\" says Zarine Batra, owner of Fast Turtle.This year will also be the first Delhi Halloween at a warehouse - a grungy, industrial looking space, the Warehouse at Olive, Mehrauli. \"DJ San, who plays wearing an LED mask, will perform and there will be a visual artist who will be using scary visuals to create illusions, along with dancer wearing a glow-in-the-dark body suit,\" says Mansi Bansal, assistant manager, events, Olive.While people go all out to attend such parties, many spare no effort in organizing their own private Halloween events, most popularly birthday parties for kids. \"In the three days before Halloween, I will bake about 15 spooky cakes a day for Halloween themed birthdays. With more awareness, the demand is also growing. I've done topsy-turvy haunted mansion cakes, scary pumpkin cakes, a two or three tiered one with a haunted house, skeletons, pumpkins, and bones,\" says Deepika Khaitan, who bakes cakes on order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17027033", "title": "Farmers tricked: Mahapanchayat leader", "text": "Why was this mahapanchayat organized?We invited farmers from all districts of Haryana to protest against the way the present government (Congress) as well as the previous one (INLD) tricked the poor farmers into selling their land. While earlier too we have staged many protests on the same issue, including blocking the highway for hours together. However we have not got any attention since we did not have a person like Arvind Kejriwal to share the stage. But now we hope we will be heard by those against whom we are protesting.Since when have you been fighting this issue?It all started in August 2004 when the then chief minister Om Prakash Chautala's government issued a notice to acquire 912 acres of land in Manesar. Apart from the farm land, there were many houses that were being acquired and we asked the government to exclude these houses, but nothing changed. In the meanwhile the government changed and the Congress came to power. In August 2005, the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government issued a notice under section six of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894 and the process to acquire 688 acres of land began. Meanwhile the private builders approached the farmers and at gun point started buying land from them at Rs 25 lakh per acre. However in August 2007, the government issued a notice under section nine of the same act and the builders had to shell out Rs 1.5 crore per acre.What is your present demand?We want that those farmers who sold their land between August 2005 and August 2007 at Rs 25 lakh per acre should be compensated and should be paid Rs 1.5 crore. There is a clear nexus between the state government and the private builders like DLF and Unitech. First they did not act when the farmers were being cheated by these developers. But when majority of the land of sold at throwaway prices, it suddenly intervened and raised the selling price of the same land.What is the next step?A case is already going on in the Punjab and Haryana high court regarding the same issue. The next hearing is on December 13 and we hope the court ruling will be in our favour.There does not seem to be unity among the farmers. There were voices of dissent heard today?A - There is unity among us. The ones who tried to disrupt the gathering today were members of local Congress MLA's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028133", "title": "From Feb 24, use public toilets for free, says mayor", "text": "CHENNAI: Soon, the city corporation will stop charging users of public toilets, community halls and marriage halls in Chennai. Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy on Tuesday said the civic body has decided to get revenue from advertisers who want to put up billboards at toilets.Duraisamy said this would come into effect in February. \"We will make these public conveniences free from February 24, which is the birthday of our chief minister,\" he said.Chennai Corporation recently announced that 2,000 new public toilets will be constructed across the city. A senior corporation official said: \"We have asked firms to generate revenue from advertisements. According to the plan, the pre-fabricated toilets made of high-density polyethylene or polycarbonate sheet will be installed on a build-operate-transfer basis. The tender makes it mandatory for firms setting up the toilets to maintain them for 20 years. The existing brick-and-mortar public toilets will be phased out,\" he said.However, many of the existing 714 toilets in the city are in a bad shape. There have been complaints about lack of toilets on arterial roads. The civic body had decided to construct 5,000 public toilets across the city but the number was reduced because of the poor response from contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17031294", "title": "Draft of ECCE policy gives primacy to early childhood learning", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has batted for evolving a national policy aimed at promoting optimal development and active learning capacity of all children below the age of six years in the country.The draft of the proposed Early Childhood Care and Education (ECCE) Policy came up for discussion here at a gathering of eminent child experts, policy makers, senior government officials from Child Development and Education departments and representatives from non-government sector.Addressing the gathering, Woman and Child Development minister Krishna Tirath said the major planks of the draft policy are universal access, equity and quality and strengthening capacity building.She emphasised that the provisions of the policy will be governed by a strong quality framework.The policy seeks to universalise the provisions of ECCE for all children mainly through Integrated Child Development Services, which has a network in all nooks and corners of the country.Special plans will be developed for the most marginalised and vulnerable groups besides repositioning of anganwadi centre (AWC) as a vibrant child-friendly centre with adequate infrastructure, financial and human resources.The recommendations of the day-long consultation included creation of a conducive environment for private sector involvement to achieve access, quality and equity, espousing an approach of convergence between policy, curriculum, training and other relevant standards and strengthening of institutional capacity building.It also called for closely working with the Human Resource Development Ministry to address the specific problems of the disabled and linking of early childhood education with Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027370", "title": "Congress to seek Centre's help over assistance to mining-affected: Reddy", "text": "PANAJI: AICC general secretary and Goa in-charge Sudhakar Reddy on Tuesday said that the Congress is ready to use its good offices to get whatever assistance it can, to help the mining-affected people in Goa.Briefing the media on the sidelines after a Congress convention here, Reddy echoed the sentiments of his partymen in Goa saying that Congress was always in support of legal mining in the state. He said legal mining should start on humanitarian grounds considering the adverse impact it is having on the people from the mining belt. He said the Congress would try and get the Centre to assist the mining-affected people of Goa, but did not elaborate.Reddy took exception at the various statements of Goa chief minister, who he said was \"popularly known as the U-turn chief minister\". Reddy said that despite Parrikar's claims of being pro-people, he had raised taxes, the water tariff and VAT. Reddy also said that after promising to push the ofshore casinos out to sea, he was not patronizing them.Reddy said that as chairman of the PAC, Parrikar had alleged that illegal mining in Goa was of the order of 27,000 crore. But as chief minister, he declared in the legislative assembly that there is no illegal mining in Goa. Then after the Shah Commission report was out, Parrikar claimed that he had stopped illegal mining in Goa, Reddy said.The Goa Congress in-charge said that the Goa chief minister should stop the blame-game and concentrate on sorting out the problems afflicting the state.Reddy said that part of his task in coming to Goa is to invite Congress-elected representatives and senior party functionaries, on behalf of the AICC, to a massive rally and public meeting at Ram Leela grounds, Delhi, on November 4. The aim of the rally and meeting is to highlight the achievements of the UPA government, including the recent progressive reforms and also to give a befitting reply to the opposition parties' misinformation campaign, Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027949", "title": "How will you protect elephants, HC asks govt", "text": "BANGALORE: Lack of measures to prevent elephant deaths due to illegal electrical fencing in core forest areas has irked the high court.A division bench presided by Chief Justice Vikramjit Sen on Tuesday noted that the central and state governments have been passing the buck over the issue for four years. The bench gave the governments their last chance to file replies to the recommendations made by the high court-appointed task force committee (TFC) in three weeks.\"Nowhere in the world are elephants worshipped as they are in India and here we see the largest casualty of these animals,\" observed Justice Sen.The court also suggested to the forest department to consider permitting farmers and resort owners to use only minimum voltage in electrical fencing. The government lawyer said the department is working towards implementing the TFC recommendations; he said there has been a delay due to some practical difficulties.The lawyers for TFC told the court that the forest department has time and again failed to take appropriate action against the violators, 'which has lead to minimal convictions' in such cases. The TFC report was submitted to the court last month. It was filed in response to a directive in a suo motu PIL registered in 2008 following reports of elephant deaths in the state.Reprieve for DVS and wifeJustice Nagmohan Das on Tuesday exempted former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and wife Datty Sadananda from appearing in person at the Lokayukta court till further hearing. Earlier, a vacation judge had exempted the couple from hearing on October 31. The case relates to a private complaint alleging illegal construction on government land and site allotment under G-category in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17026043", "title": "UK start-ups eye India in ICT space", "text": "BANGALORE: Joshua Abner Cooper lists out devices that squander lots of energy in the form of heat. \"Do you know how much your cup of tea costs,\" he asks. Well, it's not about the money, but saving every watt to kiss that big electricity bill good-bye.Cooper's firm in the UK, called Hildebrand Technology, has designed a palm-sized metering device, Energyhive, that delivers real-time monitoring of home energy consumption through a web browser. \"Studies show you can save 20% on your electricity bill when you can monitor your actual consumption in real-time. The motivation is to better your neighbour's energy performance,\" he says.A sensor jaw, a compatible electricity monitor, is plugged to your electricity supply that, in turn, is connected to a transmitter which sends a signal every six seconds to the monitor. Energyhive gets the readings via unique IP address showing the amount of electricity consumed by each household.\"The transmission and distribution loss is huge in India. Small energy savings make a huge impact in taking away the load from the grid,\" he says. Cooper wants to bring this pocket gadget to India. It costs 29 pounds (Rs 2, 494) in the UK. \"We will price it attractively here,\" says Cooper.Hildebrand Technology is among the clutch of technology companies wanting to set up shop in the country. With India taking the global stage as an IT/ITeS hub poised to become a $200 bn industry by 2020, UK-based firms are leveraging on the local ecosystem to explore business opportunities. Jonathan Harding, COO of UK Trade and Investment (UKTI), said the ties between the two countries have moved away from outsourcing opportunities to tieups in the ICT sector.Home-grown Indian companies such as Infosys , TCS, HCL and Wipro have predominantly been in the services space in the UK. \"India has had a head start in IT services, but we are making software developers more efficient with their databases and coding,\" said Nick Wood , head of operations of Red Gate Software. The Cambridge-based company develops tools for software developers to manage their database and improve their code. Red Gate, which counts on Pentagon and Google as its clients, is looking to tap opportunities locally.London-headquartered TechHub, which provides shared workspaces for start-ups, sees Bangalore as a gateway to India with a vibrant ecosystem in the city. TechHub is a community that offers permanent desks for resident start-ups and drop-by desks for annual members for a fee. \"We had companies who were coding away in their bedrooms, now they have a desk for themselves. Some may have a great technology, but a terrible business plan. But by virtue of being a part of the TechHub, they get access to the full spectrum of the ecosystem including investors,\" said Elizabeth Varley, CEO of TechHub. \"We are looking at 4 new sites in Europe and potentially India,\" she added.\"The Silicon Valley has found a way to connect mentors there and entrepreneurs in India. We need visible examples of these in the UK,\" said Ravi Gururaj, VP- products, Cloud Platforms Group in Citrix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17028722", "title": "Snake bite victim dies at VSS hospital", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Non-availability of anti-venom drug at the VSS Medical College and Hospital, Burla, reportedly caused the death of a senior officer of a Delhi-based NGO on Monday. VSS authorities, however, rubbished the allegation. Police registered a case and handed over the body to relatives after autopsy.The officer, Manoj Kandher of Nagpali village in Bargarh's Attabira police station area, had gone to his native village during the puja vacation. Police sources said Kandher was bitten by a snake near a canal in the village on Monday. He was first taken to a nearby hospital but was later shifted to VSS in the evening as his condition deteriorated. The villagers alleged that treatment was delayed due to want of anti-venom injection and he died.However, hospital superintendent L K Das refuted such allegation. \"Anti-venom injections are always available with us. And in case of emergency, or when it is out of stock, we immediately purchase them from local market. There might be some other reason behind the death,\" Das said on Tuesday.Kandher held a senior post in Population Foundation of India (PFI), New Delhi. It is a national NGO working towards policy advocacy and research on population issues. He is survived by wife and a five-year-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027127", "title": "Valmiki Pratibha sets a landmark", "text": "KOLKATA: In today's fleeting age, where even the most high-profile movie is forgotten after the first week, it's not easy for a play to complete 50 shows. Valmiki Pratibha, Tagore's immortal creation famously performed by inmates from prisons across the state, was staged for the 50th time on Tuesday evening. It is a rare landmark that is being touted as unparalleled in the history of prisons in the world.What started as an experiment in culture therapy for hardened criminals reached a climax as lifers performed for the public and convinced them that they were artists too in their own right. At the centre of this high-voltage production was Nigel Akara, a former convict, who played the role of Valmiki, the dacoit Ratnakar-turned-sage. And like each time in the past, parallels were drawn and he earned the sobriquet of a real-life Valmiki.Akara has now been acquitted, but in 2007, when the experiment started, he was a dreaded inmate with at least 18 charges. The unbelievable transformation, he says, he owes to music, that came to him like manna from heaven and awakened deep spiritual insights. The 35 other inmates who perform the play are still serving their sentences. Danseuse Alokananda Roy, who designed the production, gives them separate taalims. But when they come perform together, not a single beat is missed, not a single lip moves unsynchronised with the music.On Tuesday, Valmiki Pratibha was staged for the entire BSF family in the city. Incidentally, the additional director general of BSF (headquarters), B D Sharma, is also one of the architects of Valmiki Pratibha. During his earlier stint with the state police department, he, along with Roy, decided to try culture therapy on hardened criminals. The experiment perhaps stunned the civil society and reminded all of us of the legendary V Shantaram film, 'Do Aankhe Barah Haath',when it was decided that the team of 36 inmates, including Nigel, would leave the jail and travel with their performance. The team toured cities across the country, only to come back to the jails safe and sound. No one tried to break rules or misuse the freedom or prestige they were accorded.\"The musical is like our life breath. While we perform and even when we rehearse, we forget that we are otherwise shunned by the society. When the audience applauds, it shuts out all the negativity that is now a part of our lives,\" said Krishna Das, an inmate of Alipore jail.Ashit Ghosh (38) has performed in all the 50 shows. \"You cannot imagine how proud we are today. Who ever thought that criminals like us can also perform in respectable shows such as this?\" his voice quivered. The inmates miss Nigel, while practising their parts. The six-foot-something, well-built actor stole many hearts with the film 'Muktodhara'.\"Nigel is a rare gem. The production might have helped transform him, but I have benefitted the most. Nigel and all my children here have helped me get a new perspective in life,\" said Alokananda Roy.B D Sharma continues to be closely associated with the culture therapy in prisons. \"Nigel is a success story, but we cannot stop at that. We need to create many more Nigels from jails. We will soon start another new musical, Ashoka, and hope to find another protagonist, who will awaken to a new realisation,\" he said. The performers cut a cake to put a sweet ending to their landmark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026699", "title": "President regains lead over Mitt Romney, says poll", "text": "President Barack Obama has recaptured a narrow national lead over Republican rival Mitt Romney , getting increased support from women and an edge in early voting. A new POLITICO/George Washington University Battleground Tracking Poll of 1,000 likely voters shows Obama ahead of Romney by 1 percentage point, 49% to 48% nationally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17026342", "title": "Don't behave like a khap panchayat, Karnataka HC tells Army", "text": "BANGALORE: A bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen of the Karnataka high court on Tuesday compared the Army to a khap panchayat for blocking a young officer's bid to marry a 29-year-old Sri Lankan woman he's in love with.Major Vikas Kumar's dreams of marrying the Bangalore-based 29-year old Sri Lankan student hit a roadblock with the Army ordering an investigation into \"the purpose behind him coming in contact with a foreign national\". In response to his plea to quit since service rules bar officers from marrying foreigners, his commanders refused to relieve him, citing a severe staff crunch. The signals corps officer then went to court.A division bench presided over by Chief Justice Sen Tuesday reserved judgment on an appeal filed by the Union government challenging an order of a single judge bench which had ruled in Maj. Kumar's favour.Displeased with the arguments of the government counsel, Justice Sen observed: \"This is not a khap panchayat, this is the Army.\" He also said, \"We can't understand the Army's stand at all. This is most unfortunate for the man. One of India's Presidents, also the commander-in-chief of the armed forces, was married to a foreigner.\" (A reference to K R Narayanan who was married to Ma Tint Tint of Myanmarese origin).Maj Kumar won round one of the legal battle this June. A single judge of the high court ruled in his favour saying, \"The Army can't refuse his request for release from the services since he wants to marry a foreign national.\" The Union government challenged the order in the division bench.The government counsel argued, \"We have ordered an investigation to find out under what circumstances and for what purpose he has come in contact with a foreign national. Also, his regiment is severely short-staffed, so we cannot relieve him.\"Maj. Kumar's advocate told the court he filed his second petition after the single judge's order had been pending with the Army for about four months. \"As per the rules, you were expected to decide the application within 120 days either saying Yes or No. Such an inquiry ordered by you is an unknown law,\" said Justice Sen.Case snapshot* Maj. Vikas Kumar joined the Army in 2000 and underwent a BE course sponsored by the Army* He's with the Corps of Signals in the northeast India* On June 29, 2011, Vikas Kumar filed an application seeking release from the services saying he wanted to marry a foreign national unwilling to give up her nationality* Application rejected it saying 'it was incomplete'* Maj Kumar challenged the order in the high court, where a single judge ruled in his favour* Union government challenged the order in the division bench", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17027790", "title": "BJP rubbishes land grab charge against CT Ravi", "text": "Mangalore: BJP district committee has condemned Congress leader and former MLA Vijayakumar Shetty's allegations against district in-charge minister CT Ravi.Vijayakumar had alleged that Ravi had acquired 150 acres of forest land near Marle village in Chikmagalur district illegally.MLC and BJP spokesperson Monappa Bhandary told reporters that Vijaykumar's allegations against Ravi are childish.\"Vijayakumar Shetty, who has been sidelined in Congress has made allegation only to secure a seat in the upcoming election. Neither Ravi, nor BJP is afraid of the Congress leader's threat of holding black flag protest against Ravi. Let Vijayakumar Shetty keep in mind a fact that BJP has the experience of holding and countering protests,\" Bhandary said.He also dared AICC president Sonia Gandhi to make public the detailed accounts on all scams including 2G spectrum, Commonwealth Games , Coalgate, Adarsh Society, rice import and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17025535", "title": "Dileep dazzles in decathlon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Decathlete K Dileep Kumar of Andhra Pradesh sizzled on a day when six national records were set in the 28th National Junior Track &amp; Field championship at the Guru Gobind Singh Sports College.The penultimate day also proved fruitful for the Kerala athletes who overtook defending champions Haryana on the points table. Last year's runners-up won six gold medals on Tuesday to regain the lead in the championship with 409 points. Haryana (345) will need a great final day to retain the title.Dileep Kumar became the first junior decathlete to cross 7000 points. Dileep, who trains at Pune's Army Sports Institute, finished with 7020 points, erasing Brameshwar Nath's 12-year-old mark of 6866 points.UP's Nisha Yadav started the record spree with a throw of 54.39m in youth girls' hammer throw. The previous record-holder, Bhawana of Haryana, finished third while Himachal Pradesh's Deepa Kumari claimed the silver. A couple of records came in the 2000m steeplechase. In the recently-introduced event for junior girls, Kerala's CL Aswathi won with a time of 7:33.87, while local girl Parul Chaudhary showed her experience to win the event in youth division in a much improved 7:06.49.Tamil Nadu sprinter MS Arun took the honours in the 200m for boys u-16, clocking 22.30 secs, while Dutee Chand claimed the top honours in youth girls (24.31). She had sunk the national mark in the heats with an effort of 24.28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027553", "title": "HC pulls up Vitthal Radadia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Porbandar Congress MP Vitthal Radadia may have won over the complainant in his gun brandishing act, but he got a rap from the Gujarat high court (HC) on Tuesday when Justice R H Shukla remarked that it was very unfortunate that a people's representative behaves in such a manner.Justice Shukla criticized Radadia's gesture while he was hearing the parliamentarian's petition demanding to quash the FIR lodged against him by Ajaysinh Thakore, manager of the toll plaza where Radadia had brandished his double-barrel shotgun on October 12. \"It is very unfortunate that a person with a special stature of MP, a law maker, behaves in such a way, publicly brandishing his gun,\" the judge said.The court commented this when Radadia's counsel Prakash Thakkar argued that Radadia was carrying weapon for self-defence of which he holds a license. The judge said that even the licence to carry a gun did not mean he was free to threaten ordinary people. \"Why not investigation should be allowed that can give a message for such kind of behaviour?\" the court asked.Radadia sought quashing of the FIR against him on the ground that the issue between him and the complainant had been amicably solved, and permitting investigation and trial in this case could be a futile exercise. The complainant's lawyer also made a statement that he did not wish to pursue the FIR.However, the state government objected to this proposal and submitted before the court that it would pursue the case because Radadia's gesture was \"unbecoming\" of a responsible public servant. Government pleader Prakash Jani argued that a law maker is required to set high standards of behaviour among people. The proposal from the complainant that he would not press the FIR reflects how the MP exerts pressure to subvert the procedure. Hence the court should not entertain Radadia's petition.After this preliminary hearing, the court kept further proceeding on Monday.Radadia was earlier denied anticipatory bail by a local court in Vadodara. He was caught on CCTV camera brandishing his gun at employees of a toll booth near Karjan in Vadodara district. Radadia allegedly became aggressive when his driver was asked to furnish the MP's identity card to waive toll tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028182", "title": "Govt seeks to take control of Nithyananda\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s ashram", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has issued a notice to self-styled godman Nithyananda's Dhyanapeetam (ashram) in Tiruvannamalai to bring it under its control. The move comes in the wake of a petition filed by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department in a Madurai court seeking control of the Madurai Adheenam and the high drama that ended in the godman being stripped of the title of junior pontiff of the mutt.The Tiruvannamalai HR&CE; joint commissioner issued the notice to the ashram authorities recently. \"Following various allegations against the ashram, the government wants to bring it under its ambit using Section 59 of the HR&CE; Act,\" said an official. The section empowers the government to bring any ashram or mutt under its control to monitor all financial and asset dealings and ensure submission of annual accounts to the HR&CE; commissioner. This is the first time such a notice has been issued. \"The ashram has collected donations and the notice seeks to bring the ashram under state purview,\" said the official. The ashram has sought 15 days' time to reply.Efforts to reach ashram authorities failed. The ashram, started by Nithyananda in 2006, is located near the Tiruvannamalai temple. The 2.5-acre land, on the base of a hill, was donated by Bhanu Nainar to Nithyananda, a native of Tiruvannamalai, who was earlier Rajasekar.\"It used to be agricultural land but later became barren. Bhanu Nainar donated the land as Nithyananda wanted to start a branch of his ashram in his native place,\" said Sethu, a photojournalist based in Tiruvannamalai.Nithyananda visits the ashram often and delivers lectures and conducts meditation class, said Sethu. The Tiruvannamalai ashram has prayer, meditation and dining halls besides rooms for visitors to stay.The headquarters of Dhyanapeetam is situated in Bidadi, near Bangalore and cases have been filed against this ashram by the Karnataka government.The HR&CE; department had filed a petition in a Madurai court seeking to take control of the Madurai Adheenam after protests broke out over Nithyananda's anointment as successor to Arunagirinathar Desikar, the present head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17028263", "title": "PMO prods Centre to scan 17 irrigation projects in state", "text": "MUMBAI: Pushed by the Prime Minister's Office, the Union water resources ministry wants the Maharashtra government to account for 17 irrigation projects worth over Rs 28,000 crore \"immediately'' . These projects are partly funded by the Centre. Sources said the PMO had taken an \"extremely serious'' view, considering that many of these projects are located in distressed and droughtprone regions of Maharashtra.High-level sources said the Centre has sent a letter to all the five irrigation corporations of the state, seeking details of the projects, names of contractors and the status of the work. The Gosikhurd National Irrigation Project in Vidarbha, whose cost shot up from Rs 372 crore to Rs 7,777 crore, will also be scrutinized. \"The Centre's directive is unusual because this is the first time it has sought such in-depth information,'' they said.TOI has also learned that a Central Vigilance Commission team collected data from the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation HQ in Nagpur a few days ago. Sources said the CVC's inquiry could be a precursor to a much larger CBI probe in the future.The move is the latest fallout of the mega irrigation scam, exposed through a series of TOIreports over the past six months. The exposes led to the resignation , last month, of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who headed the state water resources department between 1999 and 2010. TOI's investigations revealed that as much as Rs 35,000 crore could have been siphoned off by a politician-bureaucrat-contractor nexus on dud irrigation projects.The Central Water Commission has asked for information on contracts, expenses and irrigation potential created under the acclerated irrigation benefit programme (AIBP).Money down the drain? PMO Pushes For Info On:Gosikhurd | Bawanthadi | Lower Wardha | Khadakpurna | Bembla | Lower Pedhi | Upper Penganga | Lower Dudhana | Nandur Madhmeshwar | Warna | Sangola branch canal | Tarali | Dhom Balakwadi | Krishna Koyna lift | Waghur | Punad | Tillari", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028359", "title": "Wedding crashers who spoil the fun", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As they all say \"marriages are made in heaven\"; those twinkling lights, a mish-mash of things, colourful gatherings, sumptuous decorations and the delicious bowls of \"ladoos\" and \"mithai\" make for a very splendid occasion. However, some recent goings-on are contrary to this air of beatitude.Hurried footfalls slam shut behind a door, once and then twice!! \"Who was this?\" asks a well-dressed woman to her good friend. \"Who cares, let's have a drink\", and off they go to mingle and celebrate with their friends and family. Hours go by and then, one after the other, families bid au revoir (farewell) to every other, and the celebrations are over.\"Oh my God!!\" Cash, jewellery and \"shagun ke lifaafe\" all gone!! Who took these? Blame the gang of juveniles which goes to the extent of mixing with the families in a way that no one could term them strangers to the party. In recent happenings, the gang made away with bags loaded with valuables, even in broad daylight, and nobody could spot them since everyone was so busy in lively chitchats. A resident of Sector 40, Bhagwan Dass, alleged that on October 29, a child climbed up to the first floor of his house and took away a bag containing jewellery valued Rs 4 lakh, saying that the groom's family was asking for it. \"I thought the groom's family had sent the boy,\" remarked Dass, who appeared bewildered. Not only this, Sudhir Singla of Sector 21 also fell prey to such an incident. He complained to police that a juvenile became so friendly with the family and then quietly escaped with a bag containing gold ornaments, on October 26. Nearly 10 such incidents have been reported so far in just eight days.In one case reported at the community centre in Sector 8, juveniles took advantage of a minor argument between relatives of bride and the groom, and took away a bag of valuables from the bride's father on October 27. SP (east) Vijay Kumar advised people to remain cautious and keep belongings with them at all times. \"No one should carry the valuables expect the family,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027126", "title": "At 125, Sukumar still every kid's best friend", "text": "KOLKATA: How old is 125 years? Not too old if the man in question is Sukumar Ray. Age and ageing elude some people and Ray was definitely one of them. Didn't he say quite categorically, \"Will it keep going up? What will I do!\"Ray turned 125 on Tuesday and the king of nonsense rhymes was celebrated with a bang. And the Rabindra Sadan cultural complex reverberated with rhyme and rhythm without which our childhood would have remained incomplete.The two-pronged programme was organised by Mahul, which stands apart from other bands in that it identifies itself as a band that specialises in recitation. A photographic exhibition was organised at the Gaganendra Pradarshashala that showcased rare covers of Ray creations like Abol Tabol, Hajabarala, Pagla Dashu and the like.Family photographs of Ray with his wife and baby son Satyajit drew a lot of crowd. Ray stood out in the age of Tagore not only with his inimitable nonsense rhymes but also with his unmatched illustrations that excited the reader's mind across age groups. A large number of both oft-seen and little known such illustrations were seen at the exhibition that was inaugurated by actor Soumitro Chatterjee.The open-air theatre in the Rabindra Sadan premises was decorated with huge posters of Ray's illustrations from Katukutu Buro, Narod Narod, Danpite, Chhayabaji, Gofchuri, Bhuture Khela and others - creations that still excite the child in each of us. The happiness was evident in every face that had gathered to celebrate his or her childhood.\"...Megher chhaya, chander chhaya onek rokom poonji...,\" Abani chatterjee recited in tune along with the child performers on stage, a kiddish grin on the 60-year-old's face. And there were many like him soaking in the magic of Ray's lyrics. Child performers recited and acted out Ray's poems accompanied by soulful music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17028725", "title": "Red rebel arrested near Rourkela", "text": "ROURKELA: Rourkela police arrested an area commander of CPI (Maoist) during a combing operation in Sundargarh's Tala Ginia area on Tuesday. He is Bipin Kumar Sahani alias Lambu, an area commander of CPI (Maoist) of Bhalulata - Dhiga region. A German-made revolver and three rounds of bullets were recovered from him. Police said the Sahani confessed to his role in the Maoist organization during his interrogation and his involvement in four major Maoist offensives.\"He confessed to his involvement in the Bandamunda railway cabin blast, Bisra Tehesil Office blast and Jareikela police outpost blast cases, all in 2011,\" said SP (Rourkela) Himansu Lal. \"Besides, he was involved in the exchange of fire between police and a team of Maoists at Langalkanta-Mundatolla within K Bolang police limits on June 19, 2012,\" Lal said. \"He was also part of the Red rebel team that exchanged bullets with police in Jharbeda forest within Bisra police limits on February 11, 2011,\" Lal added.Three Maoist cadres, Salkhan Oram, Daharu Munda and Purti alias Pui, had been arrested during the Langalkanta - Mundatolla encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030285", "title": "Yash Chopra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dream song to be used in the end-titles", "text": "The romantic magician Yash Chopra's dream won't go to waste. The title song of Jab Tak Hai Jaan which was to be shot by the pasha of romance in Switzerland , would now be used in the end-titles.The decision was taken at a flash-meeting held at the Yashraj studios last week immediately after Yashji's chautha where Aditya Chopra met up with the film's lyricist Gulzar .Says a source, \"Gulzar saab felt that the song shouldn't go to waste since it is not only the title song but also very close to Yashji's heart. Although Yashji couldn't shoot the song it was decided that the song would now be used along with the end titles of the film.\"It is also being contemplated that the end-titles would feature visuals showing out-takes and moments during the shooting of the film.\" Jab Tak Hai Jaan is being packaged as a befitting send-off to Yashji,\" says the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17030478", "title": "Four militants killed in factional fight in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Four militants were killed in a factional fight between NSCN-IM and Zekiangrong United Front (ZUF) at Gaddai Hills area in Tamenglong district of Manipur, officials said on Wednesday.There was a gunfight between the NSCN-IM and ZUF that lasted several hours yesterday in which two NSCN-IM and two ZUF militants were killed.Official sources here said Assam Rifles personnel, posted near the Gaddai Hills area, have rushed to the spot.The two militants outfits have been engaged in frequent gunfights resulting in the death of militants of both the outfits in the past few months.While ZUF said they would drive out NSCN-IM from Naga-majority Tamenglong district, NSCN-IM said they would remain citing public support, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17028822", "title": "Civic delay in building plans", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi Municipal Corporation's snail pace in clearing pending applications for building plans has left many in tizzy as the last date for regularizing constructions is November 8.The civic body is sitting on 780 applications for the past two-and-a-half months. \"I submitted the application form as soon as RMC ( Ranchi Municipal Corporation) invited applications. Yet nothing has been done. I come to RMC almost every day. The only reply I get is 'we will let you know when it is done'. I just hope that RMC does not reject my form in a rush as time is running out,\" said Deepak Singh, a businessman.Constructions, which have flouted rules or do not have plan documents, need to be regularized under the Building Regularization Act, 2012. The deputy CEO of RMC, Gopalji Tiwari, had ordered engineers to submit site verification reports by October 26. But the process is yet to begin.A civil contractor said he submitted plans for two projects in Morabadi and Bariatu in September. \"Whenever I visit the corporation, they say it will soon be approved,\" said the contractor, who has applied for relaxation on minor deviations.\"There is a shortage of engineers at RMC, so the sites cannot be verified on time. Also, the town planner is overworked and is thus unable to forward the files in time,\" an RMC engineer said on condition of anonymity.However, Tiwari promised action against engineers who failed to finish work on time. \"Buildings will not be regularized after November 8. If the buildings are not verified and regularised by then, strict action will be taken against those responsible for the delay,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031760", "title": "Sonia maun on Modi, slams BJP for inaction on tainted leaders", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17027991", "title": "Rail users seek track doubling till Kanyakumari", "text": "MADURAI: Members of the divisional railway users consultative committee (DRUCC) unanimously stressed the need for doubling of track between Chennai - Kanyakumari section for the benefit of the southern districts.During the 140th DRUCC meeting held at the Madurai division office on Tuesday, the members held discussions with railway officials on various issues like introduction of new train services, cleanliness and passenger amenities to be provided at stations and in trains. During the meeting, all the DRUCC members unanimously urged for a second line between Chennai and Kanyakumari to enable the railways to operate more train services.Ajai Kant Rastogi, divisional railway manager, Madurai presided over the meeting. Speaking on the occasion, he highlighted the division's earnings, safety measures, provision of various passenger amenities at stations and projects over Madurai division. He stated that Madurai division spent Rs 11 crore for passenger amenities during 2011-12 and this year, an amount of Rs 7.85 crore has been spent so far towards the same.Rastogi also highlighted the additional traffic facilities recently provided at the Madurai Junction station after completion of the yard re-modelling works. \"The new broad gauge section between Dindigul - Palani will be opened soon and work on the Virudunagar - Manamadurai stretch is nearing completion and shall be opened in 2013. The Madurai - Chennai Central Duronto Express will be introduced shortly,\" he said.Rastogi assured the members that all passenger amenity works in progress would be expedited and the demands for new train services, stoppages and their demand on doubling the line between Chennai and Kanyakumari would be sent to the Southern Railway headquarters for submission to the Railway Board.Additional divisional railway manager, V Ajithkumar and senior divisional commercial manager, Govindappa Raj, were also present during the meeting. \"The doubling work between Chennai and Kanyakumari is pivotal for the development of the southern districts and without it, no new trains can be operated because this section is at saturated point,\" said P T K A Balasubramanian, one of the members of DRUCC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "17028245", "title": "Punjab Police clueless about killer-nephews of ex-MLA", "text": "MOGA: Even a day after former Barnala MLA Malkit Singh Keetu was shot dead, police have failed to make any headway in the case or arrested the accused nephews of the deceased.Keetu was shot dead in front of his house in Bilaspur village of Moga district allegedly by his two nephews -- Harpreet Singh and Jaspreet Singh -- on Monday morning.Punjab additional director general police (law and order) S K Sharma, who has been entrusted with the task of inquiring into the killing and arrest of the culprits, told TOI over phone, \"It seems the persons have gone out of state, but police were making earnest efforts to nab them at the earliest\".Meanwhile, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal visited the former MLA's family on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027572", "title": "Health insurance for state govt employees to wait", "text": "HYDERABAD: The launch of the much-touted health insurance scheme for state government employees on November 1 has been put off by the government. Months after the scheme was announced, several issues pertaining to the comprehensive Employees Healthcare Fund (EHF) scheme, which is to offer cashless treatment to all government employees, pensioners and their dependents, are yet to be finalised. Even the premium amount and the implementing authority are yet to be decided.The health and family welfare department had issued a GO 184 on August 14 this year stating that Aarogyasri Health Care Trust (AHCT) will be the initial implementing agency for the scheme for a period of two years. The GO 184 had also stated that \"AHCT will ensure maximum coverage of employees and pensioners through the district collectors and the HoDs concerned, so that EHF can be launched on November 1 in the entire state\". However, some of the employee unions opposed AHCT as the implementing agency and have demanded a separate trust for the employees.Vikram Reddy, general manager (grievances) of AHCT, said that there is no clarity on whether AHCT will implement the scheme. Reddy said that the enrolment of employees had started online but was not sure about its launch. \"\"Even the premium amount has not been finalised yet. Around 125 departments in the state government have been provided with logins so that they can enroll themselves online, but there is no news on its launch,\" said Reddy.The EHF, as per plans, will be jointly funded through a monthly premium contribution by state government employees, including state government pensioners, up to 40% and the government to the extent of 60%. Hanumanth Reddy, president of Secretariat Employees' Association, said that the employee unions have asked for a separate trust since ACHT is meant for BPL population. \"We don't want ACHT as it is meant for BPL population. We want a separate trust called Employees Health Care Trust. Just about a day ago we were given an assurance by the state health department officials that a separate trust would be created for EHF,\" said Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028671", "title": "Mercury dips to month's lowest at 12.7 degrees C", "text": "PUNE: The night temperature in the city dipped noticeably to 12.7 degrees celsius, the lowest recorded so far for the month this season. This was also 3.7 degrees celsius below normal.Over the last one week, the night temperatures remained above normal at 20.6 degrees celsius i.e. 3.2 degrees celsius above normal, on October 24. On Monday, the city had recorded 17.7 degrees celsius, which was 1.3 degrees above normal.The mercury is known to have plummeted to around 12 degrees and further down in the city during October in the last one decade. For instance, 11.2 degrees celsius was recorded on October 29, 2002, and 11.6 degrees celsius on October 25, 2008. Last year, the lowest temperature for the month was 12.6 degrees celsius (October 25). Pune's all-time low for October was 9.4 degrees celsius (October 29, 1968).S B Gaonkar, director and scientist 'E' at the India Meteorological Department (IMD), said, \"The dip in the mercury level is mainly on account of the cold winds coming into the region from the northerly latitudes.\"However, he said the minimum temperature is likely to go up in the next two days under the influence of cyclonic storm 'Nilam', which prevailed over the southwest Bay of Bengal on Tuesday. The system initially developed as a deep depression on October 29 and intensified into a cyclonic storm on Tuesday.Gaonkar said, \"The minimum temperature is expected to go up to 14 degrees by Wednesday and up to 18 degrees by Thursday,\" he added. \"We have forecast a 51% to 75% probability of moderate rain or thundershowers in the next 48 hours under the influence of the cyclonic storm,\" he said.\"The cyclonic system is expected to move northwestwards and cross north Tamil Nadu and south Andhra Pradesh coasts between Nagapattinam and Nellore by the evening of October 31,\" Gaonkar said. \"We expect rainfall at most places in Tamil Nadu and at many places in coastal Andhra Pradesh, Rayalseema, south interior Karnataka and Kerala and at isolated places in Telangana,\" he added.\"This will further have an impact in terms of rain at isolated places in Konkan and Goa and south central Maharashtra belt, between Satara and Kolhapur, which are closer to the area of influence of the storm,\" he added.The IMD has forecast a less than 25% probability of light rain in the city during the next 24 hours. Pune has so far received 144.5 mm of the post-monsoon rain since October 1 that is 62.4 mm more than the normal for the month. While there has been no rain since October 27, the city had received 6.6 mm showers on October 26 and 17.5 mm rain on October 24.Meanwhile, Nashik recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature on Tuesday at 11.2 degrees celsius while Ahmednagar and Malegaon recorded 11.5 and 12 degrees celsius, respectively. Parbhani region recorded 12.5 degrees celsius while Mahabaleshwar and Aurangabad recorded 13.7 and 14.3 degrees celsius, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026633", "title": "Another show of strength by Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NAGPUR: After the city unit of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) organized a rally to receive its party's national president Nitin Gadkari who returned home from New Delhi on Monday, another show of strength is being planned. This time on the sly. The party is making arrangements for a convention of farmers, women and youths to be held at Reshimbagh from noon on Wednesday but for some reason it is also disowning it saying it has nothing to do with the event..A strategy meeting to organize a 'farmers convention' was held last week in Chandrapur, home of state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar, it is reliably learnt. However, when contacted he denied that the party was holding any such event. City BJP president Krishna Khopde also denied that the party had anything to do with the 'farmers, women and youth' convention. He claimed a nondescript 'Sugarcane Farmers Association' was organizing it but admitted he was helping them with arrangements.Reliable sources also informed that the orchestrated 'farmers march' was first planned in west Nagpur and was to culminate in a gathering at Ram Nagar. However, the plan was suddenly changed on Tuesday and the Reshimbagh venue was finalized in the hope that Sangh supporters who mainly reside in that area could be easily herded as captive audience.With the BJP leaders deciding to stay out of the picture, it is not clear who would address the convention. Gadkari himself is scheduled to fly to Mumbai on Wednesday morning where another airport reception like that witnessed by supporters in Nagpur is planned. On Tuesday, Gadkari reportedly consulted veteran lawyer VR Manohar on the legal action he proposes to take against some media groups for alleged defamation while reporting on irregularities in functioning of his Purti group of companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027891", "title": "Council nod for buying land", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP council on Tuesday approved a proposal for purchasing 400 acres of land at Bagepalli in Chikkaballapur district for setting up a plant for scientific disposal of Bangalore's solid waste.The BBMP seeks to purchase the lands through Msrs Bhagirathi Enterprises, the GPA holder, and also from farmers at Rs 6.75 lakh per acre. The cost of this purchase will be adjusted towards the amount reserved in the 2012-13 BBMP budget for solid waste management.The council has authorized the commissioner to place the proposal before the state government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17027478", "title": "Ph D scholar creates stir on campus", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: An Ethiopian research scholar at the Andhra University created a minor stir on campus on Monday evening when he suddenly started pelting stones at passersby near the International Students' hostel, Shivajipalem campus. University officials reached the spot and managed to calm him down. He was later admitted in theWaltair Mental Health Hospital as he was said to be suffering from manic depression.Commenting on the academic future of Demisse, who has done his Masters from JIMMA University, Ethiopia, the AU officials noted that their decision would be based entirely on the doctor's suggestion and hoped that he would get better and get back to pursuing his PhD in Commerce and Management.\"We need to understand that they come here with a lot of hopes and have to cope with an alien culture, resulting in a lot of stress. Sometimes when they have manic tendencies, things go out of hand under stress. However, such incidents are not a common occurrence and contrary to public opinion many of the students of the foreign community have done quite well,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "17027788", "title": "Motive behind trader\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kidnapping shrouded in mystery", "text": "BHAGALPUR: A day after young businessman Chetan Rajhans was recovered within 48 hours of his kidnapping from Jahangira village under the Sultanganj police station area on Monday, the motive behind the kidnapping remains shrouded in mystery.The questions that have baffled the police as well as people are why the kidnappers did not make any demand for ransom, was there any ulterior motive to eliminate Chetan for reasons other than money and whether there are organized gangs operating in Sultanganj, Munger and Hemjapur, the tri-junction where Chetan is said to had been kept captive.According to preliminary investigation made by the police, old enmity with the family could be the reason behind the crime. The investigators did not rule out the possibility of kidnappers planning to eliminate Chetan.Chetan, son of Arun Rajhans and resident of Krishnagarh locality in Sultanganj block, was abducted by four to five men on Saturday night when he was on way to home after downing the shutters of his medical shop. The criminals allegedly took him in a Bolero towards Munger. Chetan's brother Jeevan lodged an FIR in which he named Dablu Mandal, Bablu Mandal, Deepak Mandal, Girija Yadav and Chandan Mandal as the accused. They were also involved in the killing of their cousin Babloo Rajhans, Jeevan alleged in the FIR.The incident had sent shock waves among local citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17027526", "title": "Election Commission asks Gujarat administration to check liquor flow in poll season", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Aiming to check the use of liquor to woo voters, the Election Commission (EC) has asked the Gujarat administration to take stringent measures to stop the inflow of alcohol into the state.It is a well known fact that despite being a dry state, smuggled liquor is readily available in Gujarat. During its visit to the state on Monday, the EC led by Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) V S Sampath had held review meetings with state officials on poll preparedness.Sources said that while the EC was satisfied with the preparedness, it expressed concern over smuggling of liquor into the state, particularly from the south. The concern was aired in the backdrop of the major haul of liquor made a few days back in Panchmahal district, in which the authorities seized Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) worth more than Rs 1 crore.Sources said that in a few days, the officials from the home department will be holding talks with their counterparts from Daman administration to work out a strategy to check the smuggling from the Union Territory.Sources said that the home department has assured the EC that various steps are being taken to check the menace. With eight check posts already in place at major roads leading to Gujarat from the neighbouring states of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, four more mobile check posts are being added.Also, law enforcing agencies have been asked to maintain a watch on active bootleggers in various districts of the state. \"The idea is to prevent major consignments from getting into the state. We have sought details of people who have been involved in liquor smuggling. It is not the issue of seeking votes but the fact that consumption of liquor leads to an increase in incidents of crime,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027552", "title": "2014 polls the trigger for Cabinet rejig: Advani", "text": "INDORE: Senior BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani on Tuesday said the cabinet reshuffle by the UPA government was not aimed at effective governance, but was done with an eye on 2014 general elections.Criticizing the Union government, he said, \"Cabinet should be reshuffled to make governance more effective. But the recent reshuffle has been done keeping in mind the general elections,\" said the former deputy prime minister while addressing the investors at the Global Investors' Summit here.He said UPA government lacks sincerity to deliver on good governance. \"The reshuffle exercise was all about demoting honest and promoting persons,\" said Advani. The style of governance is discouraging domestic investors to invest in India due to which they are looking at options abroad. \"New Delhi-style of governance has been deterring investors, while the Bhopal-style of governance has been attracting investment,\" he said.Lavishing praise on chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan for having invited business leaders from across the globe to showcase the prospects of investment in the state, Advani said the governance in New Delhi and Bhopal has been in contrast. \" Rajiv Gandhi , who had achieved spectacular success in 1984 elections, surpassing his grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru and mother Indira Gandhi , had to quit prime minister's post after the Bofors scandal,\" said Advani, adding that the present UPA government, despite the magnitude of corruption, refuses to quit.He said, \"Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh do not come under Bimaru category and have been doing well.\" He said that an effective government not only needs to be shrewd, but also sensitive to understand the needs of people of the state.He also said there is a need for a Cinema centre in Madhya Pradesh on the lines of cities like Chennai, Hyderabad and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17027523", "title": "Dumper scam: MPHC reserves order on revision petition", "text": "JABALPUR: Madhya Pradesh high court on Tuesday reserved the order on the criminal revision petition filed against chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan , his wife Sadhna Singh and others in the dumper scam.Ramesh Sahu, a lawyer had filed the petition challenging the order of the special court which had accepted the closure report by Lokayukta police absolving the CM of the charges of misuse of official position for personal gains. There was much suspense and drama outside the courtroom, as the division bench comprising justice Ajay Singh and justice Sanjay Yadav heard the case on admission.The consul for Lokayukta sought more time to be better prepared to assist the court and scan the voluminous records properly. The report, he argued runs into more than 5000 pages and its perusal would take much longer. In its interim order past during the last hearing, the bench had ordered the Lokayukta counsel to keep the court diary ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17025947", "title": "U-25 players pushing seniors", "text": "NAGPUR: For years, Vidarbha failed to cross the crucial hurdles as batsmen faltered more often than not. Thankfully, the tide seems to be turning for the good with the emergence of promising youngsters. With the promise shown by the likes of Gaurav Upadhyaya, Aman Sharma, Apoorv Wankhede and Akshay Kolhar the future of Vidarbha batting looks safe.If the recent showings in the first two matches of Col CK Nayudu Under-25 Trophy are any indication, the Vidarbha cricket is certainly moving in right direction. Unlike in the past, the seniors are now certainly being pushed for the places.The performance of senior Vidarbha batsmen in the Bapuna Cup must have worried the selectors. Both home teams were thrashed by Mumbai and Maharashtra comprehensively, thanks largely to poor batting by the hosts.However, the batting prowess shown by the young guns bodes well ahead of the Ranji season. The under-25 team created history against Saurashtra scoring 733-8\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe highest team total by Vidarbha in BCCI matches. The presence of Cheteshwar Pujara and Jaidev Unadkat didn't daunt the Vidarbha youngsters as they outplayed Saurashtra in their own backyard. Three days later, they scored 486-4 on single day against Goa with Upadhyaya, Sharma and Wankhede scored blazing hundreds. Vidarbha went on to score 644-6 in just 116 overs.\"It's good news for us. If they keep on performing like that, they will certainly get their due. Upadhyaya and Wankhede are already in the team. Aman has been good form. He did extremely well last year with Under-19 team and has started this season well. If he continues like this, who knows where he might end up,\" a Vidarbha Cricket Association official said.Upadhyaya, who despite performing well managed just one game against Kerala last year, has been in great form with both bat and ball this season. His 6-56 against Saurashtra on a flat wicket helped Vidarbha earn three crucial points. The southpaw continued his good allround performance against Goa scoring 224 and taking five wickets.Wankhede started off well last year but was guilty of throwing away the starts. The 21-year-old seems to be making amends this season scoring to back-to-back hundreds against Saurashtra and Goa. If his 123 pushed Saurashtra on backfoot, his 163-ball 165 demoralized Goa. It would be interesting to see whether team management utilizes his good form or not.Sharma has always been an attacking batsman right from his Under-15 days. This year, he has been in magnificent form. Not only he is scoring big but also scoring at a brisk rate. Chairman of junior national selection committee, Chandrakant Pandit, was highly impressed by Sharma's performance against Goa.Kolhar, on the other hand, has been with the team for the last three years but hasn't been able to cement his place. He has started well this season and all he needs to make it big.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027671", "title": "Centre offers troops to UP to check riots", "text": "NEW DELHI: Minister of state for home R P N Singh on Tuesday said the recent riots in Uttar Pradesh were \"unfortunate and disturbing\" and offered Central force reinforcements to help the state government restore law and order in communal violence-hit Faizabad.Singh, who belongs to UP, said though law and order was a state subject, the ministry would try and assist the state government's efforts to restore normalcy.\"If necessary, I will speak to the chief minister...we will see what can be done to help the state government,\" he told reporters soon after assuming charge as minister of state for home here.Nine people, including two policemen, were injured in violence that broke out during the immersion of Durga idols in Faizabad on October 24. Several incidents of communal violence have been reported across UP since the SP government came to power last year. The affected areas include Bareilly, Mathura, Pratapgarh, Ghaziabad, Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17027342", "title": "Churchill back on dais, warns Congress", "text": "MARGAO: In what could be a prelude of things to come, former PWD minister Churchill Alemao said he would return to active politics in January while appealing to people, in the same breath, not to disturb the five-year mandate given to chief minister Manohar Parrikar's government.Alemao's first public meeting in Navelim on Tuesday, after his infamous defeat at the assembly hustings in April, was an emotional affair. He expressed his happiness and gratitude to God for this day and said he was overwhelmed to see thousands attend this meeting in the constituency where he was an MLA for five years.\"In the month of January, I want to tell all of you, that I will return to my office in Navelim and will meet all of you,\" Alemao told the large crowd. The announcement was immediately followed by thunderous applause and people chanting his name.Before addressing the crowd, the former chief minister was seen orchestrating the public meeting; issuing directions to the various speakers that included panchas from various panchayats across Navelim and zilla panchayat members.Instructions in place, he stood up, tapped the mike and began his customary chants -I am always with the people and that is what counts the most. \"I want to make it clear that this meeting has not been called to bring down the government, but for me to address my people,\" said Alemao. \"The CM is a smart man and even though there have been some baseless and wrong allegations made against me, (Manohar) Parrikar has never taken my name.\"He continued, \"He has been elected as the chief minister and has been given a mandate, and people should allow him to complete his five-year tenure. I hope he will do his best.\"Ridiculing and rubbishing allegations that the former PWD minister and engineers were responsible for scams in the department, Alemao said he had the power only to sanction work.He then launched a scathing attack on former chief minister Digambar Kamat who he blamed solely for colluding with the current Navelim MLA.Alemao alleged that not only did Kamat actively work to bring about his defeat, he met the new Navelim MLA several times in the run up to the elections.\"I have proof of where and when they held those meetings; and not only that, his (Kamat) men even beat up people who were supporting me and I had to see that the boy who fractured his arm was operated. Kamat even changed the police force two days before the elections,\" alleged Alemao.He went on to add that he never lost the elections and that people had elected him, but faulty EVM machines messed up the counting.Alemao's supporters demanded the dissolution of the Navelim block Congress and warned party leaders that if they sidelined him their strength in the House would reduce from nine to just two seats.Earlier, rumours did the round that Alemao had met with top BJP leaders in Panaji in view of the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, and that a similar meeting was held when Alemao was last elected an MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028748", "title": "Cyclone Nilam may spare Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The cyclonic storm Nilam, centered over the Bay of Bengal, may skip Odisha except causing widespread rain at least for two to three days from Wednesday evening, according to forecast by the India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Tuesday.\"The deep depression formed over the Bay of Bengal has intensified into a cyclonic circulation Nilam and lay centered 1,100 km away from Gopalpur. The system will move northwestwards and cross north Tamil Nadu and adjoining south Andhra Pradesh coast between Nagapattinam and Nellore by afternoon or evening of Wednesday,\" said Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of the IMD centre here.Sahu said the wind velocity will be marginally less after the system hits land. Sahu, however, did not completely rule out the impact on Odisha till the system hits the coast land. Cautionary signals have been hoisted at Paradip and Gopalpur ports, he added.Special relief commissioner P K Mohapatra said the state government is on the alert to meet any challenges of natural calamity owing to the storm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027222", "title": "Digital divide: Govt, MSOs differ on figures", "text": "KOLKATA: With the deadline for digitization of cable television looming large, cable homes that are still logged on to analog transmission are anxious to know whether the deadline will be extended. Those who have made the switch fearing a blackout following a high-decibel multimedia campaign by the information and broadcasting ministry and direct-to-home (DTH) players are also wondering how volatile the situation will get if the TVs in the neighbouring slum - the only source of entertainment in the dingy dark lanes - actually goes blank.The I&B; ministry insists it shouldn't be a problem. The state administration counters the view and says there will be a law and order issue if analog signals are blacked out. But why are the views so divergent? It's because the two are working on different sets of data, knowing fully well that it is at best a guesstimate.The I&B; ministry adopted a data collected during Census 2011 and pegged the number of cable homes in Kolkata at 20 lakh. At the time, 35% homes claimed they had set top box. Thereafter, the ministry tracked the STB numbers that were being added to compute the digitization ratio. According to it, the figure had crossed 40% on June 30 when the earlier deadline expired. Now, it claims the digitization percentage is 82 to 85. \"That is a reasonable number to trigger the domino effect and go in for the complete switchover,\" a ministry official said.Multi-system operators (MSOs) agree that 85% is a reasonable figure to blank out the analog system. But it is the data being used by I&B; ministry that the MSOs are contesting.According to them, there are at least 30-32 lakh cable homes in Kolkata Metropolitan Area that extends up to Uluberia in the southwest, Bandel in the northwest to Kalyani in the northeast and Baruipur in the southeast. In addition, several of these homes have multiple televisions that should peg the number of TVs to 40 lakh.\"In the cable TV business, there is under-declaration at two tiers. There are many homes with multiple TV sets that take only one cable connection and then get a local electrician to connect various TVs using a splitter. Also, there are cable operators that do not declare the right figures to MSOs. Hence, any figure that we arrive at is unlikely to be accurate. But information collated after talks with cable operators point to 31-33 lakh cable homes in addition to around 5-6 lakh DTH homes. Then there are those TVs that have not been declared by homes yet,\" an MSO official said.Of the 31 lakh cable homes, around 18 lakh have made the switch. Add to this 6 lakh DTH connections, the figure increases to 24 lakh or 60%. If that is the figure, even I&B; ministry officials will not hazard a switch-off.Given I&B;'s erroneous data on Kolkata, there is a cloud over its claim of 95% digitization in Delhi and 100% in Mumbai. But MSOs don't contest that the two cities have over 80% digitization and are therefore in a position to make the switch. However, the 86% digitization figure for Chennai is also way off the mark as the government-owned Arasu Cable is yet to install a critical equipment required to download and transmit the encrypted digital signals from satellite to set top boxes in cable homes.According to MSOs in Kolkata, if the deadline is extended to December 31, 2012, around 80% of cable homes will be digitized by then, enabling the switchover. \"There is limited supply of STBs. One cannot just decide on a deadline without addressing the logistics. In the next couple of months, cable operators can seed at least 8-9 lakh more boxes while DTH operators will also convert 1.5-2 lakh homes to reach a critical number for conversion,\" another MSO official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028371", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wit missed on Road Safety Awareness Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This year one thing that was sorely missed by hundreds of participants at an event held to mark Road Safety Awareness Day at the Sector 17 piazza on Tuesday, was a message from the king of satire, Jaspal Bhatti. Jagjeet Kang, one of the members of road safety council, said, \"Bhatti Sahib had made a 20-minute long comic film, 'Ladla Driver', to educate children about traffic rules in his own style six years ago. Every year, he used to send a message or a song to create awareness on this day.\"If Kang missed Bhatti's congratulatory message, Arvind Ahuja of Sector 21 too was finding it hard to come to terms with Bhatti's demise.Ahuja, whose daughter took part in a painting competition that was part of the event organized by traffic police at the Sector 17 piazza said, \"Jaspal Bhatti had done a lot for spreading awareness about traffic rules among children and it was sad to learn that he lost his life in an unfortunate road accident.\"\"Ladla Driver\" sees Bhatti advise children to follow traffic rules, while giving examples. And the film, which has Bhatti's famed comic moments, is being shown to school and college students for the last six years. Sub-inspector Sukhdev Singh, in-charge of the Children Traffic Park, Sector 23, said, \"Since Bhatti's demise, the number of people wanting to see the film has doubled and some people came to the traffic park, especially to watch the short film.\"\"Ladla Driver\" is shown to school students, who come to learn about traffic rules at the park. SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said efforts will be made to popularize the film among students and its copies will also be distributed among them. The film was especially made for the Chandigarh traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17028819", "title": "Reds thrash 2 construction firm workers", "text": "GARHWA: Despite continuing operation against the Maoists in Bhandaria block of the district, the rebels are still ruling the roost in some areas of the block. Two workers of a contractor were thrashed by the rebels at Kurun village in Bhandaria area of the district late on Monday for not complying the Maoists' order to stop construction of a bridge over the Saphi river, about 30 km from the Bhandaria block headquarters.\"The injured workers are under treatment at a private clinic in Daltonganj,\" said Garhwa SP Michael Raj S.Satyendra Yadav and Vijay Singh working as munshi of the construction company were badly thrashed by about 50-60 Maoists, said a villager.The construction for Rs 2.46 crore bridge on the Saphi river at Kurun village was on by the construction company. Meanwhile Maoist rebels arrived and dragged Vijay Singh, a worker, out of his house. Then, they broke open the door of Satyendra Yadav's house. \"They thrashed them after keeping their hands tied with rope for not complying their order to stop construction of the bridge,\" said a villager.Bhandaria police station officer in-charge Manoj Roy said despite CRPF pressure, Maoists were still present in some areas of Bhandaria block as these areas were hospitable for them. \"Villagers' support is needed to end the Maoist menace. But police are not getting their support,\" Roy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17028102", "title": "Jellyfish was the first to detect light 700m yrs ago", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have traced the evolution of sight in ancient species to a jellyfish , which first developed the ability to detect light 700 million years ago.The exact point in time when ancient species developed the first rudimentary ability to see light has been hotly contested. Scientific opinion was divided over which sponges or jellyfish types species first possessed opsins, a group of light-sensitive protein-coupled receptors in photoreceptor cells of the retina, the Daily Mail reported.Bristol's School of Earth Sciences and colleagues looked at a newly sequenced group of sponges named Oscarella carmela, and the jellyfish type Cnidarians, a group of animals thought to have possessed the world's earliest eyes. The study used computer modelling to provide a detailed picture of how and when opsins evolved. Dr Davide Pisani performed a computational analysis to test every hypothesis , incorporating genomic information from all relevant animal lineages to develop a timeline with an opsin ancestor common to all groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/vadodara/surat", "code": "17027446", "title": "Gujarati community in eye of storm", "text": "AHMEDABAD/VADODARA/SURAT: Members of the substantial Gujarati community along the US east coast remained holed up in their homes on Tuesday as they found themselves right in Sandy's destructive path. But some were not safe even here.Ketan Shah of Ahmedabad lost everything in the only multi-storey building that collapsed in Sea Bright, New Jersey, during the storm. Shah, who was evacuated in time, lived on the top floor, had rented out two other apartments in the same building and ran a convenience store on the ground floor.Dansuese Mallika Sarabhai's daughter Anahita, who is studying in New York, had a narrow escape when a large tree fell on her house and a branch went right through the wall of her bedroom. She has shifted base to her neighbour's house.\"The power is on and off and they are being very cautious about saving their phone batteries for emergency use. She told me not to worry and may not be able to keep in touch,\" a worried Sarabhai said.There are 5.26 lakh Indians in New York and New Jersey of which about 25% are Gujaratis. Many of them were forced to shift to hotels and community temples after the rising waters entered their homes. Bobby Patel of Shakti Mandir said, \"The harsh winds and heavy rain have made mattes worse. We have given shelter to more than 200 people at a temple in Atlantic City.\"Riddhi Shastri-Trivedi of Vadodara living in Henrico, Virginia, said, \"The 70-odd Indian families there, including 10 Gujarati families, came together under one roof during the worst period of the storm. The pre-disaster announcements helped us remain safe as we watched the atmosphere change from bad to worse.\"\"We have stored food and water as we knew it would be impossible to step out,\" said Prakash Narola, a diamond businessman in New York. He is keeping worried family members in Surat updated through social networking.Mahesh Patel, vice-president of the Gujarati Cultural Association, San Francisco , said, \"Gujarati associations are getting together to assess the total damage. We will help the affected people to get back to their feet.\" P 4", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028300", "title": "BJP to woo tribals with mega show at Mangarh", "text": "JAIPUR: Seven months after senior legislator Gulab Chand Kataria withdrew his plan to tour the region, the state BJP is all set for a massive public progamme at Mangarh, Banswara to woo back the tribal voters.While the state BJP claims that it is a social event - being held on November 17 to pay tribute to the hundreds of tribals who were killed by British in 1912 in a massacre similar to Jallianwala Bagh - it could get political. The guest list includes national party leaders including Nitin Gadkari , Sushma Swaraj along with Shivraj Singh Chauhan and Narendra Modi. State leaders including Vasundhara Raje and Arun Chaturvedi will also be present.\"Invitations have already been sent and we have received in-principal confirmations from all of them,'' said Ramesh Chand Meena, party legislator and president of the state's ST wing, which is organising the event. More than one lakh tribals from the three states are expected to be part of this meeting and political experts see the meeting as the party's strategic move to win back the voters in the region. The meeting is seen as the party's launch of preparations for the next polls in the region.The BJP boasted of 27 seats out of 28 in the region during the 2003 elections but lost 26 of the 28 in 2008. Kataria's controversial 'Jan Chetna Yatra', which led to a storm within the state BJP, aimed to strengthen the party's chances in the area. The November 17 tribute ceremony, being held to mark the 100 years of the event, aims at covering lost ground for the party. Not surprisingly, Kataria, who has an undisputed hold in the region, is playing an important role in guiding the ST wing.The event will further uplift Kataria's image and stature in the party, for most in the party foresee the senior legislator getting full credit for the success and turnout of the event. \"He not only has an important role in planning the event but it would also be used as a platform to bring Kataria in forefront. With him having a direct or indirect influence on 35 of the 200 assembly seats, neither the state nor the party high command can ignore him,'' said a senior leader.\"It is primarily the event of the ST wing,'' said Kataria, when contacted by TOI. He said that the tribute ceremony was being held to ensure that the historical event gets its due and the problems of tribals are highlighted. \"It is a major historical event but somehow, the hundreds of tribals who were shot dead at Mangarh during a public meeting never got the importance they deserved,'' said Kataria. State Party President Arun Chaturvedi also emphasised, \"It is not a political event. It is a social event being held to pay tribute to the hundreds of martyrs. Representatives from all sections of the society including other political parties are welcome to join in.''The Mangarh MassacreIn 1912-13, locals from the region revolted against the British rule under the headship of Govind Guru, a local tribal. Hundreds of tribals had gathered at the Mangarh hillock in Banswara for a peaceful meeting when they were surrounded by the British forces, which opened fire. The hillock is located on the border of Rajasthan, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. Though no official records are available, it is believed that 500-odd tribals were killed in the massacre. \"The toll at Mangarh hillock, which later became sacred for the tribals is now popularly known as Mangarh Dham, is reportedly more than that of the 1919 Jallianwala Bagh massacre. Unfortunately, no records are available,'' said BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria.Not be left behind, the ruling party too is said to be preparing for an event at Mangarh Dham. According to sources, the state government has planned a special financial assistance for the development of Mangarh and chief minister Ashok Gehlot too may visit the spot to pay tribute to the martyrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai/cuddalore", "code": "17028020", "title": "Power generation in Neyveli Lignite Corporation down by 300MW", "text": "CHENNAI/CUDDALORE: Power generation in Neyveli Lignite Corporation (NLC) fell drastically by 300 MW on Tuesday after some units were shutdown owing to a deficiency in the quality of lignite. Owing to the use of wet lignite in other units, generation dropped.Against a normal supply of 475MW,the NLC supplied only 180 MW to the state on Tuesday.The NLC normally shuts down generation units during heavy rain. The management, however, maintained that incessant rain had not flooded lignite mines. The mines were safe as adequate drainage facility had been put in place, said an official.Despite a fall in power generation in the state,the burden of load shedding was reduced on Tuesday because power demand fell, owing to heavy rain cooling the air. Power cuts, which used to span over 10 to 12 hours in rural Tamil Nadu, were reduced to eight hours as demand reduced in urban areas, said sources.The demand fell from 2,500 MW to 1,900 MW in Chennai city, which consumes about 25% of the state's power. \"In case of an increase of three degree centigrade in temperature, power consumption in the city goes up by 500MW,\" said an official.Against a demand of 10,000 MW,the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board supplied about 7,200 MW in the state during the day. With the wind season coming to an end,wind energy generation has virtually stopped.Only 50MW was generatedby the wind mills, which have an installed capacity of 7,000 MW in Aralwaimozhi pass, Shenkottai pass,Theni pass andP alakkad pass.Similarly, owing to inadequate water in the reservoirs, only 200MW was generated by the hydro stations. The Central power generation stations, owing to varied reasons like shutting down of units for annual overhauling at Ramagundam and use of poor quality coal at Talchar, supplied only 2,045MW, recording a deficit of 1,000 MW when compared with the state's allotted share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027761", "title": "Police team sent to Delhi to arrest Akansha's in-laws", "text": "INDORE: Indore police have dispatched its team to Delhi to arrest the in-laws of Akansha Rathi, the Indore-based industrialist, who was found dead in Delhi a week ago, said sources in the police department. \"We have sent a team of policemen to arrest the in-laws of the deceased, Akansha Rathi,\" said a senior official on condition of anonymity.Mahila police station in charge Nisha Jaiswal said the police would take action in the case filed here, but refused to comment on police team going to Delhi.According to Jaiswal, late Akansha Rathi lodged a complaint with the Mahila police against five members--father-in-law Rajkumar Rathi, mother-in-law Sushma Rathi, uncle in-law Pradeep Rathi, aunt-in-law Sushma Devi and her brother in law Saurav Rathi on October 16. She accused all of them of harassing her.Earlier, Jaiswal said three-member team was sent there to Dwarka in Delhi for investigation. She informed that Akansha Rathi, 32, had reportedly hanged herself to death in her parental house in Dwarka on October 23. She was the director of a local unit in the leading iron and steel firm called Rathi Iron and Steel here in Indore. According to the police, her husband, Anirudh Rathi had died under mysterious circumstances in Delhi in September 2012.Deputy Inspector General (DIG) A Sai Manohar also confirmed the report of her death but said only post-mortem report could convey the nature of her death.Police sources said she left Indore for Delhi after the death of her husband. Initially, she reportedly tried to live with her in-laws, but they refused. Then she shifted to her parental house and began living her father K P Singh and mother Anita Singh. At the time of incident, Anita Singh was on pilgrimage. Her house in Scheme No. 74 in Indore is locked and private guards are taking care of it.Anirudh and Akansha had met in London during the study and decided to marry in 2004. However, Anirudh's family was reportedly not happy with their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "17026768", "title": "Industrialist held for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcoffensive\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 tweet on Chidambaram's son", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: An industrialist was arrested on Tuesday on charges of posting \"offensive remarks\" against Union finance minister P Chidambaram's son Karti Chidambaram on micro-blogging site Twitter.S Ravi, 46, who runs a packaging unit at Sederapet Industrial Estate in Puducherry, in a tweet on October 19 alleged that Karti had \"amassed\" more wealth than Robert Vadra, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law.In another tweet on the same day, he said \"as a Tamilian\" he felt \"bad to have sent P Chidambaram to national politics\". Ravi has been actively participating in events organized by the India Against Corruption (IAC) in Puducherry.Puducherry police said Karti lodged a complaint and Ravi was booked under Section 66 (1) (hacking with computer system) of the Information Technology Act. The section can be used against a person who, with the intent to causing wrongful loss or damage to the public or any person, destroys or deletes or alters any information residing in a computer resource or diminishes its value or utility or affects it injuriously by any means.Police called Ravi for questioning on Tuesday morning and arrested him subsequently. He was produced before chief judicial magistrate Venkatakrishnan, who granted him bail. If convicted, Ravi faces imprisonment up to three years or a fine up to Rs 2 lakh or both.Pondy CAN (Citizen Action Network) president Probir Banerjee termed the police action as undemocratic. Pondy CAN is one of the several forums that organize IAC activities in the Union territory. \"The police action is completely unacceptable. Are we living in a goonda raj? Of late anyone talking about the nexus between the political class and corporates is targeted,\" Banerjee said.Former Madras high court judge David Annoussamy pointed out that several people who tweet would have to be arrested if the same yardstick was applied to all cases. \"It is common for people to file a defamation suit against those making offensive remarks. The arrest will be made based on the outcome of the defamation suit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17028477", "title": "This \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMr University\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 hates missing workouts", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city will be hosting a South Asia bodybuilding championship on November 3 and 4, which will flaunt some of the fittest men in South Asia.TOI talks to some people who have gone an extra mile by installing a gym in their homes.Ajay Pal Singh Mangat, 50, a veterinarian, has installed gym equipment at his residence in Country Homes, Ludhiana. A bodybuilder from his younger days, Mangat is a fitness enthusiast who says that he exercises once a day and never misses this routine.\"Fitness is always on my mind which is why I am always on a controlled diet. I take my son for gymnastics training where I get to do my exercise as well. I jog for more than half an hour and then I exercise in my gym at home,\" said Mangat.In his gym, Mangat has a cross-trainer, a treadmill and a multi-gym and free weights. He has had a gym in his house since his college days when he started bodybuilding. Mangat got into serious bodybuilding when he joined PAU, and he earned the title of \"Mr University\" for four years.\"I used to be lanky when I started college. One day I entered the university gym out of curiosity and saw a boxer exercising. I was really impressed by his physique, so I asked him to help me train. After that, for almost five years, I was madly into bodybuilding, during which I became Mr Punjab and finished fourth in Mr India competition,\" he said.Remembering his bodybuilding days, Mangat said, \"We were not aware of the kind of supplements body builders use these days. There is a distinction between the right kind of supplements and the supplements that harm our body. Many youngsters in India have done damage to themselves, not knowing this distinction.\"The participating countries - India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Maldives, Nepal, Afghanistan and Bhutan - will have eight-member teams participating, except India, which as the host, will bring a 16-member team.The championship is being organized by Punjab Amateur Bodybuilding Association and Prem Chand Degra, former Mr Universe, will be chairman of the tournament. Vice-chairman Ramesh Bangar said, \"Top bodybuilders from eight southeastern countries will be participating in the championship. Along with hosting a world-level tournament, we want to inspire youngsters to take up bodybuilding of even exercise so that they can stay away from drugs.\" He said that two fitness trainers from America will hold a seminar on fitness. The semifinals would be held on November 3 at Nehru Sidhant Kendra, Pakhowal Road; and finals on November 4 at multipurpose hall, Guru Nanak Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17031086", "title": "CBSE students in Delhi showcase working models on science, society and environment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students from classes VI to X from over 165 schools across India gathered at the St Xaviers School, New Delhi on Tuesday to showcase interesting working models based on 'Science, Society and Environment' as participants of the ninth national level science exhibition on Tuesday. The two-day exhibition is an annual event of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) aimed at promoting scientific temper and technological creativity among students. The exhibition has been inaugurated by the new minister for human resource development M M Pallam Raju. Also present on the occasion is minister of state for human resource development, Nitin Prasada.Pallam said, \"In order to address the changing needs in science education, CBSE is bringing about reforms in its curriculum. Such exhibitions are need of the hour to promote science and research activities at all levels.\" Meanwhile, Prasada stressed on the need for participation of teachers in formulating policies in providing world-class education to the students.According to chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi, students from 165 schools presented over 350 exhibits based on six sub-themes. \"The theme this year is 'Science, society and environment' with six sub-themes - agriculture and food security, health, mathematics in everyday life, environmental issues and concerns, disaster management and energy crisis. The winners will be declared on Wednesday. This exhibition also entails sharing of cultures other than inculcating a scientific temper amongst students. Students from Oman are also here and I'm sure everyone agrees with me when I say that real learning occurs outside classrooms, textbooks are only facilitators.\" The regional level science exhibition was organised in the month of August-September 2012 at 12 different venues with a record participation of 1,180 students.Around 10 to 15 of the best exhibits were selected from each centre for participation at the national level. A panel of judges including eminent scientists, researchers and academicians will select the top 20 exhibits according to the student's knowledge of the project, creativity, innovation and imagination, originality of the idea and the application of scientific principle. The winners will cash prize and certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17027593", "title": "No end to this slum's woes", "text": "HUBLI: The only time Laxmisingankere, the biggest slum in Dharwad, gets attention is during elections. With its sizable population, this area plays a key role in deciding the fate of Dharwad city MLA.UGD connection, good roads and adequate drinking water are a dream for residents here. These were promises made prior to elections. But none of them have materialized.There are more than 4,000 families residing here and nearly 10,000 voters.With the absence of UGD connection, drains have been overflowing and water entering houses. Gutters are blocked since three months and garbage is thrown in open areas.In the past three months, not a single civic worker has visited the area leaving garbage piling up. Stray dog menace is on the rise, and 42 persons have been bitten by stray dogs in two weeks. The area gets water thrice a month. The only borewell does not function properly.Yellamma, Maruti, and Davalbi, residents, are victims of dog bites. \"The place stinks and its impossible to breathe. Dogs attack in packs when we chase them,\" they cry.Malik Dalwai, who is fighting for the cause of the slum, says that politicians are spotted in the area when it is election time. \"But then after that we never see them again.\"Ramanna Savadatti, area corporator, says that the area needs Rs 1.32 core for overall development of the area. But sufficient funds are not coming from the corporation. \"I will take up this issue with the commissioner and mayor soon,\" he promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027946", "title": "Khar congratulates Khurshid, looks forward to working with him", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar on Tuesday congratulated her new Indian counterpart Salman Khurshid saying that she looked forward to taking the ongoing dialogue process forward with him. She told Khurshid in her message that Pakistan continues to seek peaceful and friendly ties with India.\"Please accept my heartiest felicitations on your assumption of the office of the external affairs minister of the republic of India,'' she said in her letter of felicitation to Khurshid.\"I wish you every success and look forward to working with you closely to promote good neighbourly, friendly and cooperative relations between our two countries. We attach considerable importance to taking forward the ongoing dialogue process,'' she added.Outgoing foreign minister S M Krishna said one of the closest friendships he forged with his counterparts was with Khar. Khurshid has so far received congratulatory messages from the foreign ministers of Russia, Turkey, Bangladesh, Nepal, UK and Oman. Bangladeshi foreign minister Dipu Moni was the first to congratulate Khurshid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026827", "title": "Tharoor hits back at Modi, tweets wife Sunanda is 'priceless\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shashi Tharoor has hit the headlines again in a witty putdown of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's tasteless barbs against his wife.Tweeting a riposte to Modi's comment, Tharoor, the new minister of state for human resource development (HRD), described his wife, Sunanda Pushkar as \"priceless\", adding Modi would only understand this if he loved someone.Campaigning in Himachal Pradesh, Modi attacked Tharoor accusing his wife of being a former \"Rs 50-crore girlfriend\" after Tharoor returned to the council of ministers. \"Wah kya girlfriend hai. Apne kabhi dekha hai 50 crore ka girlfriend?\" (What a girlfriend? Have you ever seen a 50-crore girlfriend), Modi had said.\"There was a Congress leader who was a minister. He was accused of amassing wealth from cricket. He had said in Parliament that he is not connected to the Rs 50 crore in the lady's name,\" the Gujarat CM said, without referring to Tharoor by name. In 2010, Tharoor had to resign as minister of state for external affairs after he was caught in an IPL controversy and also questioned Sunanda's financial probity and unaccounted money changing hands.Modi added, \"... And then girlfriend becomes wife, we learn some time later...the issues are still not settled and he (Tharoor) is now made a minister.\"In his retort, Tharoor said, \"My wife is worth a lot more than your imaginary 50 crores. She is priceless. But you need2be able2love some1 2understand that,\" Tharoor tweeted. For good measure, he even repeated the same lines on TV channels.Tharoor received instant support from fellow MoS and Congress leader R P N Singh and CPM's Brinda Karat. \"You can understand the type of people who point fingers and make derogatory remarks about women... Their speech speaks stronger than their act. I condemn the remark. To make such a comment on any woman is against the ethos of Indian culture. Modi is possibly feeling the heat of Gujarat polls,\" Singh, minister of state for home, said.Karat told news agencies, \"Only a sick and perverted mind representing anti-women RSS ideology will make such a statement. He is a blot on this country.\"Describing Modi's verbal barbs as \"silly\", Tharoor said, \"We will have to see whether he (Modi) is capable of understanding that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027825", "title": "Allahabad University prepares to evict illegal occupants from hostels", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court directed the university authorities recently to evict illegal inmates from all its hostels and directed the district administration to assist AU in the process. Following the court direction, AU authorities held a meeting on Tuesday called by dean student welfare (DSW) Prof R K Singh and attended by almost all the wardens of various hostels along with the chief proctor and decided that since the last day to submit the annual fee is Tuesday, a list of bonafide inmates be prepared and illegal inmates shown the door. \"The illegal inmates would be given a fortnight, ending on November 14, after which action would be taken to evict them\", said a member of AU's PRO team Dr Suneet Dwivedi.For the past two academic sessions university authorities have been announcing list of students allotted rooms in various hostels, but most of the time the allotments are not done rightfully as the rooms are occupied illegally. As these unlawful inmates enjoy a free stay and cause revenue deficit to the AU the deserving candidates remain deprived and often have to take accommodation on rent.If records for the previous years are taken into account, conducting raids for removal of illegitimate inmates from various hostels was a regular exercise carried out in the months of October and November. But during academic years 2010-11 and 2011-12, the authorities failed to conduct even a single raid, in hostels of the university or the trusts. Every year authorities prepare list of legal inmates (those who have deposited their fee) but the same has not yielded any fruitful result. The list was submitted at the office of the dean student welfare (DSW) and the same was forwarded to chief proctor Prof Mata Amber Tiwari, who on the basis of the list, requested the district administration to provide the force, but there is no progress in the matter.\"I have spoken to the authorities and sent request letter and reminders, but we are helpless as the district administration has not provided us the force required, so conducting raids is not possible,\" said Tiwari.This year vice-chancellor Prof A K Singh had planned to crack down on a large number of illegal inmates residing in the hostels for years. Recently on the VC's initiative, the DSW in association with the hostel wardens and superintendents had carried out a review and discovered that 12 of the 14 hostels of the university were suffering because of illegal occupancy. The plan was to keep the hostels vacant for two months and allot rooms afresh from July and during the two months large scale repair work was planned. But the inmates were unhappy over the sudden decision to get the hostels vacated and arson and violence took place, following which the idea was dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027886", "title": "Activists urge people to use cotton bags, not polythene", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Continuing their ongoing campaign to create awareness about keeping the Ganga free from pollution, members of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam on Tuesday distributed cotton bags to people at Subhash crossing to promote their use.Samiti convenor Shyam Sundar Singh Patel said use of polythene is harmful in daily life for both people and the environment. It chokes drans which in turn pollute the rivers. He urged people to use cotton bags instead of polythene bags. Patel said the authorities should take measures to stop the flow of drains and sewers into the Ganga.Another activist Krishna Kumar Gupta said water from sewers should be collected inside a reservoir built up for the purpose and thereafter chemically treated before being drained into the river.He added that tough measures need to be taken in view of the upcoming Kumbh Mela to ensure a ban on the use of polythene and save the Ganga from pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17028138", "title": "Nod for 80 disposal plans", "text": "BANGALORE: Waste segregation at source is now officially mandatory. BBMP gave it the official stamp at the council meeting on Tuesday, when it approved the new tender which mandates segregation at source.The council also gave the nod to 80 packages of the 89 submitted, regarding collection and disposal of municipal waste in segregated form.The council authorized the Mayor and the commissioner to decide and entrust the same to landfill operators Terra Firma Limited as per their discretion and exempt the same under 4(g) of Karnataka Transparency in Public Procurement Act ,1999.Later, commissioner of BBMP said that the bidders will get 15 days to submit their plans, regarding number of vehicles, number of persons to be employed and so on. He said he expected the winning bidders to be on the field by November 15.He also said that the old contractors will continue till then as per the existing arrangement and the same has been conveyed to them.\"We had expected to incur Rs 352 crore (exclusive of tipping charges) as against the December 2011 tender terms wherein we would have spent Rs 515 crore on these packages. Even for Terra Firma we are giving less than 7.5% of the scheduled rates. They will be lifting 600 tonnes daily, directly from the household. As of now we will be incurring less than Rs 293 crore for these 80 packages, which amounts to less than Rs 1 crore per day,\" he said.Mobile governance starting this weekThe BBMP commissioner said the mobile governance system, which was tested under a pilot project in Byrasandra ward, will come into operation from November 1. This facility having geo-referral photos will keep a check on the happenings on garbage collection and cleaning operations. All AEEs and health Inspectors will get android sets and can monitor work across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17027752", "title": "Adhikar rally: Traffic police ready with parking plan", "text": "PATNA: As the date for the JD-U's proposed 'Adhikar Rally' is drawing closer, worry lines are deepening on the faces of law enforcement officials. No, they aren't worried about the size of the congregation at the party programme but about how to keep the vehicular traffic smooth as thousands of heavy and light vehicles would enter the state capital to reach the rally venue at Gandhi Maidan on November 4.To avoid severe traffic snarls for a large part of the day during the rally, some diversion of traffic would take place to ensure unhindered movement of Patnaites.\"The major challenge for the Patna traffic police is the parking places. Proper parking of the vehicles coming from outside Patna would lessen half of the traffic problem. The identified vehicle parking points would be able to park around 4,000 big vehicles,\" said SP (traffic) Chandrika Prasad. \"The traffic diversion would be started from 10pm on November 3, which will continue till the conclusion of the rally,\" he said.He said, \"Patna traffic police already have 650 constables and officers, and would get an additional 600 constables and 150 officers from other districts to control vehicular traffic on the day of 'Adhikar Rally'.\"According to the traffic plan, all the vehicles coming from the northern side of Patna through Gandhi Setu would be diverted to Mithapur bus stand. Vehicles coming from eastern part of Patna using the Patna-Gaya national highway would also be diverted to Mithapur bus stand. Some of the vehicles would be diverted towards Anisabad.Gate public library ground and the five-km-long road connecting Anisabad and Khagaul would be used as parking places. Rainbow stadium, Raghunath Balika Vidyalaya ground along with other high school grounds would be used to park vehicles. The veterinary college ground would also be used for parking. All vehicles would be diverted from Income-Tax roundabout towards R-Block and Kidwaipuri. Vehicles would also be diverted near PMCH and Nala Road.\"Emergency services like ambulances, fire brigade tenders and drinking water supply vehicles would be free to enter the city roads. Roads approaching the hospitals would be kept free of traffic chaos,\" said the traffic SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028139", "title": "Hospital told to pay Rs 40L compensation for negligence", "text": "CHENNAI: In one of the highest compensations awarded in a case of medical negligence in recent times, the state consumer forum has asked a private hospital in the city to pay Rs 40 lakh to a Bangalore-based woman for the death of her husband five years ago.In her petition, B Suvarama Phani said her husband B VRamana Rao, who was in an advanced stage of tuberculosis, was wrongly diagnosed as suffering from hepatitis at MIOT Hospital, Manappakkam. He died of septicemia (poisoning of blood) after being in the ICU of the hospital. The Tamil Nadu State Consumer Complaints Redressal Commission bench, comprising president Justice R Regupathi and judicial member J Jayaram, on Tuesday ordered the hospital to pay 40 lakh to Phani within three months.Rao, 46, an assistant general manager with a nationalised bank, went for a health check-up on April 6, 2007 under the hospital's executive health check-up plan. Doctors at the hospital told him he had lost eight kilograms of weight and the ultra sound scan of the abdomen showed enlarged liver and spleen. He was then asked to undergo a CT scan. After the scan, Rao fell unconscious. He was shifted to the ICU, where he developed complications and died due to septicemia.Hospital authorities admitted in their reply that the dye used in the CT scan may cause severe allergic reaction in some people. \"At the time of CT scan, the doctor administering the dye ought to have taken all precautions. But the doctor, knowing fully well that the dye might cause severe allergic reaction in many cases, was not prepared to face the situation, which shows that the doctor did not act with reasonable care and diligence,\" said the order.Further, the diagnosis and medication proceeded on a wrong assumption that Rao was suffering from infective hepatitis, instead of tuberculosis. Justice Regupathi said Rao died not of TB, which was the final diagnosis, but due to septicemia caused by negligent handling by hospital authorities who performed laparotomy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a surgical procedure done to gain access to the abdominal cavity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and relook laparotomy when the patient was struggling for life in a very critical condition.Terming it gross negligence and deficiency in service, Justice Regupathi said in his order: \"The patient did not die of TB but due to septicemia caused by the improper diagnostic procedure of trial and error by the hospital authorities.\" Noting that the compensation was just and reasonable for the mental agony Phani had suffered and would suffer throughout her life, the bench directed the chairman and managing director of MIOT Hospitals and Dr Maran, director (minimal access &amp; GI endosurgery), Centre for Weight Control, MIOT Hospitals to pay the sum in three months. In case of delay or failure to pay the sum, the hospital shall pay the compensation along with 9% annual interest from the date of default till the date of payment, the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026473", "title": "Nagpur University drops contentious queries at senate meet", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University administration has done it again. After issuing a gag orders to employees, vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal had allegedly dropped contentious queries raised by members for the forthcoming senate meeting on November 3. In fact, management council member Dinesh Agrawal even staged a walkout from last Thursday's meeting in this regard, accusing the VC-led administration of suppressing democratic rights of members to ask queries.He revealed that over 20 queries with respect to various scams and paper leaks that took place in the university were deliberately dropped to avoid facing criticism from members. The queries included those regarding inaction of NU administration in tracing the culprits of sensational BCCA paper leak exposed by TOI. He claimed that many of these queries were related to VC's functioning and so they were rejected citing Section 38 of the statute. NU PRO couldn't be contacted in this regard as he was busy with official meetings.Agrawal further said that though the queries were rejected by VC and also the management council, the statutory body can't be said to be a part of it, considering the fact that four members from Secular Panel, including himself, had dissociated themselves from the process during Thursday's meeting and not signed the documents.He claimed that the VC can't reject the questions asked regarding his conduct as he was representing the chancellor in senate meet and only the latter can decide on it. \"The VC can't give a ruling on the chancellor's behalf while rejecting queries against himself. We are going to raise this issue with chancellor K Sankaranarayanan and also in the senate meeting,\" he warned.The former engineering dean said that Thursday's meeting itself was illegal since the chancellor's nominee to the council Sanjay Khadakkar was not invited. \"Without this nominee, major decisions can't be taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026429", "title": "Beauty parlour owner arrested for rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: The owner of a beauty parlour has been arrested on the complaint of a 20-year-old employee who has alleged that the man repeatedly raped her on the pretext of marriage.The incident was reported from the Badarpur area of southeast Delhi.The woman, who allegedly tried to commit suicide recently, told police that she had joined the parlour about two years ago. The owner, Tanveer, befriended her and developed physical relations with her, promising to marry her. A few months ago, the woman's parents found a match for her. When the owner got to know of the development, he went to the woman's house and told her parents that he would marry her. He even promised to divorce his wife.On October 21, he took the woman to Shimla where he allegedly raped her. On returning from the trip, the woman asked him to marry her but he rejected her plea. Tanveer's father allegedly went to her house and threatened the parents with dire consequences.The demoralized victim then consumed a mosquito repellent after which she fell unconscious. She was rushed to a hospital.A case was registered after her medical examination. Tanveer's father has also been arrested for threatening the victim, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17027116", "title": "Last day for IMT Manesar plot owners to pay enhancement fee", "text": "GURGAON: Wednesday is the last day for IMT Manesar's plot owners to pay off their enhancement charges interest-free, this being the official deadline set by the Haryana Industrial and Infrastructural Development Corporation (HSIIDC) for this purpose. And even today, the whole issue of enhancement money collection remains mired in controversy. Some have said that the demand of Rs 3552 per square metre is unfair, and that the amount be revised and brought down. While many others have downright refused to pay a single penny as enhancement, asking the corporation to bear the expenses itself using its 'surplus funds.'After several public demonstrations and meetings held in the area during the past two months on the same issue, industrialists once again gathered near the HSIIDC office complex here on Tuesday. \"We demanded that they provide us with the documents that show how the enhancement money was calculated,\" said an industrialist. And, finally, the HSIIDC officials complied. \"At last they gave us the documents. And we will go through them before we build our case against the enhancement demand,\" the industrialist added.According to HSIIDC officials, after the recent Supreme Court order, the corporation had to compensate the local farmers at an increased rate of Rs 20 lakh an acre. \"We have already paid Rs 1,500 crore for this purpose to the district revenue officer,\" an official told TOI. And this is the money that the corporation is trying to recover, with 11% interest, from the plot owners in the form of enhancements.\"Their contracts clearly say that this cost is recoverable. Now we have formally provided them with calculation details also, so it shouldn't be a problem,\" the official added. With the industrial area, almost unanimously up in arms against the enhancement collection order, how much of that Rs 1,500 the corporation is able to recover remains to be seen. \"I think it will take the next two to three months %before we get a clear picture in this regard,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17027008", "title": "Real estate firm barred from selling disputed Mumbai property", "text": "GURGAON: In a significant development in Ozo Media Estate Property cheating case, a city has ordered the accused not to sell off the disputed land located at Andheri (West) in Mumbai.Earlier, the investors, mostly Gurgaon residents and NRIs, had registered 17 FIRs against the accused. In the order, civil Judge cum-metropolitan magistrate, Meenu, stated that the court has restrained all accused persons from disposing off the property bearing city survey no 844/1-14 situated at Shah Industrial Estate, Veera Desai Road Andheri (West), Mumbai which has been used in commission of offences under different sections of IPC, till further order.The complaints had lodged FIRs against the Mumbai-based company ( Ozo Media Estate Limited) that had taken crores of rupees by offering commercial space in 2006.The complainants had claimed that the commercial space was offered to investors on land measuring 2,545 yards situated at Andheri West. The investors had paid money but the 25-floor project did not kick off. The investors registered the FIRs at the DLF Phase II police station had investigated the case.The court order has come after long legal battle. In an application moved before the court, the complainant had stated that the city court had already taken cognizance of the case against one of the accused Vineet Handa, which was also upheld by the Supreme Court. Subsequently the court had directed Handa not to dispose off with the disputed piece on land. The Punjab and Haryana High Court in a separate petition had upheld criminal prosecutions against Handa's co-accused on 5 October, which paved way for court's proceedings against all accused in the case in the city court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17027089", "title": "'Hike in fuel commission below expectation'", "text": "GURGAON: Petrol pump owners in the city are dismayed by the hike in commission on petrol and diesel announced by the central government last week.There are 75 petrol pumps in the region and the petrol pump owners claimed that the hike in commission is meagre and much below the expectations.The government has hiked the commission on petrol from Rs 1.499 per litre to Rs 1.799 per litre, while on diesel it has increased from 91 paise per litre to Rs 1.09 per litre. A petrol pump owner said: \"The government has completely overlooked the cost of operation and has hiked the commission ignoring several other factors like power, lease rate and cost of transportation.\" The city petrol pump owner ferry fuel from Rewari and the cost of transportation paid by them. \"To ferry fuel, the tanker driver has to be paid Rs 15,000 as salary which is not factored in calculating the transportation cost,\" said the owner.The petrol pump owner rue that the operational cost too have gone up drastically in all sites. \"One needs to employee 20 people in each petrol pump, and even going by the minimum wage each employee has to be paid over Rs 3000 monthly. Add the power and other maintenance charges, the profit margin have thinned,\" said another petrol pump based in Gurgaon. The city has daily consumption of over 16 lakh liters and on numerous occasions it crosses over 20 lakh liters. \"On one end the oil companies want petrol pump to have sufficient manpower to facilitate customers but on another end the government is not keen to increase commission,\" said another petrol pump owner.In Gurgaon, the biggest input cost is of power on the account of frequent and long cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17028895", "title": "People For Animal snaps villagers' ties with 'snake god'", "text": "IMPHAL: For villagers of Kumbi in Manipur's Bishnupur district, anything even remotely related to religion is sacred. The local deity, in any form, holds sway over their lives and is highly revered.On Tuesday, when People For Animal (PFA) members went to rescue a python captured and worshipped by villagers as a 'reincarnation' of the local deity at the village, they had a hard time convincing them that the 8-ft-long reptile needs to released in the wild for its safety.The reptile, which is listed under Schedule 1 (most endangered animals in the country) of the Protection of Wildlife Act, 1972, was captured from a paddy field at Kumbi Setupur by the villagers on Saturday. It was kept at the house of the owner of the field and hundreds offered money, fruits and flowers to the snake considering it to be a local deity.\"On Tuesday, the gathering grew bigger after local priests performed rituals. After taking the advice of forest officials, we, along with a strong police team, including commandos, went there today. The villagers and the priests strongly objected to handing over the python initially,\" said Lourembam Biswajit, the managing trustee of PFA, Thoubal.After they were given a brief idea about the provisions of Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, including the related penalties, the villagers finally released the python after performing some rituals. \"While some chanted rituals praising the deity, others, in groups, wept near the python. We took the reptile to Manipur veterinary hospital in Imphal to check its health,\" said Bishwajit.On being informed about the incident, PFA chairman Maneka Gandhi asked the PFA's Thoubal unit to rescue the python and release it in a safe place. \"We will observe the python at our enclosure in Thoubal for a couple of days and release it the jungle after consulting with forest officials,\" he added.In April, 2010, villagers of Lamlai in Imphal East caught a rare cobra from a house and handed it to Manipur zoo authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028744", "title": "LPG distributors try to dissipate know your customer confusion", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The process of submitting KYC (know your customer) forms by LPG consumers has turned chaotic with harried people forming long queues outside distributors' offices.Though the oil companies on Tuesday announced to extend the deadline to submit the forms to November 15 from October 31 set earlier, hundreds of people were seen standing outside LPG outlets in the city to submit the forms at the earliest. \"It will be big trouble if they stop refill. I don't want to take a chance,\" said Sundar Narayan, a customer waiting for his turn at an HP gas distributor agency in Gajapatinagar.Banita Ray, another consumer waiting at a distributor centre in Nayapalli, said there is no clarity as to who should deposit the forms. \"There is a lot of confusion. Anyway I wanted to deposit mine,\" she said.LPG distributors said all customers don't need to worry about KYC at this stage. \"All domestic cooking gas users don't need to submit the KYC form. Only those consumers with multiple connections in single name or same address and those who have recently shifted from another city need to submit the KYC,\" said S B Mohapatra, president of Odisha LPG Distributors Association.For example, multiple families staying at a single address (may be on rent), siblings sharing parental property but with different connections, need to submit KYC. Several families staying in the same apartment need not worry about duplication of address, Mohapatra said. Customers in the suspect list of multiple connections, customers coming on transfer and those seeking re-activation of their blocked connection only need to submit the KYC, said a statement issued by chief LPG manager, Indian Oil , (Odisha) B V Sekhar Babu.Along with the specified KYC form mentioning details of name, address, father's name, customers need to deposit a photograph, identity and residence proof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17030881", "title": "Nitin Gadkari says he is ready for inquiry, dares Robert Vadra to face probe", "text": "MUMBAI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Nitin Gadkari on Wednesday defended all the charges levelled against him by RTI crusader and India Against Corruption (IAC) activist Arvind Kejriwal , saying there have been repeated attempts to malign his reputation.Addressing his supporters here, Gadkari said that he has no connections with Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti or Sharad Pawar.\"I have no business links with Ajay Sancheti or Sharad Pawar. Kejriwal's allegation that I grabbed farmers' lands is false. Farmers' land that I am accused of usurping is on the dais with me. I worked for the welfare of Vidharba farmers. I am a social entrepreneur,\" said Gadkari.\"Media tried to defame me over accidental deaths. The Congress is colluding with media houses to defame me. The cops, crime branch or CID have found nothing against me or BJP. They tried to drag my name even in Adarsh scam. Efforts are on to defame me ever since I became BJP president. My conduct has been upright, I have never indulged in any kind of wrongdoing,\" he added.Asserting that he was ready to face any inquiry, Gadkari also hit out at the ruling Congress party and asked them to initiate a probe against UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra.\"I am ready for probe against all allegations; let Robert Vadra also face a probe. Why is Robert Vadra not ready for an inquiry like me? Why the Congress is not investigating Robert Vadra? I will fight a legal battle and come out clean,\" he said.Gadkari, who displayed a massive show of strength here, earlier received a rousing welcome on his arrival at the Mumbai Airport.Gadkari had earlier on Tuesday skipped meeting with Karnataka party leaders as former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa remained firm on quitting the party ahead of next year's assembly polls.He did not also go to poll-bound Himachal Pradesh for a second round of campaigning.The BJP president, who is facing allegations of dubious funding in companies controlled by him, has threatened to file civil and criminal cases against some media houses for 'defaming' him and alleged that they were playing into the hands of the Congress.Kejriwal had earlier this month accused Gadkari of having a huge business empire in Maharashtra, and alleged that the former and NCP leader Ajit Pawar were hand-in-glove with each other in the irrigation scam.Kejriwal accused Gadkari of corruption and claimed that his businesses are flourishing at the cost of farmers.\"Nitin Gadkari has a huge business empire in Maharashtra. We want to know if his interests as a businessman are clashing with that of the farmers. Gadkari and Ajit Pawar are working in tandem. Gadkari's business interests clash with Vidharba farmers,\" Kejriwal told mediapersons at the Constitution Club in New Delhi.Kejriwal further said that Gadkari's business interest clashed with Vidharba farmers.\"100 hectares of farmers land given to Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Industries Ltd. Gadkari placed business interests over farmers\" well being. Gadkari's business interests also led to farmers' suicides. The land was snatched from farmers and given to Gadkari,\" said Kejriwal\"Maharashtra irrigation scam is worth Rs. 70 crores. Rs. 70 crores was spent, but nothing was spent on farmers. There is NCP-BJP nexus in irrigation scam in Maharashtra. Gadkari has five power and three sugar firms in Maharashtra,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17027145", "title": "Lure of quick money pushes youths to crime", "text": "GURGAON: Low risk and high return. It seems to be the new mantra among young and restless of Gurgaon who are getting involved in crime. A renowned psychologist explains that the trend of more and more students and youths landing into the world of crime are really worrisome.In the past couple of months, Gurgaon cops have nabbed several criminals for their alleged involvement in petty as well as heinous crimes ranging from vehicle-lifting, kidnapping and rape. As per police records, many of these criminals were first-timers and probe further reveals that they committed crime either to make quick money or just out of frustration.According to a senior cop, in past few years, vehicle lifting is emerging as a medium of earning some quick money for college drop-outs or even students but now the trend is increasing fast. \"These youngsters are under extreme stress; their monthly expenses at the minimum are between Rs 10-15 thousand a month on bike, mobile phone, clothes and other stuff. But most of the families are not in position to pay this much pocket money and thus they opt for short-cut, which ruins their career\" he added.A renowned psychologist, Sumati Kanwar Chauhan says, \"Poor parenting, fragile family structure, increasing show of violence in the social media, low tolerance level and stress are keys issues behind youngsters taking to crimes\". He also said with both parents at work, the connect between children and parents is low and it makes them feel lonely, with no one, except their friends, to consult at the moment of crisis.Another psychologist says, \"Gurgaon has cultural trends quite similar to the western countries, people don't have quality time due to which gap is increasing between parents and children. This culture brings in a huge conflict between the teenagers and their parents in terms of the value system. This gap, and the way these children handle it, usually comes out as misbehavior, road rage and - in worst cases -crime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028668", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation collects blood samples of over 1,400 people with fever", "text": "PUNE: Blood samples of over 1,400 people down with fever were collected during a three-day drive conducted by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). Besides, over 7,000 people with mild symptoms of fever were given medicines as a precautionary measure, officials said.The house-to-house survey was aimed at mitigating the spread of dengue by destroying mosquito-breeding spots and initiating preventive measures.\"Our health staff surveyed over 1.91 lakh households with a 10.37 lakh population during the three-day survey. We collected 1,471 blood samples of people who were down with fever and 7,610 people with mild fever were given medicines as a precautionary step,\" said Vaishali Jadhav, head of insect control department, PMC.Jadhav said, \"We found minuscule presence of disease-causing mosquitoes in all types of domestic containers inside as well as outside the houses. The containers checked were used for water storage like water tanks, buckets, plastic containers used for storage and flower vases etc.\"\"A total of 1,283 of the 3.10 lakh containers were found to have breeding spots that means the city's container index is 0.4%,\" Jadhav said. The parameter of container index - which is the percentage of containers where larvae are found - is used to find out the presence of disease-causing mosquitoes. Container index above 10% is considered high and problematic.Besides, health officials destroyed used tyres and other scrap items that can store rainwater and act as a conducive ground for breeding mosquitoes.\"A total of 853 tyres, plastic and other scrap items were destroyed during the drive,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027885", "title": "Deepawali celebrations: Special trains to relieve festive rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To accommodate the rush of passengers till Deepawali, railway administration has decided to ply two special trains between Guwahati and New Delhi and the other between Jabalpur and Patna.Train number 2501/2502 would be fully air-conditioned from Guwahati to New Delhi. This train will depart from Guwahati at 5:55 am and go through the route of Kamakhaya, Golpara Town, New Bogoigaon, Alipurdwar junction, New Jalpaiguri, Kishanganj, Katihar, Naughaciya, Khagaria, Begusarai, Barauni, Patna, Mughalsarai, Allahabad, Kanpur and finally stop at New Delhi at 1 pm next day.On the return journey, the train will leave New Delhi at about 11:45 pm and arrive at Kanpur at 6:10 am, Allahabad at 8:50 am and after passing through Mughalsarai, Patna, Barauni, Begusarai, Khagaria, Kishanganj, New Jalpiguri, Kamakhaya stop finally at Guwahati at about 8:15 am. This train will depart from Guwahati every Thursday from November 1 to 22 and from New Delhi end every Friday from November 2 to 23. The train will comprise one AC-First Class coach, two AC-II tier and ten AC-III tier coaches.Train number 1711/1712 would ply between Jabalpur and Patna. It train will depart from Jabalpur at 12:25 pm and pass Katni, Maihar, Satna, Manikpur, Chheoki, Mirzapur, Mughalsarai, Balsra, Ara and finally reach Patna at 3:15 am. On the return journey, the train will depart from Patna at 2:10 pm and after passing through the above route will terminate at Jabalpur at 4:40 am.The train will ply from Jabalpur on November 10, 12, 14,16,18 and 20 and from Patna end on November 11,13,15,17,19 and 21 and will comprise one AC-II tier, one AC-III tier, five sleeper and four general coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027367", "title": "Kejriwal is now Cong, BJP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s common target", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when they scuffled over corruption, accusing each other of venality, Congress and BJP found a common target to attack. Both parties hit out at anti-corruption activists, questioning their motives, each claiming to be a victim of their bias.BJP, whose chief Nitin Gadkari has been in the crosshairs of Arvind Kejriwal and others, was harsher. The editorial in party mouthpiece 'Kamal Sandesh' dismissed India Against Corruption's charges against Gadkari as part of a foreign conspiracy, echoing the \"foreign hand\" theory that Congress has frequently used as a description for its criticism since at least the 1970s.In the process, the saffron publication also put on record its sympathy for Anna Hazare , who has drifted away from Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan and others in IAC.\"After ruining the Anna andolan and in pursuit of its naked ambition, Team Kejriwal is involved in a conspiracy to create suspicion about democracy and by doing so, it is definitely playing into the hands of those who have no attachment either to India or Bharat Mata,\" it said. \"The main game of Kejriwal may be related to funding. The thing to be known is whether the funds belong to India or to the forces which want to weaken the country,\" the publication added.Kejriwal reacted to the offensive by challenging BJP to come clean on its sources of funding. \"They have said we are being foreign funded. The list of all the donors to this movement is on our website. I challenge BJP, if they have the guts and courage, to put the list of all those who have donated to the party for the last 10 years,\" Kejriwal said.The activist, who is scheduled to make fresh disclosures against a leading political personality on Wednesday, said the charges against Gadkari had made the BJP \"nervous, completely rattled and baffled\".Congress, which has savaged IAC, was restrained. The editorial in the party's in-house magazine 'Congress Sandesh' likened Kejriwal and his comrades to publicity hounds but refrained from taking names. \"We have also seen the self-appointed guardians of morality and probity in public life. Their hit-and-run approach to so-called scams has proved beyond doubt that they crave just for media attention,\" it said.Interestingly, Congress, which has accused IAC of being in league with the BJP and other opponents, stuck to its guns, discounting the activists' raging feud with the BJP. \"They act in tandem although they tend to give the impression that they are different entities. At their core, they are at best mere rabble rousers and at worst they are the frontmen for rabid anti-Congress forces,\" the editorial said.The attack on Kejriwal in Kamal Sandesh also clearly brought out BJP's sympathy for Hazare. \"One who would not remain loyal to Anna, how can he be loyal to the nation? He is engaged in digging holes in democracy with the help of foreign funds. Kejriwal has perhaps forgotten that democracy is deeply entrenched in the soul and body of the nation,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17028267", "title": "Miscreants enter judge's residence premises", "text": "AJMER: Some unknown miscreants on Monday night entered the residence premises of SC/ST special judge Rajendra Kumar Sharma and broke the flower pots in the garden. They even tried to enter the house. Rajendra Sharma's wife Asha is also additional district judge in Ajmer. The judge on Tuesday lodged an FIR in Civil Lines police station.When the incident came to light in the court, the district bar association also gave a memorandum to the superintendent of police and demanded the arrest of unknown criminals who tried to threaten the judge. The incident created sensation in the court on Tuesday.Judge Rajendra Sharma resides in Gokhale Lane which is one of the posh areas of the city where district collector and IAS officers also live. According to the police, the FIR lodged by the judge stated some unknown miscreants in the middle of the night broke the flower pots in his garden and also verbally abused him, trying to intimidate him.Sources said the Civil Lines police reached the spot and found the place in a mess. \"We are investigating the matter,\" said police officials. They added that the matter is of serious nature and they are also talking to the constables on night duty to verify if anyone was seen in the area between 1am and 2am.\"If this is what happens to judges then how can a common man live safely in the city,\" said Chandra Bhan Singh Rathore, secretary of the bar association.The bar also gave an ultimatum to strike if action is not taken soon enough. When the incident came to the court there were rumors that the intruders were armed. \"There were large talks in the court on this issue and people were trying to find reasons of the incident\" said an advocate.In the last six months there have been two incidents of abusing the judges in the court. In one case the accused in the SC/ST court tried to throw his shirt on the judge, while in the other the accused abused the presiding officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17028573", "title": "International Finance Corporation seeks amicable solution to port row", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The ombudsman of the International Finance Corporation (IFC) Scott Adams held a detailed discussion with Union minister of state for human resources Shashi Tharoor , principal secretary James Varghese and Vizhnjam Port officials on issues raised by a section of hoteliers in Kovalam.\"The discussion went on a positive note. We cleared many points raised by the IFC and these were noted down,'' a senior official with Vizhinjam port said.Officials said that the IFC wants to settle the issue amicably in the larger interest of the port, instead of taking a confrontational stand. A port official said that the master plan for the port and the environmental impact assessment report would be submitted to the state pollution control board and a public hearing would be conducted by the board, taking in suggestion and objections of all stake holders.\"The final report, which will include the minutes of public hearing, will be submitted to the Union ministry of environment and forest for environmental clearance,\" the official said.The Vizhinjam project is set to follow landlord port model. Dredging, reclamation and basic infrastructure such as construction of break-water and quay will be done once the port gets an eco nod from ministry of environment and forest.Port operation will be on public private partnership model. Terminal superstructure will be built by a private operator who will also operate and maintain it for 30 years. The port is proposed to be the first green port in the country, bringing several parameters to reduce carbon foot prints and will have a quay length of 2,000 m to be constructed in three phases. It will be designed to cater primarily for container transshipments, besides multi-purpose and break bulk cargo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17027569", "title": "Man shot at in Mhow", "text": "MHOW: A youth was seriously injured after he was shot at Gaikwad in Mhow on Tuesday morning.The incident occurred at 9.45 am when three youths -- Virendra, Basabt and Nitesh - attacked the house of one Sandeep, son of Kishore Verma. Virendra shot at Sandeep who received bullet injury on his back.A case has been registered against the trio under the Sections 147, 148, 149, 294, 307, 323 and 506 of the IPC.Sandeep was rushed to Gokuldas hospital, where he had undergone operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17027829", "title": "From bizarre to beautiful art - Cava Mela has it all", "text": "MYSORE: The students of Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts (Cava) are making the best use of trash to turn them into pieces of art. Such works are on display at the two-day Cava Mela that began on Tuesday.BFA second year student Kishore has created birds using corks, while MFA student Nagendra has made a camel using pipes. Shylesh has made a modern charaka using discarded cycling gym equipment, while another student has made a spider web using used tyres.Cava dean V S Deshpande said that their students have created works using waste and resources available in the college.This is the eighth year of Cava festival, and students have come out with innovative works. Deshpande said that Nagendra, first year student of Master of Fine Arts, has designed a camel using pipe and discarded materials. Cava Mela has been a platform for learners to explore their creativity. This is unique because it attracts alumni every year. Yogananda, an alumnus, said that students have come out with works based on issues like Cauvery water dispute and price rise of essential commodities.A student is also creating awareness on the impact of male chauvinism.Gautham, Srikrishna and Yashwanth have created a mock \"final procession\" of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on the lines of the one they saw at a recent agitation in Mandya. Poornima and her classmates have highlighted the sufferings of common man due to price rise through their work. Bhavanishankar and Kishore have depicted the suicide of mother and her girl child by jumping into a well. Kishore explains the work, saying that the mother has taken the drastic step following harassment by her husband and in-laws for not delivering a boy.Nagaprasad has made a pen stand using waste papers. The shapes of Buddha, folk art and tribal faces created on soaps by Shrithin are on sale.Shylesh, the creator of a modern charaka, said that he was given cotton to create an art work during a national art festival. The same inspired to come out with a charaka at Cava festival.Manju of photo journalism department has made an image of a gorilla to use it as background to take pictures of visitors wanting to pose with the large African ape. The students have also created an image of an elephant and a ship in front of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031024", "title": "Song for author Sunil Ganguly", "text": "Kabir Suman remembers the author in styleSunil Ganguly has left Kolkata bereft, but life continues. Kabir Suman has captured the poet's passing and the sense of loss in his new song, Oi rastar bankey. The song was written and put to tune on October 24, a day after the literary icon breathed his last at his Mandeville Gardens residence.The song that speaks about two lovers bumping into each other at the turn of a road and then going on a journey, is not a tribute, says Suman. \"It's a shocking thought that the city remains what it is, but without Sunil. Though I've never been a die-hard Sunil fan, he has been part of my growing up and even ageing. He has always been somewhere in the backdrop. And like a true artiste, I felt that he had been looking for something \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Neera, for example,\" he says. Neera, for Suman, is a metaphor \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not always a symbol of sexual love, but almost always of romance. \"There have been erosions, but this is a mad, mad city of love and romance. The song came to me accidentally... it was like an encounter. And like two lovers who meet accidentally, not knowing the point till where they can travel together, my romance with this city continues,\" says Suman.The song that begins with Oi rastar bankei holo dekha/ hochot khelam dujone duibhabe, is replete with real-life references. \"The first time I read Sunil's Atmaprakash, I literally stumbled. What an arrival! His Neera too is a metaphor for what the city is. Sunil had taken on a life-long journey of touching her, feeling her, discovering her. And now, Neera is left looking for Sunil,\" he explains. No wonder, the song ends with the line, \"Neerao ekhon khunjchhe Sunilkei\". Love is eternal, even if lovers aren't.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027948", "title": "Tech removes obstacles: BMRC chief", "text": "BANGALORE: If we have a vision for 2025, then we should start working towards it right infrastructure and the expertise needed for as early as 2015 now, said BMRC chairman N Sivasailam on Tuesday. He was speaking to delegates at a inaugural function of national convention of the Indian Institute Industrial Engineering.Most of the obstacles to development can be cut short with technology, he said. Citing the problems over relocation of BR Ambedkar's statue, he said the solution to this 'political' and 'social' problem was provided by technology, although the time for completion of work was compromised. \"When someone complained to me that piling work should be done in silence, I realized we should look for a solution to that problem,\" he said.He said some of the many issues to be addressed during development of infrastructure are environment and documentation. \"I should be able to convince a community as to why cutting trees is important for a project before the work starts,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17027647", "title": "Use knowledge for society, students told", "text": "HUBLI: Former VC of Gulbarga University and former director, Directorate of Legal Education of New Delhi, V B Coutinho, called upon the student fraternity to love and serve the country.Speaking after inaugurating the two-day conference on \"Rethinking legal education India,\" organized by the KSLU in Hubli on Tuesday, Coutinho said, legal education in the country has seen enormous change in the last three to four decades. Initially there was a two-year LLB course, over the years it was enhanced to three years. Now there is a five-year LLB course extensively preparing students for the profession, he added.Teachers have a bigger role to play in imparting legal education to students. They should prepare extensively before delivering each lecture, he added.Venkata Rao, VC of National Law School of India University, Bangalore, said the objective of education is \"not just information but formation,\" and that standard of life is more important than standard of living. Focusing on the aspect of teaching internal conduct to students by teachers, he added that it will help students \"glow through life\" and \"not merely go through life.\"On the inaugural function, KSLU VC JS Patil said that at present the focus of legal education is to study the formal law laid down by the state. The conference and its forthcoming editions are aimed at developing new methods of study of law to develop the concepts, principles and standards of law to bridge the gap between the formal legal system and informal social control systems. The two-day conference will cover jurisprudential aspects, personal law, rights law, public law and commercial law.Subhash Malkhede, registrar of KSLU, Arundhati Kulkarni, conference coordinator were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031049", "title": "Larger than life bash in the city", "text": "A trendy and wicked white night at The Blue Blazer in Sector 26 had city's swish set converging to welcome the winter. While a few soaked in the white theme, others couldn't resist the livewire performance of Nina Shah and Malika Haydon (The Electroverts fame). These Aussie bred DJs, currently based out of Mumbai, upped the party tempo, supported well by special lightening and upholstery.The swell bash saw the crowds pouring in early. And as the DJ duo started to belt out peppy tracks, there was excitement all over. They said, \"We love white themed parties because they add a new element to the nightlife. And it's really fun.\" The trend is also seen a turnaround of sorts, as it replaced black, which has remained the colour of parties since long. The jubilant crowd was all draped in white. \"We created special ambiance with special UV lights, special balloons, scarves to make Wicked White Night at The Blue Blazer the best,\" said MD of the place Ganeev Bains. The party is first exclusive white themed night being hosted in Chandigarh where the ceiling was decorated with white balloons, he added. For those who crave for everything large in life, there's Patiala peg night on the cards on Nov 10. \"It will be a pre-Diwali bash themed on Punjab. If there will be UK Punjabi music depicting festivities, the pegs will be equally big,\" informed Bains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17030956", "title": "Rains lash Andhra Pradesh under influence of cyclone Nilam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rains and strong gales hit Nellore in Andhra Pradesh and other neighbouring districts of Tamil Nadu under the influence of cyclonic storm 'Nilam'.The cyclone is expected to make a landfall on Wednesday evening between Cuddalore in Tamil Nadu and Nellore, bringing in heavy rains in the region with tide expected to reach levels of 1.5 meters.The Andhra Pradesh government has put administration of the coastal districts under alert to face the situation and made arrangements accordingly.Revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy said the impact in South-costal Andhra was unlikely to be as severe as was being feared.He spoke to officials of various districts on Tuesday to ensure that the local administration was geared up to face the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17027134", "title": "Now, a separate ward for dengue patients", "text": "GURGAON: The district health department has set up a separate ward for dengue patients in the Civil Hospital. Till few days back, dengue patients were mainly referred to Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital, but after the state's director general health services (DGHS) visit on last Saturday, the new ward had been set up and dengue patients were started being admitted here.DGHS N K Arora also directed the district health department to increase awareness measures to quell the panic among citizens. Arora said he came across cases where %patients having platelet %count around one lakh per micro litre sought blood transfusion which was absolutely %unnecessary.The state health department is also seeking a daily report on dengue from Gurgaon. Arora informed that about 10-15 viral patients are testing positive for dengue daily which are around 20% of all suspected cases.The department is hopeful that dip in temperature would also decrease dengue cases, but it is treading carefully before terming the situation normal. There is certainly a dip in the cases, but we are awaiting the results of some 200 blood samples lying with the Civil Hospital.\" The new ward has six beds where categorically only dengue patients will be admitted. The district health officials claimed that even though there was no separate ward fever patients were admitted to the hospital earlier too.While the Gurgaon health department had termed DGHS N K Arora's visit a routine one, the main focus, it was learnt, was on ways to curbing the vector borne disease. The senior official conducted a meeting with civil surgeon, principal medical officer and had also assessed the report about the reason for patients being referred to Delhi and not being provided platelet at the Civil Hospital. The health department had sought the report after TOI in its news report had highlighted the issue.According to the report, 60 patients were referred to Delhi during the last one month. Justifying the referral, civil surgeon Praveen Garg said many patients insisted that they were referred to Safdarjung. \"There were only few dengue cases in this list. Many patients had just fever and did not require any other treatment also insisted on referring them to Delhi. However, doctors were told not to give into the patient's demand and give them proper counselling.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030849", "title": "First look of Poonam Pandey's debut film to be unveiled soon", "text": "Actor Poonam Pandey's debut movie is one of the most sought after films in the industry today. The producers of the film are having a hard time trying to keep things under wrap before the Big day. The first look of the film that is just around the corner has been generating an astounding buzz in the industry and among impatient fans across the world .Poonam was busy tweeting and blogging about the name of her debut film all week. The Bindaas girl gave away ample clues and hints about the title of her titillation. There was an 'A' in the title that teased about an Addiction . But is that addiction really a Nasha or does it go beyond that and is called Charas ?In typical Poonam style, the actor has been teasing her fans with clues.But sources in the industry revealed that the title is very likely to be Nasha .Poonam is also ready with the first look of her film Sources state that the look of the film is extremely hot and that the debutante has been busy with her workshops. \"The workshops have been extremely fruitful. I have realised that there is more to me than just my body and the director Amit Saxena has made me aware of that. What he has also taught me is how to use my body to maximum effect. There are times when you really do not need to take your clothes off to titillate and that is what I have learnt from my work shops,\" says the actress matter-of-factly.Poonam's revelation is astounding and more so because it comes from her. Poonam shot to fame when she threatened to strip if India won the One day World Cup and did not live up to her promise.She, however, dropped her clothes when Shah Rukh Khan's cricket team Kolkatta Knight Riders managed to win the IPL cricket tournament. There have been several rumours about what the name of Poonam Pandey's debut film could be but the film directed by Saxena who has directed Jism before has not been titled, but Poonam says that the movie is certainly an erotic thriller and what she calls a \"coming of age film.\"The film according to Poonam was one which she chose for the script. \"I had over a hundred offers till date to act in all kinds of movies. But I chose this film because I wanted to be the heart of the story and not just a part of the script. I did not merely want to be relegated to be a prop on the set and wanted to act properly in the film and this film that Aditya Bhatia is producing promised to be that movie,\" says Poonam.The first look of the film will be out in the market this week and all Poonam can say that the film is based on addiction. \"There are different types of addiction. This film is also about one type of addiction and is certainly a movie that one will remember in the years to come,\" says the 21 year old debutante.\" Poonam ka Nasha sar chadh ke bolega ,\" quipped a source. When Poonam was quizzed about the title of her new film. The actor remained tightlipped. \"Wait for the magic to unveil. It will become an Addiction for you,\" she said. Let's wait and watch what surprise Poonam has in store for her fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17026577", "title": "Mamata calls UPA govt 'a corpse', supports Anna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s call for Parliament dissolution", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday described the UPA government as \"a corpse\", pooh-poohing Sunday's Cabinet rejig by a \"single-party government\".Addressing a press conference at Writers' Building, Mamata said, \"This is a minority government. Can you infuse life into a dead body?\" On October 15, the Trinamool supremo had called the UPA brain-dead, saying, \"The patient is dead. Somebody must remove the tube.\"Continuing in the same breath on Tuesday, she went to the extent of supporting Anna Hazare - on his demand for dissolution of Parliament. \"I was watching him on television... he said this government doesn't have the moral right to govern,\" Mamata said, adding, \"I had reservations about his (Anna's) movement, but now I am supporting him - because he has spoken in people's interest.\"The CM's reaction came 48 hours after her lieutenants dutifully fired salvo at the UPA, which introduced the biggest reshuffle ever while gearing for its last leg in power. On Tuesday, it was her turn to hit out.Initially, Mamata feigned indifference: \"This is the Congress' (internal) matter.\" And then came the outburst. Claiming that the reshuffle didn't make sense, she said, \"Tell me, who's is with them? Not Mayawati, not Mulayam nor DMK. When we joined the government, we gave our support in writing. When we quit, we wrote to the President. No dubious role here. We have simply asked for a no-confidence motion against the government,\" adding, \"Why don't they (the UPA) prove their majority suo motu?\"To rejuvenate the Bengal Congress, and more importantly, get even with the former ally, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday included two Mamata bete noir - Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury and Deepa Dasmunshi - into his Cabinet along with A H Khan Choudhury. Worse, Adhir was made the MOS, railways, which has been the chief minister's baby till she pulled out of the UPA. Both Choudhury and Dasmunshi, who is the Union minister of state for urban development, have threatened to expose the Trinamool ministers, in whose shoes they are now in.Mamata said, \"Pushed to a minority, this government is using the CBI and the enforcement directorate to intimidate. It has let loose customs and income-tax. As if the country is being ruled by the CBI ...\" Barely two years ago, she made it to the helm of the state, Mamata was know for her fetish for CBI probes into almost every \"wrong-doing\" committed by the erstwhile Left Front.To questions on the plethora of railway projects announced by her and her successor Mukul Roy, Mamata clarified, \"Every project has been cleared by the Planning Commission. Bids have been called for most projects. Work is on. If anyone tries to stall it, the people will speak out.\"Mamata adds: \"No other party, except Sharad Pawar's NCP is with them. This is the Congress' way of adjusting Sharad Pawar . The Congress government is unconstitutional.\"State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya returned the jibe in a counter press conference, saying: \"The chief minister should read the Constitution first.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028460", "title": "Spurious liqour claims three lives in Jaunpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three persons died after allegedly consuming spurious country-made liquor in Jaunpur district during the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday. Police were now on the lookout for others who had consumed liquor along with the deceased.The incident took place in Dhammaur Khas village under Khuthan police circle of Jaunpur. Reports said Ram Achal, Kamlesh and Sitaram - all residents of the same village attended a pre-marriage function organised by their neighbour, where they consumed liquor, which was followed by dinner. Over a dozen other locals and relatives of the host also shared the drinks.After the dinner was over, the three returned to their respective houses and went to bed. However about an hour later Ram Achal complained of vomiting and stomach ache. Kamlesh and Sitaram also took ill with somewhat similar complications. All the three were rushed to the hospital. While, Kamlesh and Sitaram reportedly died on their way to the closest medical facility, unconfirmed reports said that Ram Achal too succumbed to his illness on Tuesday morning.Reports said family members of Kamlesh and Sitaram did not report the matter to the police and instead went ahead to cremate the bodies of the two deceased. However police reportedly came to know about the incident and reached the cremation site to stop the funeral. The police then took the two dead bodies in their custody and sent them for post-mortem examination. Police, quoting the doctors attending Ram Achal at the district hospital, said the three had apparently consumed spurious liquor at the pre-marriage function held in their village, which resulted in their death.Police are now trying to trace the outlet from where the liquor was purchased to initiate further action into the incident. Further details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031593", "title": "I'm not eager to push my son into films, says Irrfan Khan", "text": "Actor Irrfan Khan's seven-year-old son Ayan has taken his first step into the spotlight, making a cameo appearance in the Hollywood film 'Life Of Pi', but his father insists he is not eager to push him into films.The actor, who stars alsongside Tabu in the Ang Lee-directed 3D film, says this is not the age for his son to act.\"He is just doing a friendly appearance as Ang Lee and the casting director wanted it. It was a friendly request so he did it. I thought it will be a different experience for him... just that. I am not eager to push him into films,\" Irrfan told in an interview.He felt that given Ayan's tender age, this is not the right time for him to often face camera and start acting, instead he must explore his interest across various fields.\"I don't think he should get this kind of exposure at his age. It is not an age to face the hardships you encounter in cinema, you do things in a way you are asked to do it. Like doing a shot at 3 in the morning... they are too young.\"\"It is time for exploration and not to decide what they should do. They should explore all fields which interest them,\" the 45-year-old award winning actor said.As a father, Irrfan said he still does not know if his son has the potential for acting. \"I don't know if there is any potential or not in him for acting. He has not shown interest in films.\"Based upon the best-selling novel by Yann Martel , Life Of Pi is a story of a young man and his travails at sea. The story revolves around a teenage boy, who is forced to survive on a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger after the ship he was travelling in sinks.Considering its content and the story line, Irrfan feels the film will entertain a six-year-old child and a 60-year-old person alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026680", "title": "CWG scams: Court asks CBI if FIR filed against CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Tuesday asked a senior CBI official to appear before it to explain if any FIR has been registered on a complaint against chief minister Sheila Dikshit and others alleging their involvement in large-scale corruption during the 2010 Commonwealth Games.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Manish Yaduvanshi issued notice to CBI SP Meenu Chodhary to appear before him on November 27, holding that the communication received from the CBI is silent on whether any FIR has been registered by it on the complaint made by RTI activist Vivek Garg.The matter pertains to a complaint filed by Garg through advocate Hari Om Gupta against Dikshit, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan and former CWG OC chairman Suresh Kalmadi for alleged corruption in various CWG projects. The complaint had been made to the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the Delhi Police. EOW told the court that it had forwarded the same to the CBI as it was already investigating various CWG cases.The court then asked EOW on September 26 to find out the status of the complaint. The CBI, in turn, had told the EOW that \"the allegations inquired into revealed that several allegations with respect to various stadiums mentioned in the complaint have already been covered by the CBI...\"In its communication to the EOW, the CBI had said, \"Matter related to the work of install-ation of CCTV at Thyagraj Stadium, Chhatrasal Stadium and Ludlow Castle Wrestling Stadium have not been looked into. Further details and documents called from departments concerned are awaited.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027649", "title": "DRI seizes smuggled high-end watches worth Rs 65 cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: Given the festive season, there seems to be a spurt in smuggling of high-end watches in the capital. Weeks after seizing smuggled watches worth over Rs 7 crore from the employees and owners of a well-known watch company in Delhi, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has put another big firm with showrooms across the capital in the dock.The Delhi zonal unit of DRI on Monday seized 1,750 high-end watches worth over Rs 65 crore from the residences of the owners and employees of the company.According to sources, the agency received information that the company, through one of its employees Pushpak Lakhani, had received a large number of smuggled watches in the past few weeks.Based on the information, a DRI team conducted raids at Lakhani's Greater Kailash residence and recovered 40 high-end watches and Rs 50 lakh. Investigations led DRI to another employee, identified as Shikha Pahwa, from whose residence at Pashchim Vihar another 50 watches and Rs 2 lakh was recovered.The officials were, however, stunned when they raided the Green Park residence of the owners and found over 1,600 watches worth more than Rs 55 crore stashed in the house. Officials also seized Rs 85 lakh in cash from the residence.According to DRI sources, the watches were being smuggled through couriers in the form of air passengers from Dubai and Hong Kong. In some cases, watches were also smuggled via the porous India-Nepal border.The DRI was conducting raids at the company's showrooms across Delhi till late in the night. \"The raids are still going on but we have already spotted discrepancies in the records. There could be more such recoveries from the showrooms. We will know the exact quantum of the scam after scrutinizing the documents,\" a source said.Sources said the company had been indulging in this malpractice for the past several years. Additional DG, DRI Delhi zone R K Sharma said, \"The investigations are still on. Details will be clear only after the raids are over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "koyyuru (visakhapatnam)", "code": "17027665", "title": "Maoists beefing up Andhra-Odisha Border cadre with children", "text": "KOYYURU (VISAKHAPATNAM): Eighteen-year-old Sindri Kondamma is an illiterate Kondu primitive tribal girl. A member of Korukonda area committee, Kondamma alias Nirmala quit the Maoist group last year. Kondamma was forcibly inducted into the Maoist ranks when she had just turned 14 after an ambush. \"They did not allow me to go back to my village,\" she recalls with tears welling up in her eyes. \"There are several minors in Maoist squads,\" she reveals. She herself took part in three famine raids and three encounters with cops. She came out of the dense jungles by giving a slip to the Maoists and married a former militia member Marri Ranju.Kondamma's words cannot be taken lightly as the Maoist leadership in the Andhra-Odisha Border (AOB) is now busy recruiting minor boys and girls -- as young as 13-14 years - to impart momentum to their movement, which is fast losing ground in AP. While the increasing deployment of `child soldiers' has been widely acknowledged in neighbouring Odisha and Chhattisgarh , the trend of using minors from the remote Agency areas of Visakhapatnam and its border tracts is alarming. Vantala Chinnari of GK Veedhi mandal says she joined the dalam at the instigation of Galikonda area commander Krishna when she was 14. \"I was helpless. Before I could realise, I was running from one forest to another, taking part in encounters,\" she says. Now 20, she lives in her tribal hamlet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17028169", "title": "Finally, we're getting Cauvery water", "text": "BANGALORE: There is an air of anticipation in areas that will benefit from the Cauvery Water Supply Scheme Phase II Stage IV. The project , set to be commissioned on Wednesday , is expected to bring Cauvery water to Bangalore's outlying areas like Yelahanka, Byatarayanapura, Bommanahalli, Mahadevapura and Electronics City.\"This is definitely good news. The day they began giving out application forms, we collected them and submitted our documents soon after,\" said Manjula Chhabra, a resident of Electronics City.Living in Yelahanka for over four years now, Nikhil Reddy is happy. For, the inauguration means he will soon have access to Cauvery water. \"So far, it was tanker water put into the borewell . Finally we get a share of Cauvery water,\" said Reddy.However, response to the scheme is not exactly buoyant. Only 89,000 residences have collected application forms for Cauvery water connection in the beneficiary areas, while 28,000 have submitted filled up forms since. BWSSB officials said the response was not as anticipated as people wanted to see water flow out of their taps first and then pay up for it. \"We have held various camps in the CMC ( City Municipal Council) areas where we encouraged people to apply for connections by filling up a form 'Sajala' . We are getting a good response,\" claimed BWSSB chief Gaurav Gupta.BWSSB is also set to start online submission of application for the benefit of consumers. It will also set up a task force to keep a check on private plumbers who are allegedly charging exorbitant amounts as administrative and meter installation charges for facilitating water supply pipelines to independent houses.The correct pictureAnticipated number of applications for new connections: 2.2 lakh Actual number of applications obtained by people: 88,965 Completed applications submitted to BWSSB: 28,023.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028345", "title": "HC dismisses anticipatory bail plea by SP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday dismissed the anticipatory bail application of Superintendent of Police (vigilance), Mohali, Amandeep Kaur, who had allegedly implicated an excise and taxation officer (ETO) in a false corruption case.ETO Ranjeet Singh had committed suicide three days after his arrest by a vigilance bureau team headed by Kaur on March 29, 2011, allegedly while accepting a bribe to release a trader's consignment. Justice K S Puri has dismissed Kaur's anticipatory bail petition, finding no merit in it.The additional district and sessions judge, Mohali, too had dismissed her anticipatory bail petition, following which she moved the high court.The Punjab government had ordered a probe into the matter, which was conducted by a team of two officers -- Mansavi Kumar and Harpreet Singh Sidhu. In its report, the probe team had indicted Kaur and others for abetment to suicide.A local court in Mohali had also directed police to register a case against the guilty officials on July 27, taking cognizance of a petition filed by deceased ETO's wife, Manjeet Kaur. In her petition, she had alleged that her husband was implicated in a false case, which drove him to commit suicide. The ETO was arrested by the vigilance team on March 29 but on his release by a local court on April 20, he committed suicide by consuming celphos tablets at his residence in Phase-II, Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027927", "title": "PM to deliver pep talk to council of ministers on Thursday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will meet the entire council of ministers on Thursday in what is expected to be an occasion for Singh to give his new-look team a \"we-can-do-it\" speech as he seeks to quicken reforms and rollout key welfare schemes.With 17 ministers having taken oath on Sunday the PM's team has 11 ministers of state with independent charges several of whom are younger faces promoted by Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi , who the party is banking on to get down to work and deliver results.Singh has met his council of ministers earlier as well, once when ministers of state complained they had very little work to do. He had then suggested senior ministers ensure their junior colleagues feel utilized.But when he meets his ministers later this week, Singh is likely to call on them to concentrate fully on their tasks as UPA-II enters the slog overs of its term ahead of an election in early 2014.The government's job is cut out with a crippling policy freeze and a slew of distracting corruption scandals coincided with a global economic slow down. The PM's office has been working hard to get rid of regulatory and procedural blocks in areas like power, roads, railways and environment.The reshuffle saw a careful choice of ministers being slotted in departments like power, mines, corporate affairs and broadcasting and railways to ensure that targets are met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030542", "title": "R-Patz signs $12m deal to become new face of Dior fragrance", "text": "Robert Pattinson has reportedly landed a 12-million-dollar deal to become the new face of Christian Dior's men's fragrances.According to E! News, the deal with the French fashion house is for three years.\"Rob likes the brand,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as saying.The 'Twilight' star will be following in the footsteps of fellow Brit Jude Law by starring in a series of advertising campaigns for the fashion brand.Hollywood A-listers like Charlize Theron and Natalie Portman have also appeared in commercials for Dior perfume, while Pattinson's girlfriend Kristen Stewart is the face of Balenciaga's Florabotanica perfume.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17027537", "title": "Ramakrishna Beach turning into an eyesore", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Ramakrishna Beach has a charm of its own. The sharp sloping beach with its rock formations holding back the surging waves has always been a treat for both denizens of the city and tourists alike. \"Whenever I think of Visakhapatnam, the first thing that comes to my mind is RK Beach,\" said Satyanarayana Dash of Cuttack. But sadly, the beach today wears an ugly look due to large-scale pollution caused by 'geddas' (streams) which flush sewer water into the sea, huge pile of plastic waste strewn around, human defecation and garbage. Some beaches are even hit by industrial effluents that are let out mindlessly into the open sans treatment.With the beaches getting dirtier by the day, the blue waters, golden-hued sands, sea shells, green palms and the Olive Ridleys are fast vanishing. While the enforcing authority, Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC), is yet to get its act together to keep toxic pollutants off the beaches, schoolchildren, NGOs and navy personnel often chip in to clean up the beaches to drive home the point about clean and green enivronment. Less than two weeks ago, a massive drive was taken up along the coast in and around the city and truckloads of plastic waste were recovered. However, a few days later, the beaches were back to their filthy avatar. The Lawson's Bay (LB) beach is on the verge of losing its very identity due to the massive pollution.Uta Gedda, a perennial stream that flowed from Waltair uplands through Daspalla hills skirting Harbour Park, flows into the sea bringing with it sewer-infested toxic waste. The Uta Gedda, which was once the pride of Pandimetta in Maharanipeta, pollutes the RK Beach exactly near the Scandal Point. \"Who is to be blamed for this mess? The authorities? Yes. But also the apathy of the general public,\" says retired government official PNR Rao.Uta Gedda has turned into a nala carrying sewage largely because of the slums that have come up on the slopes of Daspalla Hills. Once a nature lover's delight, the gedda had turned into a squatters' colony, the residents of which clearly have the blessings of short-sighted politicians resorting to vote-bank politics.According to D N Sinha, an old-timer, there was a proposal to convert the stream and the surrounding area into a park. It did not materialize, and soon 'needy' squatters took over all the way down to the Round Bungalow grounds resulting in the choking of the water outlet. It did not take too long for the stream to get highly polluted. The residents of the colony turned the upstream beds into a dhobi ghat and the downstream was reduced to an open air community toilet.\"I cannot believe that the gedda which was known for its sparkling water and teeming with tadpoles, is in such a despicable state,\" rued A Gopal whose favourite pastime as a young lad was to catch tadpoles here. As always, officials wasted no time in regularising the colony which is now a packed concrete jungle.Sources at the Pollution Control Board (PCB) said the only way the streams could be kept clean was by setting up sewerage treatment plants (STPs). But a plant at every stream is not practical. In such cases, they observed that the water must be diverted to the nearest STP. EAS Sarma of Forum for Better Visakha said the STP at the LB Beach was not functioning to its full capacity. \"The drains carry pollutants and unless GVMC cleans them periodically, the beaches would continue to be filthy,\" he said.Civic activists say the responsibility lies with the GVMC. Apart from draining hazardous waste into the sea, the polluted streams are posing a threat to the existence of sea turtles which nest close to the RK Beach. \"The situation is bad. The Olive Ridley population is dwindling fast and the numbers of hatchlings are coming down drastically due to the polluted water being drained into the beach. The soil is turning black in many areas. We have petitioned the authorities but nothing is being done,\" complained animal rights activist Pradeep Nath.The GVMC authorities claim that steps are being taken to ensure that the polluted water does not drain into the sea. Chief engineer Jairam Reddy told TOI that a lot of work was being done on that front. \"We can only do the work in phases. Many such streams have been diverted to sewer lines for treatment and work is on at the RK Beach,\" he added.(This is the first in a series of articles on TOI's campaign to clean Vizag's beaches)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "17030835", "title": "Sri Lankan parliament to impeach first woman chief justice: Report", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka's ruling coalition is all set to impeach the country's first woman chief justice on the charges of \"improper conduct\" after weeks of a simmering spat between the executive and the judiciary, a media report said.A motion to remove Chief Justice Shirani Bandaranayake from the post will be handed over to the parliamentary speaker on Thursday, the Sinhala language daily 'Lankadeepa' said on Wednesday.The government parliamentary group had endorsed the move at a meeting of the ruling coalition leaders, it said.The speaker will be informed on the motion under section 107 of the constitution with one third of parliament's 225 members or 75 MPs putting their signatures on the motion.The paper said the motion is to be moved on the basis of \"chief justice's improper conduct\" and had been signed already by 117 members of the government.The move follows weeks of a simmering spat between the executive and the judiciary, it said.The government was irked by a ruling on a major financial bill in which theSupreme Court held that the bill must be referred to provincial councils for approval before being submitted in national parliament.In mid-September the Judicial Service Commission issued a public statement claiming interference in the judiciary by the executive.Early this month the secretary to the commission, judge Manjula Thilakaratne, was assaulted by an unknown group which the opposition blamed on the government.Last week, Bandaranayake's husband Pradeep Kariyawasam was indicted by the anti-graft commission for his role as chairman of the state savings bank over a dubious share deal.Bandaranayake who was appointed last year became the first woman to head the highest court. She was also the first woman judge in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030212", "title": "No script for Ugly movie actors", "text": "For the next film that Anurag Kashyap is all set to direct, the auteur director has selected a new work-method. No actor has been given a script. Instead they've all been given a brief outline for their characters.Ronit Roy plays a Bengali teetotaler while Tejaswini Kolhapure plays his alcoholic wife. In fact, the two lead actors are unaware that they're working with each other! They've been asked to report for the first day of shooting on October 21. When we asked Ronit about the novel shooting method he said, \"I don't think any member of the cast has been given a script.I've only been asked to report on the set on October 21. Beyond that Anurag refused to say anything.I think he wants a certain kind of spontaneity in the characters and the script.I've been told I'm playing a Bengali teetotaler . Beyond that I will get to know what I've to do only when I reach the sets.\" While Ronit refrained from any further comment we got to know that there are no positive characters in Ugly . Every character is \"dark and unfinished\". In the words of a friend of Kashyap , \"This would be Anurag's darkest film to date.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17028746", "title": "State urges Centre to release Rs 325crore compensatory afforestation fund management and planning authority fund", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has sent a proposal to the Centre for utilizing Rs 325 crore from the state's compensatory afforestation fund management and planning authority (CAMPA) funds, Rs 32 crore of which would be spent to prevent elephant deaths by electrocution.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik , while meeting Union environment and forests minister Jayanti Natarajan in New Delhi on Tuesday, urged her to sanction the funds on yearly basis for a period of five years.While the Union minister has already agreed to sanction Rs 32 crore to check jumbo casualties, she has also asked the state government to send a separate proposal in this regard.\"Works in this regard should be undertaken by state energy department or PSUs, not by private distribution companies,\" she was quoted as saying in the press release.Naveen exhorted Natarajan to expedite the approval of the proposed establishment of National Wetland and Coastal Ecosystem Research and Training Centre (NWCERTC) in Bhubaneswar.The state government has identified two acre land in the city for the project.Though the ministry has given its nod to the National Wetland and Coastal Ecosystem Research and Training Centre, it is pending with the planning commission for concurrence. Once the planning commission gives its clearance, the ministry will take prompt action for its quick establishment, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17027986", "title": "Violations rampant as Trichy RTO short-staffed", "text": "TRICHY: Regional transport officer S Balasubramaniam has said that he cannot concentrate on number plate violations as his office is acutely short-staffed. Number plate violations, ranging from unauthorized fancy fonts and numbers in varying sizes, to sporting political and religious symbols, have become the order of the day in Trichy. Though Balasubramaniam has captured most such violations on his mobile phone, he is helpless for want of manpower to book violators. \"It is indeed a menace. For instance, a registration number such as 6055 or 8055 is designed in such a way to resemble the word \"BOSS\", and single digit numbers illegally prefixed with three zeroes,\" he said.There are only three inspectors serving at the office against a sanctioned strength of six. In fact, the third inspector was deputed from the zonal flying squad recently. Each zone has a flying squad with the RTO at the helm and two inspectors under him. Even the two inspectors were on Tuesday deputed for additional duty on Thevar Jayanthi, Balasubramaniam said.Three posts in the category of superintendents are vacant, and all the five sanctioned posts in the category of assistant superintendents are vacant. Among the eight junior assistants, three are vacant. There is only one record clerk instead of the sanctioned two, and there are two office assistants instead of the sanctioned three. The only watchman's post is vacant at the sprawling three-storey office building that stands alone some five km from the Central bus stand. These days, office assistants double up as watchmen in rotation, said Balasubramaniam.Even the post of his immediate superior, the zonal deputy transport commissioner, who has jurisdiction over Trichy, Srirangam, Perambalur and Ariyalur is vacant. At present, Thanjavur DTC Veerasekharan has been given additional charge of Trichy. As a result, it becomes increasingly difficult to track defaulting vehicles that do not pay road taxes within the deadline, he said. As many as 50 defaulters, most of them trucks, have been identified, but since they are movable properties, attaching them is not easy, he said. Also, petty squabbles over the allotment of \"eye-catching or auspicious numbers\" between police officers and the revenue departments strains the office a lot, he added.The Trichy RTO has to monitor 22,000 transport vehicles and 5.5 lakh non-transport vehicles including four lakh two-wheelers. Among the transport vehicles, unlike autos and tourist vehicles, buses, trucks and maxi cabs must pay their road tax every quarter. They also have the option of paying up their taxes annually. \"To monitor all these vehicles, and to comply with the transport commissioner's insistence that all arrears regarding road tax collection within the stipulated deadline be met, is an almost impossible job. But we do our bit without murmurs because it is the same (short-staffed) situation all over the state,\" he said.Meanwhile, the state transport commissioner on Tuesday held a meeting with all deputy transport commissioners to discuss ways to contain two-wheeler accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030726", "title": "20 Best foods for your 40s", "text": "Normal wrinkles, blemishes and baldness asidem, as you age - your body becomes weaker with each advancing decade. The 40s, for most, are a great leveller as it is during this decade that poor health begins to make its presence felt.Several folks develop symptoms for high cholesterol , diabetes and arthritis , making eating healthy food a high priority in the 40s. If you are one of them, and are confused about what to eat in your 40s, then here's some help for you. Today, Dr. Eileen Canday - Chief Dietician at Breach Candy Hospital, lists out 20 must have foods for your 40s.AlmondsAlmonds are rich in amino acids and vitamin E. This is a good snack for those with cholesterol problems, as almonds help lower cholesterol and keep your arteries free from dangerous problems.YoghurtRegular consumption of yoghurt helps to nourish and smoothens the skin. Yoghurt has skin softening properties like calcium, vitamin A and vitamin D. Prefer low fat yoghurt.FlaxseedsFlaxseeds are good for those with osteoporosis and cholesterol problem. They are rich in protein, fiber and omega-3 fatty acids, which helps to erase fine lines on the skin and lower cholesterol level.Whole grainsWhole grains are high in fiber and potassium. Whole grains help to battle against increasing blood pressure and prevent weight gain in your 40s.Include whole wheat bread, brown rice, oats and quinoa in your diet.Sweet potatoesThis is one of the healthiest foods to eat in your 40s. Sweet potatoes help to reduce the effect of secondhand smoke, prevent diabetes and also promote immune health.Additionally, they are loaded with vitamin C, which helps to nourish your skin.Soy milkA good snack for those suffering from osteoporosis and other bone problems. Soy milk is rich in vitamin A, vitamin B2, vitamin B1, calcium and protein which help to increase bone density.Lean beefLean beef is rich in iron. Iron helps in transporting oxygen efficiently from lungs to various cells in your body.TunaTuna is one of the best sources of protein and contains zero saturated fat. To prevent shrinking muscles feed yourself with tuna to maintain your body and muscles.Green leafy vegetablesSpinach and other leafy vegetables are the ultimate food for humans. Green leafy vegetables are loaded with crucial minerals, potassium, magnesium and lutein-an antioxidant.These nutrients help to avert blocked arteries, boost bone-mineral density, lower skin tumor risk and increases blood flow throughout the body.StrawberriesStrawberries are good for your skin health. Strawberries are loaded with antioxidants like anthocyanins and phenols in abundance, which helps to prevent cell damage.GrapesAntioxidants present in red grapes prevent artery blockage and lowers bad cholesterol. Similarly, a glass of red wine can also perform similar miracles.SalmonAs you age, the power of your brain may decline. Eating salmon helps to prevent dementia and Alzheimer's, as it is filled with DHA, EPA and omega-3 fatty acids.All these three vital nutrients help nerve cells to communicate easily, which helps to remember and recollect things faster.Green teaGreen tea has a high level of polyphenols, which possess excellent anti-aging properties. Further, some studies suggest that it may also be effective in reducing weight for those who are leading an otherwise healthy life.BeansBeans are rich in folic acid. This helps to maintain daily iron needs of the body and forms healthy new cells.BlueberriesThese tiny little blueberries have the ability to prevent a range of diseases from cancer to heart disease. They are rich in fiber, vitamin A, vitamin C and loaded with antioxidants.CarrotsCarrots are natures own wonder wand for good eye and skin health. Daily consumption of carrots helps to remove dead cells from the skin and also reduces the risk of certain types of cancer and rheumatoid arthritis.ApplesAn apple a day in your 40s will help keep various ailments like Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and prostate cancer at bay. Apple contains quercetin and various inflammation-fighting antioxidants.BroccoliBroccoli contains powerful anticancer properties. It is loaded with calcium, manganese, potassium, phosphorous and vitamin A and C.FigsThis small fruit is packed with potassium, manganese and other antioxidants. These nutrients, when consumed together, help maintain proper pH level in the body while lowering insulin.It is a must-have fruit for those suffering from diabetes.WalnutsWalnuts are the vegetarian substitute for salmon. Walnuts are rich in omega-3 fatty acids. They help to keep your brain active in your 40s. Read more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027297", "title": "Guarding homes risking lives", "text": "KOCHI: They are all above 60 and risk their lives to earn Rs 5,000 a month.And as they come cheap, residents in the city bank on them to guard their homes and properties.There are nearly 2,000 to 3,000 old men posted as guards at various homes in the city.\"Don't call these people security guards. They are just guards posted by residents to ensure that there is somebody at home,\" said city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar.\"We can't expect old people to physically overpower intruders. These guards are not trained, nor do they carry weapons. They know the risks involved in guarding a home. Police patrol teams often spot these old men dozing off during the night and policemen wake them up,\" said the commissioner.Though there is the Kerala Private Security Agencies Rules 2010 in place intended to regulate mushrooming of private security agencies, these agencies continue to deploy old people as security guards. Agencies, however, blame residents for promoting appointment of old people as guards. \"People are not ready to shell out money for young security guards. Residents approach us asking for guards who will need to be paid only Rs 5,000 a month. Where can we get trained youngsters for Rs 5,000 a month? We are forced to appoint old people,\" said the owner of a security agency.The government framed the rules to ensure that only security agencies that meet the minimum operational standards function in the state. There are only 50 registered private security agencies in the state though Kerala is a huge market.As per the central association of private security industry ( CAPSI), over 50 per cent of the private security agencies in Kerala are not registered and are fly-by-night operators.Ernakulam district residents' association apex council ( EDRAAC) president P Rangadasa Prabhu said there was no point in appointing old people as guards at homes.\"Old people opt for the job because it is not physically taxing. But residents who appoint them must think of the risk involved in case of a burglary attempt,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17027522", "title": "Maya Kodnani supporters greet her outside SIT court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a two-month stay in Sabarmati Central Jail, former state minister Maya Kodnani was brought to the special SIT court to attend the Naroda Gam rioting case on Tuesday. Members of the Sindhi community thronged the campus at the old high court near Income Tax. Kodnani turned emotional when she was greeted by people from her constituency. Kodnani has been sentenced to 28-year jail term in the Naroda Patia case. In the Naroda Gam case, she and Bajrangi are accused and have been facing trial for the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17027766", "title": "Two dengue cases detected in Purnia", "text": "PURNIA: The worst fears have come true, and what was being talked about in whispers till a few days back is now loud and clear. Dengue has knocked here and at least two cases of the disease have been confirmed so far.A 25-year-old man, Sonu Gupta, who is a resident of Maranga on the outskirts of Purnia town, was tested positive in rapid test. He fell a victim to dengue a few days back and was admitted to the sadar hospital here.Another case of dengue is Mohammad Shafi, a resident of Delhi, who had come to his 'sasural (in-laws' place)' at Agha Tola at Ranipatra, some eight kilometres from Purnia. Shafi fell a victim of dengue in Delhi on October 20, and was treated for a while at a hospital at Malaviya Nagar there. He came to his 'sasural' at Ranipatra a few days back with dengue symptoms. When Shafi's condition showed signs of deterioration with high fever, he was taken to sadar hospital in Purnia. He was confined to dengue ward on Saturday last.Purnia civil surgeon R C Mandal confirmed that two cases of dengue were admitted at the sadar hospital and were being treated. Dr Upendra Tiwari, attending on the dengue patients in sadar hospital, said that both Sonu Gupta and Mohammad Shafi tested positive in the rapid test, and were dengue patients. \"The confirmatory Elisa test reports were, however, awaited,\" he added. Both the patients were recuperating fast, Tiwari said.Katihar civil surgeon Yogendra Prasad said there were no cases of dengue anywhere across the district, but health officials have been asked to be alert. Besides, Katihar Municipal Corporation officials were also asked to immediately start fogging in the densely populated Katihar town, he added.Likewise, health officials in Kishanganj district are also on alert. \"There has so far been no case of dengue in the district, but, to be on safe side, we have already called for dengue kits,\" said Dr N K Prasad, medical officer at Kishanganj hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028688", "title": "Documentaries to promote tourism in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) is making documentaries on important tourist spots in the state to attract foreign tourists. Heritage sites, historic spots and places of religious importance will be captured in the six-episode documentary which will be shown on an international travel channel in February next year.The tourism corporation has identified areas that have tourism potential like Mumbai, Konkan, Vidarbha, Marathwada and forts surrounding Pune, said MTDC managing director Jagdish Patil.The Mahalaxmi temple in Kolhapur is being filmed at present. Well-known wrestling centres, the New Palace and Rankala lake in the city, besides the making of world famous Kolhapuri chappals will also be documented in the coming days.With a separate episode on Mumbai other episodes will focus on nature, heritage and culture of Maharashtra. Said Patil, \"Maharashtra has become highly urbanized in recent years. It is an advantage for attracting foreign tourists as they can find accommodation in a city and go for sight-seeing in the surrounding areas. For instance, tourists can stay in Nagpur and visit Tadoba, Pench and other sites. Similarly those staying in Pune can visit hills stations such as Panchgani, Mahabaleshwar and several forts around Pune.\"The documentary also features the Lonar crater in Buldhana district near Aurangabad, which is of interest to foreigners because it was created by a meteor. \"It has an interesting history and many foreign scientists often visit this crater for study. Foreigners are interested in such phenomenon so the crater has been captured in detail,\" Patil said.The coastal Maharashtra along the Konkan region has also featured in this documentary as beaches are another attraction for tourists. Besides, forts around Pune including Sinhagad, Shivneri, Rajgad and Lohagad will also be captured by the team making the documentary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17028197", "title": "2 kids flee shelter, one found dead", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Even as the reputation of several shelters and orphanages in the state recently came under a cloud because of incidents of abuse, two boys were reported missing from a prominent street children's shelter in Koparkhairane.The two boys-Manoj Kadam (11) and Akash Pawar (15) -had reportedly walked out of Mermier Bal Ashram in Sector 11, Koparkhairane, on October 17. Two days later, shockingly , Manoj's body was discovered in the creek at Vashi while Akash continues to remain missing. The reason behind their sudden disappearance from the shelter remains a mystery.Boy who died was at shelter for 7 yearsWhen TOI contacted Mermier Bal Ashram, its officials confirmed that the boys went missing and Manoj was later found dead. \"On our CCTV records, the boys were last seen walking out of the ashram on October 17. The two were not close friends so we don't know why they did this,\" said ashram administrator N Sawant.Manoj, who was taken into the ashram as his mentally unbalanced mother could not take care of him, had been at the shelter for seven years, while Akash was there for nine. \"Akash's parents were very poor and would camp at railway stations,\" said Sawant. \"They were at Grant Road station, then at Malad and then Mira Road.\" The ashram, run by Jan Vikas Society, was founded in 2001 to shelter and educate poor street children. Now, it has 35 boys who go to day and night schools in the area.The Child Welfare Committee (CWC) in Thane has initiated an official inquiry into the incidents . When asked if the boys were facing any problems in the shelter or had had a fight with other boys there, Sawant said: \"Sometimes, the kids do have petty fights over minor issues like sharing pencils and crayons. But we don't know of any particular reason why these two kids went missing; the CWC is investigating that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027905", "title": "Life-saving drugs face space crunch at chemist shops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Potency of highly-expensive drugs like those for anti-cancer could be taking a beating, thanks to a space crunch in retail chemists' refrigerators.The Parliamentary standing committee on health has found that chocolates and soft drinks mostly get priority over expensive life-saving drugs during summer in retail chemists' fridges, causing a loss in potency of expensive medicines.The committee said, most of such imported drugs are \"highly temperature-sensitive and may lose their potency if not stored properly. There is no procedure to test drugs being sold outside the retail chain. Besides being exorbitantly expensive, there is always the possibility of spurious/duplicates entering the supply chain.\"Citing the example of anti-cancer drug Herceptin (priced at over a lakh), the panel says it \"is extremely anxious on both counts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d such hugely costly imported drugs losing their potency before use and the possibility of fakes entering the chain.\"Drug Controller General of India Dr G N Singh agreed with the finding, and admitted that \"it is a serious threat to the potency of life-saving drugs.\"Dr Singh said the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) is finalizing guidelines for good storage and distribution practices for India's eight lakh retail chemists.\"We are adapting the guidelines from those already prepared by the World Health Organization (WHO) for global implementation. We are making them India specific and will make them available to retail chemists within two weeks,\" said Dr Singh.He added, \"In a recent meeting in Chandigarh with association of retail chemists, I warned them how bad storage and distribution practices among them will only help multinational drug chains to benefit. We will gradually educate the retail chemists. Keeping drugs in right temperature and storing them properly is vital for their potency.\"The standing committee has recommended that specifically in the case of temperature-sensitive products such as insulins due consideration should be given to the reference samples of the same batch preserved by the manufacturers.It also pointed out how at present a large number of finished ready-to-use drugs, in excess of 1,000 have been approved by CDSCO to be imported not only by pharmaceutical companies but traders as well.Most traders import and sell the drugs directly to patients on receiving tips from prescribers.However, there is no mechanism in place to test such formulations once they leave the port of entry because they are not sold at retail chemists. Drugs inspectors collect samples from either the premises of manufacturers or more commonly from retailers.\"There is no procedure to test drugs being sold outside the retail chain. It is strange that multinational drug companies that have well staffed marketing offices in India, instead of importing drugs from their overseas affiliates and selling them are using traders to handle this activity.\"Apart from risk to patients, there is leakage of revenue to income tax. While the promotional expenses on imported formulations are being paid by the Indian branch of multi national companies thus reducing income tax liability, there is no corresponding income since traders are paying directly to overseas offices of MNCs. The committee would like the ministry to ensure that in cases where MNCs have offices in India, traders are not permitted to import formulations of such companies,\" the panel added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17028068", "title": "Rahul Gandhi is already No. 2 in Congress party, Janardan Dwivedi says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The build-up to Rahul Gandhi's elevation as Congress number two has started with the emphatic assertion that there is no doubt about his position in the party.Asked when he would be formally designated as secretary general or working president, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said, \"Something is due. It may happen when it is ready. Rahul Gandhi is number two in the party. His place is after the Congress president. It is not a hidden fact. There is no ambiguity about it. PM Manmohan Singh has said that Rahul is the future leader. There is no shying away from it.\"The proclamation of Rahul's imminent coronation amid speculation over the timing of AICC reshuffle to promote him indicated that it is time for bugles for another generation of Gandhis to take over the party.The recast of Congress organization will come after the Sunday rejig of the Union ministry which saw promotion and induction of young ministers who are seen as the party's GenNext. It is a prelude to Rahul taking over the organization as the launch pad for the 2014 elections.Dwivedi made it clear that even as general secretary, Rahul was the first among equals and that the designation, whenever it comes, would merely be a de jure stamp on what is already de facto. \"This has been accepted by every forum in the party \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from block level to the plenary,\" he said.The definitive tone marks the onset of \"succession season\", likely to end with 2014 polls. Partymen say it may not be succession in literal terms since Sonia Gandhi was still going to be the party chief but Rahul would soon be handling day-to-day management of the party after he is delineated number two.Rahul is expected to be designated as either 'secretary general' or \"working president'. He is presently general secretary in charge of youth outfits.\"It is part of the succession plan,\" a leader said.The timing of AICC rejig to promote Rahul's takeover is planned to complement the reshuffle of the Union ministry that would convey a sense of purpose in the ruling camp which has been in disarray. The corruption issue and the policy paralysis at the Centre have hurt the popular perception about Congress.Rahul's elevation would be part of his projection as prime ministerial candidate in 2014 polls with a message that the party was looking to move on from the old guard that has represented old politics.The rejig will help Congress steal a march on the leadership issue over the opposition NDA, which is still to settle its PM candidate in view of jostling among the BJP satraps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028221", "title": "Endangered Pak bird found at Harike wildlife sanctuary", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The endangered Jerdon's babbler or the Sindh Jerdon's babbler (Chrysomma altirostre scindicum) recorded only in the Indus valley of Pakistan was discovered at the Harike wildlife sanctuary near Amritsar on Tuesday by a three-member team of birdwatchers led by Gunjan Arora of New Delhi. Three pairs of this bird, whose typical habitat is the tall grasslands along river valleys, were photographed and their calls recorded on islands between the rivers Satluj and Beas just before their confluence at Harike.\"This is a great discovery of the babbler by the team. I can confirm that three pairs have been found in an undisturbed habitat called the 'riyasat' area of Harike. This team -- that also includes a birdwatcher from Mumbai and another from Delhi -- explored inaccessible marshes in the region. We believe these babblers had been there at Harike since long but had never been discovered. This babbler is known to be a localised bird and does not migrate. There are two other sub-species of this babbler, Chrysomma altirostre griseigularis and Chrysomma altirostre altirostre, which are found in Nepal/North-east India and Myanmar respectively. But the Sindh sub-species was recorded till now only in the Indus valley,\" M Sudhagar, DFO (wildlife), at Harike told ToI.The Jerdon's babbler is classified as an \"endangered\" species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and feeds on grass seeds and insects like grasshoppers.\"Although the size of the Jerdon's babbler population is unknown, it is inferred to be small and declining as a result of the severe reduction in tall wet grassland habitat throughout its range. It has clearly shown a serious range contraction during the 20th century,\" according to the book 'Threatened Birds of Asia', by the renowned avian NGO, Birdlife International (BI).According to BI, the babbler prefers such dense and tall riverine grasses that spotting it is very difficult. Its flight is very dodgy and swift and this contributes to further making the bird inaccessible to easy human observation. The Jerdon's babbler discovery mirrors the unearthing of the highly-endangered Indus dolphin at Harike in 2007. This dolphin is found only in the Indus river and its tributaries and Harike and the Beas river upstream of Harike is the only known area in India to harbour this dolphin.The discovery of the babbler reinforces Harike's reputation for turning up the rarest of strays, vagrants and indigenous birds. Harike can boast of such sightings as the Bean goose (2003) and the Pectoral sandpiper (1995), which are birds that are defined as vagrants not known to migrate to the sub-continent. With the addition of the Jerdon's babbler, Harike's checklist of birds is close to 400 species of local, regionally migrant and trans-border migrant species.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17031181", "title": "Cyclone Nilam may hit Chennai by evening", "text": "CHENNAI: Nilam, the cyclone which is expected to hit parts of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, has moved closer to Chennai on Wednesday morning and is expected to make a landfall by evening. From 450km on Tuesday, centre of the cyclone moved to 260km south-east of Chennai. \"It seems to have intensified. It is expected to hit between Puducherry and Nellore between 5.30pm and 11.30pm,\" said Y E A Raj of India Meteorological Department.The speed of the wind at a point where the cyclone is located, was 80km per hour at 11.30am. \"It will pick up speed as it moves north and will reach speeds up to 110km per hour when it reaches Chennai. We will have gusty winds and heavy rains,\" said Raj.After a slight drizzle, Chennai has been more or less calm with sudden gusts of wind on Wednesday morning. The Ennore automatic weather station recorded a maximum speed of just 35km per hour. \"We are monitoring changes in the windspeeds by the second. The state government will be informed if there are any spikes,\" he said.Met officials say that predicting the direction of cyclone is difficult. \"Last year's Thane moved over the ocean for most part. Its intensity and directions were relatively easier to predict. The dynamics for Nilam along the coast, are different,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030549", "title": "Konkana's out of the 'Baksho'", "text": "The scene was set at Bharat Lakshmi Studio and with Aparna Sen at the helm of affairs, everything had to be perfect. As we found our way on the sets of Goynar Baksho, we were in for a pleasant surprise. Aparna Sen along with daughter Konkona, Sohag Sen and Saswata Chatterjee were seen happily munching on muri and chatting. As Saswata asked for some more, Aparna declared that it was time for action.Based on Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay's story, the movie, produced by Shree Venkatesh Films, and also starring Mousumi Chatterjee, Sudipta Chakraborty and Srabonti, tells the story of women across three generations. It is also about their social standings revealed through their attachment to the box of jewels.The story primarily focuses on Somlata, played by Konkona, a typical north Kolkata homemaker, and her husband, Chandan (Saswata), who hails from a zamindar family but has nothing left but a legacy to carry forward. In an intimate sequence, we saw Somlata and Chandan in the bedroom. Somlata tried her best to cheer up her husband as she gave Chandan the money she had arranged for him to launch his sari business. Konkona and Saswata, who had acted in a telefilm, Karkat Rashi , long ago, seemed quite comfortable with each other enacting the scene under Aparna's strict supervision. The diction had to be in perfect Bangal style as Aparna gave tips on how to get the nuances right.In between her shots, Konkona seemed excited to talk about her role. Draped in a black Dhakai sari, she looked every bit her character. \"This happens to be mom's dream project, which had been in the pipeline for long. It has, in fact, proved to be a blessing in disguise for me. Earlier, mom had cast me as Somlata's daughter, which is now being played by Srabonti. I feel privileged to play Somlata. She's an interesting character. Somlata is intelligent, yet lacks confidence and often stammers. The film traces her growth with time as she matures into a confident woman who shoulders the responsibilities of her family with elan. Ma made me learn how to chop vegetables and make luchi for this role. Haroon loved my look and was fascinated by my red bindi . Amazed, he would often say: ' Mama Koko, Koko mama ,\" she said.Talking about his character, Chandan Mitra, Saswata informed, \"What appealed to me as an actor is the simplicity of Chandan's character. Getting to talk in Bangal is absolutely new for me and whenever I am fumbling, I find Rinadi right there correcting me.\"To make the actors get under the skin of the characters, Sohag Sen conducted a proper workshop. \"To enact the expressions correctly, it is important that the actors get the diction right. For example, in this film, Saswata had to try his hands at tabla, Konkona had to pick up those typical characteristics of a north Kolkata girl and even Srabonti had to learn cycling,\" she said.The DoP of the film, Soumik Halder, was seen keeping a close eye on capturing the true essence of every scene. \"Since there's a ghost element in the story, it'll be added on the editing table. The lights enhance the dreamlike quality of the film,\" he concluded, before rushing back to shoot the next scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17027845", "title": "Govt cannot suspend pvt school teachers, says HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court granted an interim stay on the order of the chief educational officer, who suspended a teacher of a private school.Forty-nine-year old T Vimala Bai of Veeravanallur is a history teacher of St John's Higher Secondary School in Veeravanallur in Tirunelveli district.Vimala was suspended by the CEO on the grounds of inquiry following several grave charges against her.Aggrieved by this, Vimala filed a writ petition before the Madurai bench through her counsel M Ajmalkhan seeking an interim stay on the order.In her petition, she contended that a case was registered against her under Section 306 of the IPC and Section 32 (v) of Prevention of Atrocities Against SC/ST Act, 1993 on the basis of the complaint by S Ambedkar whose brother's son is said to have committed suicide due to the alleged scolding by her. Following this, she was suspended by the CEO under Rule 17 (c) of the Tamil Nadu Civil Services (D&A;) Rules on the ground of inquiry into grave charges against her.The CEO has no jurisdiction to take disciplinary action against the teachers working in the private schools, which are governed by the Tamil Nadu Recognised Private Schools (Regulation) Act, 1973, she said in the petition.The Rule 17 (c) contemplates the procedure to be followed when a government servant is convicted on a criminal charge. The power to place the private school teacher is only vested with the correspondent of private school. The act of the CEO is violation of Article 30 of the Indian Constitution, the petition stated.The matter came up for admission before Justice Vinod K Sharma on Tuesday, who granted an interim stay and posted the matter to November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027539", "title": "Hyderabad housing market all set to grow, say realtors", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite an over 50% drop in business during the economic slowdown, the real estate market in Hyderabad has seen a decadal growth of an average 29% between 2000 and 2010. In fact, the National Housing Bank index pegs the market's rise at an impressive 86% between 2007 and 2012, notwithstanding the turbulent times the city has seen in between.\"This only establishes Hyderabad as a prospective investment destination. Also, currently it is the cheapest among all the metro cities,\" P Premkumar, president of the Andhra Pradesh Real Estate Developers' Association (APREDA), said on Tuesday. He was speaking at the launch of the organisation's third annual property show slated to be held at Hitex between November 10 and 11.The two-day event is expected to attract participation from over 250 builders and about 15 housing finance institutions. According to APREDA's estimates, at least 60,000 denizens are likely to visit the show that had ended with about 1,500 bookings last year. \"This year, the numbers are sure too shoot up,\" a member of the group said.Dismissing apprehensions over the realty market in the city hitting a point of stagnation, market analysts present at the meet said that although the industry had been slowing down it was now steadily bouncing back to normalcy. \"We can easily expect a 10-15% jump in the sale of residential units this year,\" said Sandip Patnaik, managing director-Hyderabad of Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL) that is partnering a conference, to be held alongside the property show, in association with APREDA. Quoting from JLL's findings, Patnaik added that commercial space occupancy would be a high 4.3 million square feet (sq.ft) this time. Last year, the absorption was 5 million sq.ft. \"That drop was only due to the space crunch, especially in high-demand areas like Hi-tec City. There is no dearth of takers,\" he asserted.The conference titled 'Real estate - Accelerating the growth story' will be held on November 10 and have both national and international speakers talking about various aspects related to the real estate sector. From better marketing strategies, especially through the worldwide web, to funding of realty projects, the conference is likely to touch upon issues pertinent to the industry at the moment.\"We will also have speakers talk about the Indian real estate scene, with special focus on the Hyderabad market. This will give industry players a better roadmap on how to take their businesses forward,\" said Mitesh Kulkarni of Bangalore-based Mantri Developers. The APREDA member said that the conference was a first of its kind to be held in the city alongside a property show.To lure buyers to their stalls, many of the participating construction companies have thrown in attractive prizes that ranging from television sets and refrigerators to cars and foreign trips. The range of properties on display is likely to be anywhere between Rs 1,900 per sq.ft and Rs 4,500 per sq.ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027319", "title": "Final arguments heard in Arya case", "text": "PANAJI: A Judicial Magistrate First Class on Tuesday heard final arguments on a complaint filed by a Ribandar-based advocate, Aires Rodrigues, seeking registration of an FIR against Goa's former director general of police (DGP) Aditya Arya, for allegedly causing loss to the state exchequer. The court is likely to pass its order on November 19.Rodrigues submitted before the court that then DGP Arya caused a loss to the state exchequer by unauthorisedly taking his official vehicle GA-08-G-0064 to Gokarna in Karnataka on a picnic and travelled 393 km in October last year.Stating that as per directives of the Government, no official vehicle can be taken out of State without the written permission of the chief secretary, Rodrigues further argued that the act of the former DGP of travelling illegally to Gokarna amounted to a clear act of cheating the State exchequer and was punishable under Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code.Arguing that no one could be above the law, Rodrigues further submitted that probity in public life should flow from senior officers and that the police were bound to enforce the law when any malafied loss was caused to the State exchequer.On the other hand, advocate Ashwin Bhobe, appearing on behalf of the police, submitted to the court that post-facto approval had been sought for the Gokarna trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027541", "title": "Power supply in southern states hits all-time low", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four southern states plunged into deep crisis with power shortage in the region touching all time low of 5,558 MW on Tuesday. Tamil Nadu with a shortfall of 3,000 MW is most affected as Karnataka invoked section 11 of the Electricity Act to prevent private power generators in the state from selling power outside the state. This was the first time such a drastic step was taken recourse toin the country, analysts said. Tamil Nadu and AP are also mulling such drastic steps to tide over the crisis.Relief from the power cuts are short lived as shortage of power in the state during peak hours zoomed to 1,500 MW on Tuesday forcing the APTransco and Discoms to resort to unofficial power cuts in municipal and rural areas. Urban areas, including Hyderabad, are experiencing increased power cuts which are slapped under the guise of technical snags.Transco has tied up 1,000 MW from different sources, though the shortage estimated in November is more than 2,000 MW. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has directed the finance department to release Rs 300 crore for buying power from outside the state for the month of November. Even after purchasing 1,000 MW, the gap would be more than 1,500 MW indicating serious power crisis in the coming months.Even if power is available outside the state, the transmission corridor, which can only transmit about 1,500 MW, has been booked by four southern states leaving no chance for fresh purchase by any state.\"We have tied up with all private generators to ensure maximum availability,\" said sources in the APTransco. Adding to the misfortune, on Tuesday the 9th unit in Kothagudem Thermal Station went out of service due to a boiler leakage problem forcing an additional shortage of 200 MW on the state. The situation is set to worsen further as several thermal stations are running without any break since April due to unprecedented power demand in the state.\"All thermal stations are running at peak level and generating about 4,900 MW every day,\" AP Genco managing director K Vijayanand told TOI.With no fresh inflows into reservoirs, the hydel power generation has been restricted to minimum to save the valuable water reserves in Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar. Reliance Industries Limited reduced gas production in KG basin leading to further drop in the supplies to gas-based power generating stations in the state. While the total gas based power generation capacity is 3,037 MW, state is able to produce only 859 MW with reduced gas supplies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17028726", "title": "Sambalpur shamed again", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Yet another rape attempt on a minor girl has rocked the town. The victim, a Class IX student, was alone in her house on Monday when the accused entered the house and allegedly made an attempt to rape her. The accused fled when the victim's father arrived.Police arrested the accused on Tuesday. \"We have registered a case after receiving a complaint from the victim's father. We forwarded the accused to the court after conducting a medical examination on him,\" Sambalpur SDPO P K Mohapatra said on Tuesday. The accused is a married man and lives in the same area as the victim with his wife and one-year-old son, the SDPO said.This was the 12th rape or attempt to rape incident in the district during the last three months. Earlier, a Class VII schoolgirl was raped in Rairakhol and a six-year-old girl was sexually abused in Sambalpur's Bhatra area on October 14. Police arrested both the accused on the same day. On October 5, a high school student was kidnapped and raped by a youth in Khetrajpur area. Police traced them both to Balangir.Besides, a three-year-old was raped and murdered in Thelkolei police station area in the district three weeks ago. The accused Thidu Munda was arrested on Saturday after absconding for about a week.A woman of Khetrajpur area and a minor girl under Sadar police station area were raped in two separate incidents on September 30 again. Police arrested both the accused.On September 24, a minor girl was raped by a minor boy in Larpank village under Hirakud police limits of the district. Police arrested the accused and sent him to a juvenile court. On September 20, yet another minor girl was raped by her cousin, also a minor, in Brahmaninal village under Jujomora police limits of the district. The accused was arrested and sent to a juvenile court.On September 9, a high school girl was raped by her classmate in Sahajbahal village under Kuchinda police limits. Police arrested the accused and forwarded him to a juvenile court. On the same day, an unmarried girl was raped and murdered in Kushanpur village under Sasan police limits of the district. Police arrested the accused Bikash Nath (26) of the same village for the crime.Prior to that a seven-year-old girl was raped and murdered in Sambalpur on September 2. The accused Pradeep Dalai was awarded death sentence by a court on October 8 after a speedy trial.On August 18, a minor girl was raped in Sahu Colony here and police arrested the accused Sarad Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028687", "title": "Theft at Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation's divisional office", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified people broke into the divisional office of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) on Shankarsheth Road near Swargate and decamped with computers worth Rs 12,000. The incident took place in the early hours of Monday.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by ST officer Ramesh Bhandalkar (52) with the Swargate police station.Senior police inspector of the Swargate police station Ram Pathare told TOI that the incident came to light around 9 am on Monday, when MSRTC employees reached the office and found the locks broken. \"They saw computers worth Rs 12,000 had been stolen,\" he said. Pathare said the building where the divisional office of the ST is located has security guards. \"But none of them noticed anything amiss. We are investigating the case from all angles,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17028840", "title": "Boom time for real estate in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Land rates in Jharkhand continue to soar and the land registration department is overflowing with revenue.In 2008-09, the government received Rs 171 crore in revenue. In 2010-11, the department earned revenue beyond its wildest dreams and crossed the 100 per cent target. Realtors say demand has been rising steadily. Many educational institutions and big brands are coming up here, so it's boom time for realtors, who are selling land at a premium.Towering flats are peeping from every corner in the capital offering all modern facilities. Top-end customers are even going for one-flat-on-one-floor mode. In Kanke Road, a flat was recently sold for Rs 1 crore. On an average, flats are fetching between Rs 60 to 70 lakhs.Secretary, registration department, N M Kerketa, said, \"Revenue from land and flats has been going up steadily in the past few years.\"In 2011-12, the department received Rs 418 crore and achieved 92 per cent of its target. In 2010-11, the department received Rs 314 crore and achieved 104 per cent of its target. In 2009-10, the department received Rs 213 crore and achieved 71 per cent of its target.Managing director Abhay Kumar Singh of Van Vrindavan Constructions, said, \"Choices of customers have undergone a sea-change in recent years. Earlier, customers used to pay little attention to the quality of construction. They were more concerned about prices. Now they pay little attention to prices and are more concerned about amenities.\"\"Six years ago when we thought of constructing an apartment we did not think of including swimming pools and playgrounds. Now it is difficult to find takers without swimming pools, gardens, gyms,\" said a builder.Jaideep Singh, general manager of Kashish Developers, said, \"Like Delhi, Noida and Mumbai, the concept of gated communities is gaining popularity. We have got overwhelming response for a gated community which we are building in Ranchi.\"Better connectivity -- Ranchi has got a Ring Road which connects the state capital from outside -- has encouraged people to shift to the outskirts. Various builders have purchased lands near Booty More, Khunti Road, Ormanjhi, Kanke (rural) and other places.\"The largest chunk of our revenue comes from Ranchi, Jamshedpur, Bokaro and Dhanbad,\" said a registration department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028506", "title": "UP govt moots proposal to restructure Udyog Bandhu", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to give greater teeth to the state's industrial set-up, the Uttar Pradesh government has mooted a proposal to restructure the Udyog Bandhu, the government's facilitating agency to attract investments. The government is also considering bringing in an Act that includes provisions for stringent action against the departments that do not comply with a timeline for issuing clearances as fixed under the Nivesh Mitra facility of Udyog Bandhu.Speaking to TOI, special secretary, department of industrial development, Kaushal Raj Sharma said, \"Under the present Udyog Bandhu set-up, there are several committees and heads that have parallel functions. This is an attempt to strengthen and streamline the Udyog Bandhu.\"In a meeting of the industries department headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Tuesday, the government also decided to consider engaging a 'knowledge partner' for long term proactive engagement with industries and investors by showcasing new infrastructure and industrial investment policy-2012 and strengthening Information Technology-driven initiatives including Nivesh Mitra. It was also decided to undertake steps to implement the e-Biz mission mode project that provides 49 services including those provided by state and central government departments along with new interactive web applications and portals to provide important data to potential investors at the click of a mouse.Sharma said a final proposal will be drafted and presented to the chief secretary within the next week, following which the department will also seek an approval from the UP Cabinet for the proposed restructuring.Taking stock of the present arrangements and working of Udyog Bandhu, Usmani said ideally Udyog Bandhu should be functionally empowered to take implementable decisions to facilitate investment and industrial growth. The chief secretary also said functions and objectives of all state bodies and instruments engaged in investment and trade promotion should be properly defined.Saying that appointing a 'knowledge partner' for the state government is being considered, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta said that the selected consultant will help the government in image building, targeting investment with investor facilitation and aftercare with clearly defined objectives. Gupta also said the government would begin the bidding process for appointing knowledge partners soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17027324", "title": "Destruction greets central empowered committee in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: The Supreme Court's (SC) central empowered committee (CEC) extensively toured the mining belt of South Goa on Tuesday as part of its task to investigate the alleged illegal mining in the state as pointed out in the Shah Commission report.The panel, led by CEC chairman P V Jayakrishanan, and comprising members Mahendra Vyas and amicus curiae Siddharth Chaudhary, first visited the Sesa Goa-owned Codli mines at Dabhal near Sanvordem on Tuesday morning, and carried out a thorough inspection. Environmentalist Claude Alvares, the petitioner in the case filed in the apex court against illegal mining, also accompanied the CEC, and pointed out the many irregularities to the investigating team. Director of mines and geology, Prasanna Acharya, additional principal chief conservator of forests, Richard D'Souza, member secretary of the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB), Lewinson Martins, and other senior officials, accompanied the team. The chief officer of the MMC, Srinet Kothwale, also accompanied the team, as, sources said, the CEC wanted to know the steps taken by the GSPCB against the errant mining firms during the last several years. Kothwale was the member secretary of the GSPCB before being posted as the MMC chief officer.A strong posse of policemen numbering around 100 and led by Quepem PI Santosh Dessai was deployed to provide security to the investigating team.The team then proceeded to the Cuddegal mine owned by Fomento, followed by a visit to mines located in the catchment area of the Salaulim dam at Kurpem and Tollem. Sources said that the team expressed disapproval over the extensive loss of forest cover, illegal encroachments on forest land by miners and dumping of mining rejects outside the lease areas.Sources also said that the CEC members, on observing the wanton destruction of environment due to mining, sought to know from the mines representatives their plans for restoration of land and forests. The team also checked for encroachments in the buffer zone and dumping of rejects outside the mining lease area, sources told TOI. The mining firms have been asked to submit their written explanation supported by documents to the queries raised by the CEC by Wednesday.Braving the scorching winter heat and the difficult terrain-parts of which had to be traversed by foot-the CEC members even trudged into the deep forests to verify the illegalities pointed out by the petitioner in the SC case. Significantly, after returning from a visit to one of the mines at Kurpem, the CEC team was overheard expressing its pain over the massive destruction of environment in the village due to the mining activities and inaction of the government in reining in the violators.The CEC team, it is learnt, will hear the stakeholders of the mining industry at the inspectorate of factories and boilers, Panaji, on Wednesday morning, before leaving the state later in the day.Acting on a PIL filed by the Goa Foundation seeking a probe into illegal mining activities in the state, the Supreme Court had directed the CEC to submit its report within four weeks. The next hearing before the Supreme Court is on November 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026585", "title": "Dengue lurks in VIP areas too", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mosquitoes thrive in the city's upscale colonies and the apartments of MPs as much as in the middle class homes. A recent sample survey conducted by New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) in view of the dengue outbreak has thrown up this startling finding. Dengue, which spreads with mosquito bites, has already claimed two lives in the city and left close to 1,000 people infected.A 23-year-old patient who was admitted to AIIMS recently following bleeding from the eyes due to infection is said to be in a critical condition. Doctors are worried about her losing vision.According to the NDMC report, mosquitoes were found breeding in four out of 10 overhead tanks picked randomly on Ferozeshah Road, where MPs stay.On Talkatora Road, breeding was found in six out of 22 overhead tanks. Officials said heavy breeding was found at Thana Tilak Marg staff quarters and many houses in Moti Bagh, too.\"On Tuesday, we checked 50 overhead tanks at the double storey flats on R K Ashram Marg and breeding was found in 11 of them. In most cases, the containers were not covered properly or there was stagnation of water in the surroundings due to overflowing,\" said a senior municipal official.Dr R N Singh, chief medical officer of NDMC, said at least 300 households in Lutyens' Zone have been booked for prosecution in the last few months because they failed to take corrective measures to check mosquito breeding in their respective premises despite warnings. \"To date, around 3,000 people have been issued show-cause notices,\" Singh said.The NDMC health official said mosquito breeding cannot be controlled by civic bodies alone. \"Aedes Aegypti, the mosquito responsible for transmission of the dengue virus from an infected person to a healthy individual, grows in fresh water; mostly overhead tanks, flower vases or unused coolers. Unless people get serious and prevent stagnation of water in such places breeding cannot be controlled,\" Singh added.The civic body's officials say government buildings, including hospitals and official residences of many VIPs, such as ministers, have been found to have mosquitoes breeding in the past.IIT Delhi and JNU were issued notices by the South Delhi Municipal Corporation about two weeks ago.Health minister A K Walia said long-term and short-term measures are being considered to check mosquito breeding, particularly in overhead tanks and at construction sites. \"Directions have been issued to the municipal health officials to double the number of fogging machines per ward from two to four. We have asked them to use loudspeakers on autos to communicate the message of prevention and control of dengue,\" said Walia.Walia added that the present strength of dengue breeding checkers in the city is inadequate, so the Aanganwadi and Asha workers have been roped in for the job. \"The existing fine of Rs 500 for creating mosquitogenic conditions at construction sites is too little to serve as a deterrent. We are considering raising that,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030346", "title": "Dil Tainu Karda Ae Pyar", "text": "CreditsFilm : Dil Tainu Karda Ae PyarCast : Gulzar Inder Chahal, Neetu Singh, Kanwaljit Singh, Gurpreet Ghuggi etcDirector : Ajay K PannalalWritten By : Dheeraj RatanGenre : Romantic comedyRelease Date : 2nd NovemberPreview:Dil Tainu Karda Ae Pyar is an upcoming Punjabi movie which basically is a romantic comedy. Ajay K Pannalal is making his direction debut with the movie. The movie is written by Dheeraj Ratan who has penned down script for films like Mel Karade Rabba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027771", "title": "Ranty Martins reaches 150-goal mark", "text": "KOLKATA: United SC striker Ranty Martins reached a unique milestone when he scored he equalised for his side to salvage a 1-1 draw in the I-League game against ONGC in New Delhi on Friday.It was the Nigerian striker's 150th goal in the I-League /NFL. He became the first person in Indian club football to achieve this feat. But the former Dempo SC marksman, who was felicitated by his new club for reaching the landmark after practice on Tuesday, was not even aware of this unique feat.\"To be honest, I did not even know that I had scored 150 goals in the I-League until I heard it from the media the day after the match,\" he said. \"I am really excited about reaching this milestone.\"And, the ever-hungry goal-poacher quite obviously does not want to stop at that. \"I hope to score many more and help United SC do very well in the ongoing I-League'\" he added.Ranty has been an epitome of consistency, scoring heavily in every season for Dempo SC since he arrived in the country way back in 2004-05. Looking back on his Indian sojourn, Ranty said: \"I did not have much idea about India when the opportunity came to play here, but I can say that the journey has gone well. I am really happy to have done well for my team and also win so many honours.\" Incidentally, Ranty has been part of Dempo's all five I-League /NFL winning campaigns. \"I thank my family, teammates and well-wishers who have helped me so much.\"Ranty and Mohun Bagan striker Okolie Odafa have been two of the most prolific goal-scorers over the last few years. Quite naturally, comparisons between the two are inevitable. But, Ranty just doesn't not like to go into comparisons. \"I don't like comparisons. We are both strikers but, although we score a lot of goals, we have got different qualities,\" opined Ranty, whose all-time favourite player is Brazilian Ronaldo.Having played in India for nearly a decade now, he is in a good position to analyse the standard of the game in the country. \"I feel the standard of Indian football is improving. Every season new and exciting talents are coming through. But, there are still few areas to be looked into to make football big in the country.\"Better facilities should be provided to the players and there is a need to develop the game at the grassroots level across the country,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027315", "title": "Goa barge owners' association sheds crocodile tears for 'common man'", "text": "PANAJI: Stating that fall in iron ore exports will \"spell the death knell of the barge industry\" in Goa, the Goa barge owners' association (GBOA) has pleaded with the Supreme Court's central empowered committee (CEC) that regulated legal mining should be started immediately as it is in the interest of not only the barge owners but also of the common man.In a memorandum to the CEC on Sunday, the GBOA said that over 6,000 crew members are directly employed on barges and another 30,000 are engaged in ancillaries like workshops, port, jetties, truck services, offices etc. \"Stoppage of work would lead to large-scale retrenchment of workmen and affect the social fabric of Goa,\" GBOA president Atul Jadhav said, adding that barge owners are mere transporters of the ore and that they are completely unaware whether the ore is legal or illegal.The GBOA stated that the financial exposure of barge owners to banks and financial institutions is around 350 crore, of which 150 crore is owed to local cooperative banks. \"Barge owners are left in the lurch and have no resources to repay the banks. The present stoppage would lead to all bank loans becoming NPA. In almost all cases, barge owners have kept their homes as collateral. Banks have started proceeding against barge owners with notices under the SARFRASI (The Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest) Act,\" GBOA said.The GBOA also informed the CEC that it has appealed on behalf of its members to the Reserve Bank of India and the lead bank (SBI) and has made a presentation before the state-level banking committee recently. \"In the absence of reliefs, barge owners are doomed,\" the memorandum stated.The GBOA also said that barges transport the entire cargo for exports to the ports of Panaji and Mormugao and that there is no other cargo for transportation.\"Goa handled 80% of the inland water transport trade of the country. Facilities for loading/unloading cargo are not available elsewhere. Thus, about 370 barges, valued at approximately 1,200 crore, would be rendered idle. A barge has value as a logistic tool, but without business it is only with its scrap,\" the GBOA stated.Jadhav said the CEC was very cooperative with the barge owners. He said the CEC wanted additional information regarding the barge operations in Goa and the GBOA would furnish all such information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027267", "title": "Corporation of the city of Panaji files complaint over vandalized figurines", "text": "PANAJI: The corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) has filed a complaint with the police about the vandalization of two of the three hand-moulded terracotta figurines of fisherwomen installed around ten years ago on a traffic island behind the old secretariat.The figurines of the women sitting daintily on the lawn were allegedly vandalized by unknown persons on Sunday night. The figurines, barely 100m southeast of the Abbe Faria statue, were found damaged on Monday morning. \"This is the third time they have been vandalized,\" a source said.\"On the first occasion, the fisherwomen's faces were smeared with some black colour and the fish baskets with the fishes were missing while the hand of one figurine was broken the second time,\" a source said.On Monday, it was found that one of the figurines moulded by sculptor Verodina Ferrao, had a long scratch on its left arm, but the second one was broken into several pieces. Police sources said that the damaged figurine may have collapsed due to a crack or cracks, which may have developed earlier. \"It may have been damaged by tourists while taking photographs,\" a police source said.\"Terracotta sculptures cannot develop cracks due to heat or weather conditions like tiles. If they were under-fired, they would have melted or disintegrated during the very first monsoon,\" Ferrao said. No damage can be done if the figurines topple over in case tourists lean against them, she added.Heritage lover Prajal Sakhardande said, \"Though the sculptures were not of heritage value and were installed recently, they add aesthetic value to the city. Several desecrations in temples and acts of vandalisms are taking place across the state and we don't see anyone being booked for them. This seems to be encouraging miscreants,\" he said.Sakhardande said that the state should take serious action against such vandals so that similar incidents are avoided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027667", "title": "4 farmers die in Hyderabad accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four farmers died and 17 others suffered injuries when a DCM van they were travelling in overturned near GVK One mall in Banjara Hills in the early hours of Tuesday. The condition of three injured is critical.A little after midnight, 24 farmers from Pulapally village in Navabpet mandal of Ranga Reddy district started off from their village in a DCM van to sell their produce__ carrot and tomato__at the Bowenpally agricultural marketyard.Some farmers were sitting in the driver's cabin, while majority of them were perched atop carrot sacks in the rear portion of the truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028620", "title": "New LPG connections to come without subsidy", "text": "PUNE: Here is another government directive that could weigh heavily on the pockets of those seeking new LPG connections: To start with, buy cylinders at the domestic non-subsidized rate of Rs 920 till it is verified that you do not have multiple connections.Usha Poonawalla, president of the all-India LPG Distributors' Federation, Maharashtra, said the oil and natural gas ministry recently issued the directives. Once the verification is complete, customers will be eligible for subsidised cylinders.Pratap Doshi, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation, said, \"To get subsidised cylinders, the customer will have to wait till the process of de-duplication verification and Know Your Customer (KYC) forms' verification is completed with the three oil companies.\"The process of de-duplication verification refers to weeding out households having multiple connections under same address. Once the process is complete, customers will be switched to a connection for subsidised cylinders wherein they would receive six subsidised cylinders a year.An official of the Indian Oil Corporation Limited said that applications for new connections are currently on hold. \"The de-duplication verification will take place soon. Though the directive on giving new LPG connections at domestic non-subsidised rate has come from the ministry, but the exact procedure has not been laid down so far,\" the official said.An official of the Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited ( HPCL ) said that a de-duplication software, aimed at checking that applicants of new LPG connections do not have multiple connections with other oil companies, is being developed.\"Currently, if a person takes a new connection, he will have to buy non-subsidised cylinders till the software is implemented and starts running. It is currently in the process of being developed.Once the software is running, and the verification process is over, the customers with new connections will automatically start getting their quota of subsidised cylinders,\" he said.The government has extended the deadline for filling KYC forms till November 15. The KYC forms can be filled online and a copy can be submitted to the respective dealers till the aforementioned deadline. Meanwhile, LPG distributers have demanded further extension in this deadline because of a huge rush of those who want to have their KYC forms filled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028131", "title": "Airport search finds 24 fake visas under Lankan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s vest", "text": "CHENNAI: Immigration officials at the Chennai aiport recovered 24 fake visas to Europe and the UAE from under the vest of a Sri Lankan national during a search on Monday.The officials were clearing passengers who were to board a Jet Airways flight to Colombo when they saw that one of them, Mohammed Nizar (30), appeared nervous. They asked him to step aside and he showed them his baggage. But when they insisted on a body search he became more nervous.Officials found that a pouch under his vest had a lot of papers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all fake visas to Europe and the UAE in different names. \"We found they were very good imitations,\" said an official.Four women from Nepal booked on the same flight were detained as they appeared nervous when Nizar was hauled up. They first said they didn't know Nizar. Eventually, they admitted that were accompanying Nizar to Sri Lanka where he had promised them jobs as domestic help.\"Their papers were genuine and we asked them if they still wanted to fly but they opted to leave,\" said a police officer. The women left and Nizar was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17028554", "title": "Women in Kerala still keep a low profile: President", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: President Pranab Mukherjee , who is on his maiden visit to the state, said on Tuesday that despite the progressive political environment in the state, the women here have a relatively low profile in public life. He was inaugurating the golden jubilee of Loyola College of Social Sciences at Sreekaryam in the city.The President said that despite the high literacy rate, there was no active involvement of women at various leadership levels in the state. \"Statistics show concentration of women in unorganized sectors, including agricultural labour, cottage and traditional industries and selected service sectors, where equal pay for equal work is unfortunately not well established rather than in organized sectors. A perceptible marginalization of women in the economic process and their low level of control over resources are considered as the major impediments in improving the women's status in the state,\" said Mukherjee.He also lauded the steps taken by the Loyola College over the past 50 years in bringing the women to the forefront of the society by training generations of women, motivating them to go forth and deliver service and work for social change.He further expressed his pleasure over the fact that Loyola College has trained thousands of social workers, social scientists and personnel managers, who have in turn carried forward and extended this training through projects and initiatives in collaboration with associates in India and abroad.Chief minister Oommen Chandy , who delivered the keynote address, said that the contributions by Christian missionaries to the higher education sector in the state are huge. The Christian managements also hold the major share of higher education sector in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17029188", "title": "Salman to keep his hands off Kareena", "text": "Come November 5, and Kareena Kapoor will start shooting her item song for Dabangg 2 along with Salman Khan . Although the number is titled Fevicol, it will have none of the anticipated physical proximity between the two stars.On the contrary, choreographer Farah Khan has been categorically asked to keep Kareena and Salman completely a part in the song. And before jumping to any conclusions about who might have thrown in such a no-intimacy clause (could it be the newly-wed Kareena's inlaws?), it may come as a surprise to know that Salman's is the face behind Farah's brief.We've learnt the actor demanded that the raunchiness in the item number be toned down because he has always seen Kareena as Karisma Kapoor's younger sister. Post her marriage to Saif Ali Khan , he has become even more protective toward his co-star's kid sister.A source close to Salman told TOI, \"There are absolutely no post-marital do's and don'ts for Kareena. She is free to do what she likes. There are no restrictions on her. The women in the Pataudi family whether it is Sharmila or Soha,are free to do what they think is right and Kareena is no exception. The decision to keep the item song at a fun-but-decorous level comes from Salman himself.\"Apparently, Salman wanted the item song with Kareena to be done discreetly right from the beginning. \"And after the wedding, he is even more conscious of his co-star Lolo's baby sister Bebo being Mrs Kapoor Khan,\" the source said. Salman was faced with a similar situation earlier in Dabangg , when he had to shoot the Munni Badnaam number with his sister-in-law Malaika Arora Khan.Meanwhile, it is interesting to note that both the projects Kareena has signed after marriage\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe item song in Dabangg 2 and the female lead in Prakash Jha's Satsang\u00e2\u20ac\u201dare essentially 'stand-alone' roles. In Dabangg 2 , she will perform the item number in Salman's company without the two of them getting too close for comfort. Whereas in Satsang, she is paired with Ajay Devgn but they share no intimate moments.On the subject of the item song in Dabangg 2 , Arbaaz Khan refused to comment on the way it will be shot. Farah Khan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028012", "title": "Nilam may die down by Thursday", "text": "CHENNAI: As the system moved from the islands towards the mainland, it picked up moisture from the ocean and gained strength and speed. \"We have been closely monitoring the formation since then. By the time it reached central Bay of Bengal , the system's centre became apparent,\" said Raj.On October 28, wind speeds reached 27 knots over the sea. \"On October 29, we declared it as a deep depression,\" said Raj. A deep depression isonein whichwind speeds reach up to 33 knots or about 65 kmph. One knot is about 1.8kmph.The Met department declared the onset of Cyclone Nilam at 11.30 am on Tuesday when the wind speed crossed 34 knots. As of now, the speed is about 40 knots. \"The cyclone is moving on the northnorth-westerly track and the maximum impact will be on Wednesdayevening.Nilam is not as strong as Cyclone Thane of 2011 and will dissipate by Thursday evening,\" said Raj.Most of Tamil Nadu received heavy rain from Sunday night. In Nagapattinam district, two fishermen went missing at sea, and about 25,000 fishermen have stayed on shore after the administration issued a cyclone alert. Heavy rain was recorded in Tiruvarur, Trichy, Thanjavur, Perambalur, Ariyalur, Karur and Pudukkottai districts, and in the Union Territory of Puducherry. Cyclone shelters and relief centres are being prepared in Puducherry.Chennai port has issued a level 7 danger warning. Warnings are measured on a scale of one to 11, with 11 denoting failure of communication due to a cyclone. Nagapattinam port has put out a level 5 warning. Warning signal number 5 was hoisted at Puducherry and Cuddalore ports.The Chennai Port Trust sent 10 vessels to the outer seas following the cyclone alert on Tuesday. \"It is a precautionary decision to send all vessels to the outer seas during bad weather to avoid collisions and damage to the port infrastructure. We have also secured cranes and other equipment against strong winds,\" said Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra. At least 14 vessels, including those sailing towards Chennai, have been told to anchor outside the port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17026828", "title": "BMC orders fire safety review in all schools", "text": "MUMBAI: BMC officials on Tuesday decided to hold a fire safety audit in all schools, starting with educational institutes run by it.This move comes barely two days after a survey conducted in 300 city schools by the PTA United Forum showed gross violations of the fire safety rules and regulations.\"We collectively decided that fire audits have to be conducted in schools. Even though we will start with BMC-run schools first, eventually all schools will be covered,\" said Manisha Mhaiskar, the BMC's additional deputy commissioner.Some BMC officials also added that a circular has already been sent to schools and they will have to comply with the fire safety norms. \"Fire audits have to become a regular feature and schools have to take this seriously,\" said Suhas Joshi, chief fire officer.A total of 300 schools (100 BMC, 100 aided and 100 unaided schools) were surveyed by the forum and were found grossly violating the fire safety guidelines. According to the survey results, almost all schools had no emergency routes to leave the building, less than 10% of schools conducted regular fire drills. Moreover, only 8% aided and 5% unaided schools had a list of emergency telephone numbers displayed on the premises, among others. It was also observed that close to 50% teachers were unaware about school safety norms.Taking objection for neglecting mandatory fire audits of schools in the state, MNS president Raj Thackeray also threatened to start a statewide protest against the erring administration. The party's student wing on Monday issued a news release, asking the school administration and educational institutes to conduct fire safety audits of schools in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17026867", "title": "'Denikaina Ready' actors booked for insulting Brahmins", "text": "HYDERABAD: Based on a local court's directive, the Malkajgiri police on Tuesday booked cases against actors M Mohan Babu, M Vishnu, K Brahmanandam and director G Nageshwar Reddy for portraying Brahmins in poor light in their latest film 'Denikaina Ready'. A student from Malkajgiri, G Pavan Kumar, filed a petition in the court on Monday urging it to direct police to book cases against the producer, director and lead actors of 'Denikaina Ready' for insulting the Brahmin community. After hearing the arguments of the petitioner, the court on Tuesday directed the Malkajgiri police to book cases against the four. As per the court's directions, the Malkajgiri police booked cases against movie producer Mohan Babu, his son Vishnu, who plays the lead role in the movie, comedian Brahmanandam and director Nageshwar Reddy under various sections of the Indian Penal Code .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17026864", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy, K Chandrasekhar Rao out to undermine TDP", "text": "HYDERABAD: While Chandrababu Naidu continues to walk as part of his state-wide padayatra despite worries over his health problems, his Telugu Desam Party seems to be on the sick bed with both Jaganmohan Reddy and K Chandrasekhar Rao plotting the party's downfall in the state. If sources are to be believed, both the YSR Congress and TRS are poaching MLAs and senior leaders of TDP. Senior TDP MLA Harishwar Reddy (Parigi) is joining the TRS in Chevella on November 15 in the presence of TRS chief KCRIn fact, the TDP suspended Anipireddi Venkata Praveen Kumar Reddy, MLA from Tambalapalle in Chittoor, on Tuesday after he met YSRCP president Jagan in the Chanchalguda jail. Sources said his joining the YSRCP is now a mere formality. This comes a day after former TDP MLA Chengala Venkata Rao (Payakaraopeta) joined the Jagan party. TDP legislator Tenneti Vanitha, who represents the Gopalapuram constituency (reserved), has already indicated that she would be joining the Jagan's camp on November 4.Another TDP MLA Amarnath Reddy from Palamaneru in Chittoor has also been critical of Naidu. Though Amarnath has not revealed his plans yet, it is expected that he may join the YSRCP. \"It would be a major setback to the TDP in Chittoor which happens to be Naidu's home district,\" a senior analyst said.Praveen, a first-time MLA, openly criticised Naidu after the latter wrote a letter to the Centre seeking immediate resolution of the Telangana statehood issue. Sources, however, said that Praveen used the letter only as a pretext to get out of the TDP and join the YSR Congress.Praveen, who spent more than half an hour with Jagan in the jail, targeted the party leadership again. \"Instead of acting as a credible opposition, the TDP is only hobnobbing with the ruling Congress party with the sole intention of targeting Jagan and his family,\" he said. He said he decided to join the YSRCP and would do so on an 'auspicious' day.Meanwhile, KCR is trying to lure more TDP MLAs into his party. He confabulated with Harishwar and Venugopala Chary (Mudhol). Sources said KCR wants Chary also to join TRS immediately. \"KCR wants to finish TDP in Telangana. Towards this end, he is devising ways and means to attract the party MLAs,\" a political observer said. Though TRS is a force to reckon with in Telangana, TDP has a considerable clout in the region with over 30 MLAs representing the party in the assembly from the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17026952", "title": "Soon, hsg plan for Thane dist slumdwellers", "text": "THANE: Thousands of families living in over one lakh slum tenements and chawls built prior to 1995 in Thane, can expect a rehabilitation plan soon after chief secretary Jayantkumar Banthia on Monday directed officials here to prepare a road map for their housing under an ambitious rehabilitation programme within a month.The chief secretary held a meeting of Thane collector and municipal commissioners in the district at Mantralaya on Monday to discuss a strategy to deal with the long-pending issue. In the absence of a clear strategy, the issue has turned vexed as the once illegal buildings, chawls and slum colonies are in a dilapidated state and pose a serious threat to life.Banthia was briefed about the drive initiated by the municipal corporations and councils in Thane district to pull down the illegal structures which have come up post-1995. Officials said more than 1.01 lakh homes built on state-owned plots or private land were regularized in accordance with the state's cut-off date of January 1995. Post 1995, as many as 1.25 lakh structures are said to have mushroomed with the highest encroachments on lands belonging to the state government and on MIDC plots.Statistics show that the district administration has failed to ensure that their plots remain free of encroachments as over 41,000 illegal structures are occupying state land across Thane district. The MIDC plots have recorded illegal structures in excess of 34,000 as of today. Unless, there is a concrete plan to rehabilate the regular structure and pull down the illegal shanties or chawls the problem will continue to rear its head time and again,'' an official said.The district administration and the corporation here had initiated a major demolition drive last year, but the drive lost its steam due to interference from political parties as also voluntary organizations who pointed out to the plight of the families who would dishoused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17026126", "title": "Wintek scales down Indian operations", "text": "CHENNAI: Taiwan-listed electonics component maker Wintek's Indian arm is scaling down its operations at the Nokia SEZ here owing to poor demand for its products.Wintek Technology (India) Private Ltd, set up in September 2006 in the Nokia SEZ in Sriperumbudur, has pulled down its production to bare minimum. Hundreds of employees who worked there have been let go, sources at the plant said.A detailed questionnaire to the Taiwan headquarters of the company went unanswered. Employees who worked with the company told TOI that due to change in product requirements by Nokia, the company faced huge setbacks; some of those losses were irrecoverable.\"As of now, we know that there are only skeletal operations at the plant. I got relieved a few weeks ago. At the height of our operations, we were nearly 1,200 employees at the plant,\" a former Wintek employee told TOI.Wintek mainly manufactures touch screens. Its principal buyer in India was Nokia.Nokia set up manufacturing operations in India at Sriperumbudur and along with it brought its international vendors like Foxconn , Salcomp, Wintek, Aspocomp and Perlos, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026372", "title": "Ambushed in Amboli: Mass for murder victim", "text": "The family of Amboli double murder victim Reuben Fernandes will offer a mass on Wednesday at St Blaise Church in Andheri to mark his first death anniversary. Reuben (29)and Keenan Santos (24) were stabbed by a group of eve-teasers after a scuffle near a paan shop in Amboli, Andheri (W) on October 20 last year. While Keenan died soon after the incident, Reuben died on October 30, 2011 in a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027245", "title": "'Sandy not a threat to state's tourism, seafood biz'", "text": "KOCHI: Hurricane Sandy, which has disrupted normal life in the eastern parts of the US, is not expected to impact the state's tourism and seafood industry, according to officials.\"We don't expect hurricane affecting the inflow of tourists from the US,\" said Rani George, director, department of tourism with government of Kerala.Meanwhile, Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (GKSF) officials are not sure whether Sandy will have any impact on this year's festival period as GKSF also targets non-resident Keralites from the US. \"It is quite early to comment on the effects of hurricane,\" U V Jose, director of GKSF, said.The seafood industry in the state, which has direct ties with American markets, wouldn't be affected by Sandy, said Sandu Joseph, secretary of Seafood Exporters' Association of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027952", "title": "Reduce cracker noise this Diwali, advises pollution control board", "text": "BANGALORE: Kumara Park (West) was one of the nosiest places in the city last Diwali. As per figures released by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB), this area recorded noise pollution which was 44% higher than considered acceptable in the National Ambient Noises Standards.The noise level allowed for a residential area in the city is 55 decibels but this reached 79 decibels. Also, near two hospitals -- ESI Hospital in Indiranagar and Fortis Hospital in Nagarbhavi - during last Diwali, the decibel levels were higher by 24% and 35% respectively.This year, the board appealed to Bangaloreans to reduce the noise pollution and injuries by avoiding crackers. \"We've written to the police to ensure the implementation of a high court directive banning fireworks after 10pm. We also want the implementation on the ban on crackers louder than 125 decibels,\" said Vaman Acharya, chairman, KSPCB.On an average, about 500 persons in the city suffer burn injuries during Diwali. Dr Bhujang Shetty, CMD, Narayana Nethralaya, said often innocent bystanders suffers burn injuries from crackers. \"Every year, there are at least one or two cases in which a person has lost his eyesight. Many children fall prey to rockets and bombs burst during the festival,\" he said.As part of an awareness campaign, the board along with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is organizing a walkathon from Freedom Park to Mahatma Gandhi Statue this week.Students take oathH Maheshappa, vice-chancellor, Visvesvaraya Technological University, announced that all VTU students have taken an oath not to burst crackers this Diwali. \"Students of professional colleges understand the harm crackers cause to the environment, besides the risk of physical injuries to individuals, particularly children,\" he said.A request has been sent to all affiliated colleges to send the message to all students and staff that they should celebrate Diwali without crackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17028326", "title": "Varanasi ghats to become hi-tech", "text": "VARANASI: The river fronts of city are set to become hi-tech with digital information boards, changing rooms, better toilets, drinking water facilities and modernised tourist information centres installed on the prominent ghats.According to additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, government of India has sanctioned a fund of Rs 176 crores to the heritage cell of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) recently to develop few ghats under the 'River Front Development Scheme' of Inclusive Heritage Resource based City Development Strategies (IHCDS), Ministry of Urban Development.\"The work for the development of ghats will begin from the month of November. The money has been sanctioned keeping in mind the requirement of Asi Ghat and Tulsi Ghat at present,\" informed Singh who is also the nodal officer of the heritage cell.With the sanctioned fund, the two ghats, which are mostly thronged by foreign tourists, will be provided with modern toilets, information about bio-diversity of river Ganga and its plains, digital boards, which would tell the historical significance of the ghats and near by places will also be installed to facilitate the tourists.The plan also includes the cleanliness and beautification of serpentine lanes leading to the two ghats. Removing cheap graffiti and advertisements of the hotels, yoga and music centres and other commercial outlets, which are at present painted on the walls of the ghats will also be removed under the proposed plan.According to Singh, the cell in consultation from the experts from different areas have set the priorities and necessities that have been included in the detailed project report (DPR). Jal Nigam will be the working agency in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17027527", "title": "Man dies at Jhabua Power Plant, workers go on strike", "text": "BHOPAL: Workers at the 600 MW thermal power plant at village Barela under tehsil Ghansore of Seoni district by Jhabua Power Limited, went on a flash strike on Tuesday after one of them fell down from a height of about 85 metres and died. The company officials, allegedly without informing the local police or the workers, took the body to Jabalpur, about 100 km from the plant site.Meanwhile, the workers abandoned work demanding better safety measures and also a copy of the PM report and the FIR. The company officials have given a written assurance to the workers in this connection and have also promised that their wages for this period will not be deducted. The PM report and the FIR report had not reached Ghansore till the time of filing this report.According to local sources, the deceased, identified as Vijay Kumar (21), son of Ram Chatar, resident of village Sarwala, district Hajipur in Uttar Pradesh, was working on the second part of the under construction boiler at the plant when he fell down at around 9.45 am. While according to Ghanshyam Raisen, general manager, Jhabua Power Plant, claimed that the deceased was alive and died on way to Jabalpur. As per the workers, Vijay Kumar died on the spot and the company officials rushed his body without informing either the local police or any one else.When contacted TI, Ghansore, Randas Barthi confirmed that the local police did not receive any information regarding the accidental death of Vijay Kumar from the company officials and had come to know of the incident only after the workers had abandoned work. He added that he is awaiting the PM report.Similarly, speaking to TOI former district panchayat vice-president Seoni, Kunwar Shakti Singh Sisodia, alleged that the JPL management has been ignoring the safety measures for a long time.On the other hand, Ghansyam Raisen refuted the allegations of lack safety measures at the plant and contended, \"We are following the best of the safety measures.\"This is the second strike at JPL in as many months. Earlier on September 26 they had struck work demanding better safety measures and better working conditions. That time the strike had gone on for more than a couple of days before the JPL management had met some of their demands and got them to be back to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17027688", "title": "Industry captains commit huge investments in MP", "text": "INDORE: Top most industry leaders of country, including Kumar Manglam Birla, Subrata Roy and Subhash Chandra, among others, on Tuesday committed continued investments in Madhya Pradesh at the concluding ceremony of Global Investors Summit (GIS) and promised to partner state at every step of its journey towards development.Industry leaders praised the state government for making investment possible at a time when an uncertain economic scenario prevailed the world over, saying it has become possible only because of pro-activeness, positive mindset, conviction and vision of the state government and its leadership.Aditya Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla , who is going to make an investment of Rs 20,000 crore in solar power , textile and cement in the state, said their experience of working in Madhya Pradesh, company's mother state in terms of its investments, has been quite rewarding.He termed MP as the most attractive investment destination and promised to partner the state in its future development.\"What differentiates MP from other state is alignment of chief minister, ministers and officials for development that is missing in other states,\" Birla said, adding that the holistic vision of state has made inclusive growth a reality.Echoing similar sentiments, executive vice-chairman of Fortis Healthcare , Shivinder Mohan Singh said Madhya Pradesh has shown ways of how to grow smartly.\"The state has made inclusive growth possible and transparency in governance has given confidence to investors,\" said Singh adding that a summit like this is important to accelerate investment and growth.Subrata Roy of Sahara Group termed MP as the most progressing and promising state of the country and said industrialists by investing in MP would do more good to their business than to the state government. \"This is the place to invest and industrialists should invest in the state for their own benefit,\" Roy said, adding he is making investment in dairy sector that will produce 5 million tonnes of dairy product.\"In the first phase, we will produce 21 lakh litres of milk every day with investment of Rs 9,000 crore,\" said Roy adding that the investment will go up by another Rs 9,000 crore in second phase. His group has also invested in low cost housing with a project of Rs 16,000 crore. It will give jobs to nearly 30,000 people and state will get revenue of Rs 2000 crore per annum. They are also coming up with world class club and sports hostel in Indore.Essel Group chairman Subhash Chandra said the state has done a great job by attracting investment in these days of uncertain economic scenario. He promised to set up a service industry-based city over 15,000 hectare of land in Chambal.\"All these investments will increase the per capita income of people and ultimately the GDP of the state,\" said Chandra.Excited with the kind of support and help landed to industry, executive chairman of Jaypee Group, Manoj Gaur said that working in MP has been a pleasant experience and MoUs are not just signed here but executed too.\"During the last investors' meet, I had signed five MoUs out of which four are already executed. All the investments made by my company will be done in MP only,\" said Gaur, adding that the per capita income of state has doubled in recent times.State chief secretary R Parsuram promised to help industry in all possible way by time-bound clearances of projects, simplifications of procedure and transparency and investor-friendly and facilitative environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17028113", "title": "Two held in pawnshop murder say they stole gold to repay debts", "text": "CHENNAI: The two arrested for killing a 14-year-old assistant at a pawnbroker's shop in Madipakkam on October 25 and stealing jewellery worth Rs 20 lakh committed the crime to repay mounting debts, investigators said on Tuesday.Khadar Ali, 29, a resident of Kuberan Nagar in Madipakkama who had a diploma in civil engineering, and his driver Dinesh, 22, of Choolaipallam were under the influence of ganja ( marijuana) when they committed the crime, police said. Ali had pledged ornaments on more than 60 occasions at the shop.Ali, who had studied in Cuddalore, said he had worked in Dubai from 2003 to 2005 before returning and starting a construction business at K K Nagar. He also launched a sales and service unit for computers and soon opened an internet browsing centre among other business ventures. For a while, the business operations brought him a lot of money and he bought a car. He got married and had two children.Then he started incurring losses and began frequenting the pawnbroker's shop along with his driver Dinesh to pledge jewellery. Ali is yet to redeem a lot of the pledged jewellery, police said. Dinesh had also helped Ali in his construction business until he wound it up. As he began incurring losses and started pledging the family jewellery, frequent quarrels broke out between him and his wife, police said.On October 25, police quoted Ali as saying, he and Dinesh came to the shop on a two-wheeler at 3.30pm and found the boy, Madhan Singh, there. They asked him for water. When he went in, they followed him. While one held him tight, the other slit his throat using a barber's knife before fleeing with gold jewellery and a security camera.Chennai police commissioner S George said, \"The breakthrough became possible only with the inputs given by local residents and the rapport police maintained with the public. We are questioning Ali to know if he was involved in other offences.\"\"We formed five special teams and nabbed the accused on a tip-off,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Adyar) R Sudhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027628", "title": "ONGC says close to plugging east coast gas leak", "text": "NEW DELHI: State-run explorer ONGC on Tuesday said it was close to plugging a leakage in one of its gas wells off the Andhra coast and there was no damage or danger to the environment.\"We have controlled the flow. We will cap it in a matter of days. Maximum in a week. There is no danger to the environment,\" company chairman Sudhir Vasudeva said.The well, identified as G-1-9, drilled in G-1 field some 20 km off the coast line has been leaking natural gas - mostly methane - for the last two months.Vasudeva said ONGC has borrowed one vessel from Reliance Industries Ltd to help it with the capping operations. \"It is a normal practice among operators (explorers) to share infrastructure (in times of need).\"Later in the evening, ONGC issued a statement saying its vessels have noticed normal fauna (bird and fish) activity around the area of leakage. It added that debris accumulated around the undersea gas production equipment has been cleared to prepare the ground for plugging the leakage.A custom-made stack for capping the leaking well is also ready. But the capping operations have been held up temporarily due to cyclonic weather, the statement said.As an alternative measure, a relief well has been planned to side-track the well G-1-9 and the equipment for the relief well has been kept in readiness.This was drilled a decade back but was not brought into production. ONGC planned to start the well next year with its other gas finds in the neighbourhood. ONGC had plans to produce 2.7 mcmd (million cubic meters) of gas and 9,400 barrels of associated oil daily from this and a clutch of other wells in the area. The leakage could delay the production plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17028152", "title": "Currying flavours", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Times Ahmedabad Festival's cooking fiesta bore an international flavour on Tuesday. A full house of Amdavadis from every walk at Nonya restaurant at Ista Hotel was introduced to Thai cuisine by chef Tenzin Namkha.First up, the chef cooked up the popular Thai green curry and showed how the fusion of tastes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sweet, satly, spicy and bitter \u00e2\u20ac\u201d takes place. He also mentioned the importance of coconut milk in the cuisine and gave handy tips on the ingredients, which can be substituted with that which is locally available.The chef also made an impromptu Tom Kha soup, which has the same ingredients , but reflects the versatility and simplicity of the cuisine . A great tip included how to serve a Thai soup - place chopped chillies and a squirt of lemon in a bowl and then pour the soup in to enhance flavours.Inundated with questions from the audience, the chef explained ways of other curries as well, like red, yellow and massaman versions. Although non-vegetarian sauces , like shrimp and oyster, form the base of Thai cuisine, Namkha gave the audience vegetarian alternatives.FACT DISHThai cooking blends together several southeast Asian traditions. The dishes have a strong aromatic component and are spicy. The chefs give high marks to balancing the sour with the sweet, salty with bitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027970", "title": "States to get more freedom in JNNURM-II", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another move to give fillip to healthy Centre-state ties, the Union government plans to give greater freedom to states in the second phase of its urban infrastructure development scheme, JNNURM-II. In this phase, almost all cities and municipalities are likely to be covered.Recently, the rural development ministry and the Planning Commission had announced Rs 40,000 rural development flexi (RDF) fund, where the Centre will pay 70% of the amount, and states to enjoy greater freedom in choosing projects.Earlier, though there was speculation that JNNURM-II could be launched on December 3 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the first phase was unveiled on the same day in 2005\u00e2\u20ac\u201d now it's official that there will be delay. \"Both the urban development (UD) and housing and urban poverty alleviation (HUPA) are preparing separate Cabinet notes for this. It will take time,\" said Planning Commission member Arun Maira.However, he allayed apprehensions that any delay in launching of JNNURM-II won't affect the ongoing work. \"The ongoing projects must continue. Till JNNURM-II begins, we are working on capacity building so that new projects can be executed efficiently,\" Maira added.The Plan panel member said the scheme would cover most municipal areas without elaborating the population cap that would be considered while including cities and civic bodies. In the first phase, 63 large cities were covered, but in most of them projects are yet to be finished.Sources said that the outlay for JNNURM-II would be at least Rs 1 lakh crore, and the programme to be carried out over the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17026539", "title": "Suicide abetment: Cops fail to find evidence against IFS officer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana police have failed to find any evidence against whistleblower IFS officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi in an abetment to suicide case filed against him in 2009. The police had once closed the case in 2010 giving the officer a clean chit but on January 25, 2012 the cops reopened it.A status report sent to the Haryana DGP by Rohtak IG Alok Mittal on August 22, 2012 said, \"As per the inquiry and evidences collected till date, no proof has been found against Chaturvedi which can lead to any action against him in the case\".The status report was prepared on July 17, 2012 by then Jhajjar SP Pat Ram Singh after an inquiry. The Haryana government had opposed Chaturvedi's deputation to the Centre pointing out that probe into this suicide abetment case was pending against him. But the Centre had allowed the officer to join AIIMS, Delhi, as deputy secretary on June 29, 2012.Chaturvedi was posted as divisional forest officer in Jhajjar from January 9, 2009 to August 12, 2009. A forest range officer, Sanjiv Tomar (35), was found dead in his official residence in Jhajjar on December 14, 2009. His father Ram Pal had suspected that his son was killed.According to the 2010 police report, Ram Pal had claimed that a woman, Promila, who used to live with Sanjiv Tomar, had a role in his son's death. The police had also recovered an undated suicide note which had a mention of Chaturvedi and Promila.Almost a year after the incident, the police prepared a closure report saying Tomar had committed suicide after consuming liquor and Chaturvedi had no role in it.The police reopened the case against Chaturvedi after Ram Pal this year alleged that Chaturvedi had harassed his son and that was the reason his son committed suicide.But Chaturvedi told the police that Ram Pal did not make any complaint against him for two years after the death of his son. \"I had exposed scams in the forest department in which a senior forest officer was involved. So he had a grudge against me. This officer was behind lodging of the (fresh) complaint against me,\" Chaturvedi said in his statement to the police.Sanjiv Tomar was among around 40 officials who were suspended in connection with a plantation scam in 2009 when Chaturvedi was posted as DFO, Jhajjar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027801", "title": "Administration warms up to home inmates", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Shaken by the death of three infants within 72 hours, district authorities have taken initiative to mete out 'motherly treatment' to children staying Rajkiya Bal Grih (Shishu), Shivkuti.Apart from deputing medical staff, district authorities are planning to offer ambulance service and measures to save them from cold. Four children were admitted to Sarojni Naidu hospital for treatment on Tuesday after symptoms of seasonal infection and for being underweight.District magistrate Raj Shekhar told TOI \"Children living in Rajkiya Bal Grih (Shishu) need motherly treatment, considering at least 14 out of 46 children are either mentally disturbed or physically challenged. Apart from deputing medical teams for round-the-clock care of the children, we have been encouraging staff to work with dedication and honesty and treat them like family to achieve the results desired.\"He admitted there was lack of dedicated staff to take proper care of the children and surroundings were not conducive to good health either. \"But, we are making sincere efforts and have written to authorities concerned to increase the staff strength as well as provide medical services at the home.\" The DM also said the district probation officer (DPO) and an ACM rank official would be visiting the home daily to take stock of the situation while chief development officer (CDO) would be visiting the home once in a fortnight. Besides, the DM would be visiting the home once a month. Even as the district magistrate has ordered magisterial probe into the death of three minors at the home, illness was cited as prime reason. Ironically, most of the children are suffering from diseases like skin infection, seasonal infection, underweight and pneumonic symptoms and breathing problems.The DM, however, said there was no case of malnutrition as there was sufficient stock of essential items available in the home. The home does not get adequate sunlight, so dampness seeps in. Besides, absence of playing and entertainment facilities is also affecting the children's health. Children in the home are mostly orphans or abandoned by parents and brought here through various organisations and individuals. They are mostly below two years of age. The DM said cooperation has been sought from child helpline and Mother Teresa charity.Meanwhile, a delegation of UP Congress Committee led by PCC member Mukund Tiwari on Tuesday handed over a memorandum to the additional commissioner in connection with the death of three infants and demanded authorities concerned to take corrective measures. Tiwari told TOI that health condition of children in Rajkiya Bal Grih (Shishu) was deteriorating as officials were insensitive. He added that project related to betterment of homes was limited to files which were gathering dust. Congressmen demanded to shift the home somewhere else from Shivkuti and negligent staff be punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028420", "title": "Missing 19-year-old's body found in Gomti", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Mahanagar police found dead body of 19-year-old Manoj Kumar, who was reported missing from Bazarkhala area on October 27. Kumar's body was found floating in Gomti near Nishatganj bridge around 2.00 p.m. on Tuesday.Kumar was a resident of Motijheel colony in Aishbagh and a student of BA first year was reportedly pulled by his father on Saturday. The police have assumed Kumar jumped in the river to end his life and did not suspect any foul play.Kumar's father also confided to the police that his son left home after he yelled at him over his career plans. Kumar's father work as an operator with Lucknow Jal Sansthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17028227", "title": "Will CBI spare Narendra Modi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s mainstay for slog overs?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amit Shah , who remained in jail and out of Gujarat for 26 months, has clearly taken control of planning strategy for the BJP in the coming assembly elections since his return from exile in September-end. Chief minister Narendra Modi , who was hamstrung by the loss of his right-hand man, has once again fallen back on the former minister of state.But BJP insiders are asking how long will Amit Shah's freedom last. More importantly, will he be around when Gujarat goes to polls on December 13 and 17? Shah's greatest strength has been booth management down to micro level and Modi would like to have Shah by his side to finish off some political heavyweights from the Congress who are fancying their chances of becoming the next chief minister.This week, the CBI is again approaching the Supreme Court to get the stay vacated on the proceedings in the Tulsiram Prajapati encounter case . While the next hearing in Shah's case is slated for November 23 in the SC , the CBI move could expedite matters . It is learnt that Tulsiram's mother, Narmadabai, is also moving the apex court along similar lines.If the stay is vacated sooner than November 23, there are chances that the lower court will initiate the proceedings , thus enabling CBI to re-arrest Shah . Filing of nominations for the elections is scheduled for the second half of November and there could be some legal action in this period when politics comes to a boil.While it is clear that the BJP will field Shah from the Ghatlodia or Naranpura constituency even in the event of his arrest , it would badly miss him if he were to go behind bars again because Shah has mastered the demog raphic changes that have taken place in all constituencies , having been the BJP's representative before the Election Commission during the delimitation process.\"We really need him in the slog overs,\" a senior BJP leader said of Shah . He noted the growing importance of Shah during recent party meetings , including the parliamentary board meeting on Tuesday evening at Shantiniketan , the BJP's 'war room' near Adalaj located in an old-age home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17028338", "title": "Mohali woman found murdered, husband booked", "text": "MOHALI: A woman, Harpreet Kaur, alias Seema, 34, was found murdered at her house in Phase X, Mohali, on Tuesday.Though the incident took place two days ago, it came to light on Tuesday when her father Devinder Singh went to her house to invite her family to a wedding. But he found the house locked and foul smell emanating from it. The district police have registered a case of murder against her husband, Rahul Saini, 37. Cops said besides Rahul, another person was involved in the crime. The body has strangulation marks on the neck. It was found wrapped in a blanket and hidden under a bed.After the murder, Rahul reportedly escaped along with his six-year-old son and locked the house. He dropped his son at his paternal house in Ludhiana. Cops have recorded the statement of the couple's son who has corroborated the crime committed by his father. Devinder, a resident of Phase XI, told the media, \"I spoke to Harpreet on phone on October 28. As her and her husband's cellphones were switched off, I went to their house to give a wedding card. I got suspicious when I called Rahul's younger brother in Ludhiana. He told me that Rahul and his son came to their house and he left without saying anything.\"Sources said, \"Rahul is an alcoholic and addict. He would often thrash his wife, demanding money. He spent five days in a week in Ludhiana and two in the city.\" The body has been kept in the mortuary of civil hospital, Phase VI.Rahul runs a shop selling plastic pipes. He had also not paid the rent of his house. Police have procured the call details of his cellphone. Harpreet worked with a private firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027950", "title": "Saudis release terror suspect from Dharwad", "text": "BANGALORE:A Dharwad native, Dr Usman Ghani, arrested from his workplace in Riyadh by Saudi Arabian police at the behest of the Indian government, has been released, his mother Fathima Khan said here on Tuesday.The doctor had been arrested over his alleged links with two terror modules busted in Bangalore and Hubli recently. Bangalore police had said they had sought Interpol's assistance to get Ghani and two others extradited from Saudi Arabia.The mother of Dr Ghani, a Dharwad resident released by Saudi police, on Tuesday claimed her son was released because the Saudi authorities found nothing concrete in claims about his alleged terror connections.When contacted, joint commissioner of police B Dayananda on Tuesday said he does not know any Usman Ghani. \"I am not sure which Ghani you are talking about. We have sent a request for issuing a red-corner notice against one Usman Ghani. That's all I can say as of now.\"However, Fathima Khan, the mother, said Karnataka police had interrogated her son in 2008 during investigations into the Bangalore serial blasts.Dr Ghani was working in National Guard Hospital, Riyadh, and was picked up on October 8.\"Though Saudi police detained Dr Ghani for 20 days and grilled him, they failed to establish his links with any terror-linked activities. After being released on Sunday, Usman called me,\" the mother said.\"Karnataka police interrogated him in 2008 and gave him a clean chit. Now Saudi police, at the behest of Bangalore police, detained him for 20 days and found him innocent. I hope the Indian security forces will not harass my family any further,\" Fathima and other family members said.\"This is not all. The police had picked up both my sons several times and released them,\" she added.The Association for Protection of Civil Rights has said it will take legal action against the authorities concerned if Dr Ghani's family members want to pursue the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026629", "title": "Corporations to hire more breeding checkers", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a surge in the dengue cases, the municipal corporations have intensified efforts to check mosquito breeding. The agencies are planning to hire additional staff to keep the menace in check and create awareness about the disease. Officials say breeding in border areas is their main concern.The matter was discussed at the House meeting of North Delhi Municipal Corporation on Tuesday. The corporation, which has decided to hire extra domestic breeding checkers, also plans to crack down on properties where breeding is detected. \"People don't let our staff enter their homes. So far, we have challaned almost 3,000 properties in our area and served more than 20,000 notices. People have to cooperate with us. We have asked officials to intensify the drive,\" said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the House, North corporation.While private hospitals claim that they are seeing a sharp rise in dengue cases, municipal health officials say the figures issued by the civic agencies are based on data sent by hospitals. Most hospitals conduct the NS1 rapid test for dengue. But as per the guidelines of the health ministry, NS1 Elisa is the confirmatory test. \"It is mandatory for hospitals to report dengue cases to us. However, we only compile reports of NS1 Elisa test,\" said Dr NK Yadav, municipal health officer, South corporation. He added, \"The situation is under control right now. There is no need to panic.\"Meanwhile, East corporation is worried that border areas like Ghazipur and Sonia Vihar, and places near Loni, Ghaziabad, may be affected by the menace. \"Lots of dengue cases are being reported from areas like Indirapuram in Ghaziabad. There is a possibility that authorities in UP are not checking mosquito breeding,\" said S S Yadav, commissioner, East corporation. Recently, East corporation had asked the chief medical officer of Gautam Budh Nagar to control the situation. A team had been formed for the purpose. \"I think the team is doing little to check breeding,\" Yadav.To make matters worse, some of the fogging machines in East corporation are out of order. \"We have asked for new machines,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman, standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17027575", "title": "Kapil Sibal also a victim of pesky calls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pesky calls and messages are a menace not only for common people but also for telecom minister Kapil Sibal , who said that he too is a victim of the unsolicited communications and has discussed these issues with telecom regulator.\"Trai is taking it up (pesky calls/SMSs issue). I also face lot of problem. Every two minutes I get such SMS,\" said Sibal.\"People...used international servers (to send such SMSs), but that also has been stopped. I met Trai chairman. He will ensure that this is not going to happen anymore,\" he said.Meanwhile, at another event Trai chairman Rahul Kullar said responding to a query on pesky calls: \"You will see something by November 5.\"The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) recently issued a consultation paper to seek public views to strengthen regulations to check pesky calls and SMSs.Trai in draft \"Telecom Commercial Communication Customer Preference (Tenth Amendment) Regulations, 2012\" has proposed disconnection of resources of entities for whom the promotion is being carried out after 10 violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17027872", "title": "Devotees take Kartik dip in dirty river", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In an example of blatant laxity on the part of Allahabad Municipal Corporation officials, Baluaghat and Gaughat continue to languish in neglected even as the holy month of Kartik started on Monday. Piles of garbage dot both ghats and devotees were forced to take a dip in such conditions. Mayor Abhilasha Gupta visited the ghats and urged civic administration to make arrangements to clean up the ghats. Mud has accumulated on the banks of the Yamuna river on which Gaughat and Baluaghat are located. Due to accumulation of the mud, devotees encounter several problems while taking a dip in the holy river. Expressing his ire over laxity of AMC officials, a devotee Punit Singh says \"Every year, lot of mud accumulates on the banks of Yamuna but Allahabad Municipal Corporation staff never bothers to remove it.The condition has deteriorated to such an extent that even the flood lights installed to illuminate the area in the dark hours of evening or dawn are not working. As a result, the ghat is engulfed in darkness the moment dusk sets in.The banks of Yamuna remain piled with garbage at Baluaghat. Residents of the area have complained about the pathetic response of the municipal corporation officials who have not taken steps to clean up the ghats. Even the Baradari which stands majestically on the ghat has turned into a garbage heap with impurities and cow dung littering the place.It is pertinent to mention that Kartik is a holy month in which devotees from the city and adjoining districts flock in large numbers to Baluaghat and Gaughat in large numbers for a holy dip.Another Baluaghat resident Ashish Srivastava lamented \"The cleanliness scenario is worst in the area. Stray animals loiter in the area and no steps are taken to remove the animals or the filth spread by them.\"Irked by the complaints, mayor Abhilasha Gupta visited the spot on Monday. She gave instructions for removal of mud to make the dip easier for devotees. She also issued directions for making arrangements for cleanliness of the ghats.During her visit to the ghat, residents also complained about the non-functioning of the flood lights installed in the area and she gave instructions for their repair as also of the street lights in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026809", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal files RTI for details of tariff order", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing his offensive against Delhi's power tariff, India Against Corruption (IAC) activist Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday filed an RTI plea demanding disclosure of the controversial April-May 2010 draft tariff order. The order had recommended 20% reduction in domestic tariff because Delhi's power distribution companies had made a profit of Rs 3,000 crore.Kejriwal also sought to know if any DERC members or their families were related to the Tatas or Reliance. Discoms NDPL and BSES are owned by Tata and Reliance respectively. The activist also asked whether it was true that then DERC chairperson and a member had approved the order. He also sought access to all files and related correspondence between DERC and Delhi government between April 1, 2010 and March 31, 2011.In his RTI plea, Kejriwal said, \"DERC has mastered the art of dodging RTI applications by asking people to specify file numbers or order numbers. How does DERC expect ordinary people to know specific file numbers? It raises suspicion in minds of people about intentions of DERC. Under RTI Act, it is the duty of DERC to assist people in drafting applications. DERC knows quite well which order are we asking for. We would urge DERC to now provide us a copy of that order.'' Kejriwal has in the last two months attacked Delhi government for scrapping the order asking for a reduction in tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17028440", "title": "Ludhiana stocks up on bling", "text": "LUDHIANA: From a quiet, sacred fast to pray for the husband's long life, Karva Chauth today has evolved into a modern-day festival with women indulging themselves in preparation for the big day.With Karva Chauth excitement at its peak, Satluj Club organized a two-day exhibition-cum-sale for the residents of the city. People turned up in huge numbers to shop from designers from Ludhiana, Delhi and Mumbai, who were here to showcase their products.Ruchi Bawa, cultural secretary of the club, said, \"The exhibition-cum-sale is just another way to add excitement to the festivities, and allow women a one-stop shopping experience.\"Lovely Kaur, 32, who was totally engrossed in shopping, exclaims, \"I have spent almost four hours here and spent over Rs 10,000 and I still can't get enough. The stalls here are simply irresistible.\"Meanwhile, designer \"shararas\" and jewellery were the highlight of the exhibition, with Saif-Kareena wedding outfits being the latest flavour of the season.City-based designers Parry and Zinni Vig of Sarabha Nagar said, \"We have been getting a lot of customers asking for 'sharara' and long 'anarkali-churidar'. The range starts from Rs 4,000 and can go up to lakhs, while the popular colours remain peacock green, yellow and magenta.\"And with Diwali also around the corner, the decor section of the exhibition was also flooded with residents wanting to redo their interiors. Apneet Kaur of Model Town said, \"We have bought curtains and bedsheets from a Delhi-based designer. The colours are very refreshing and I am really excited to flaunt them this Diwali.\"Members of Laxmi Ladies Club also enjoyed being a part of the two-day colourful exhibition-cum-sale, Karva Mela, which started on Tuesday. The mela attracted around 500 ladies, who gathered to shop for the festival and spend quality time together.Members of Laxmi Ladies Club also enjoyed being a part of the two-day colourful exhibition-cum-sale, Karva Mela, which started on Tuesday.Dazzling in their diamonds and flaunting their best designer outfits, the club members enjoyed every bit of the pre Karva Chauth get-together. Around 50 stalls were put up as designers from all parts of the city displayed a huge variety of designer wears, jewellery sets, art &amp; craft decorative and home essentials at the stalls. Designer Naman Dhawan of New Model Town said, \"Money is no consideration when it comes to festival shopping for Ludhianavis. Out of the select display on my stall, a customer just bought a beautiful hot pink and green 'lehnga' costing Rs 85,000 in a flash.\"Neeti Bansal, a resident of Sunil Park, said, \"This year, 'anarkali' pattern with georgette velvet and floral prints is quite in fashion. Members have been requesting the same from us.\"Apart from the shopping, the club members also enjoyed singing, dancing and playing tambola. Reena Soni of Dugri, said, \"The club activities were a wonderful compliment to the mela. I loved shopping and even managed to buy a suit for Karva Chauth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17027544", "title": "Another vent at Malakpet rail under bridge to ease traffic congestion", "text": "HYDERABAD: To ease traffic congestion on the Malakpet-Dilsukhnagar stretch, which is part of the National Highway-9, a new vent will be provided at the rail under bridge (RUB) in Malakpet. Apart from the vent, road will be expanded on both sides of the RUB. As of now, the road, which is only 50 ft to 60 ft wide, gets choked near the RUB during peak hours. The carriageway beyond the RUB is between 120 ft and 150 ft wide. Since the LB Nagar-Miyapur metro rail corridor (I) would pass through this stretch and a station would also come up near the Malakpet railway station, officials have proposed another vent at the RUB.The Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) would bear the expenditure on the vent pegged around Rs 10 crore, while the South Central Railway (SCR) might provide the two-way vent for the existing bridge. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) would expand road on both sides of the bridge. General alignment drawings (GAD) for the vent have been prepared and sent to the Union ministry of road transport and highways for clearance since the stretch falls under their jurisdiction.As of now, there are two vents (four lanes). If another vent (two lanes) is created, it would become a six-lane stretch. The HMR is planning to start works after getting approvals from NHAI and SCR. The SCR might execute the work with funds provided by HMR or GHMC would take it up under the supervision of HMR and SCR.The Railways has already taken up expansion of two RUBs near Rail Nilayam and Alugaddabavi a few months ago. GHMC is footing the bill for expansion works of bridges costing about Rs 28 crore and has already released about Rs 23 crore. Once construction of vents at the two RUBs is completed, there would be smooth flow of traffic on the Secunderabad-Tarnaka stretch.GHMC officials said the RUB at Alugaddabavi bridge might be completed by December, while the one at Rail Nilayam could be ready by March next.Meanwhile, another nine underpasses have been proposed at various junctions on the NH to facilitate smooth flow of traffic once the metro rail starts functioning. The underpasses have been proposed at JNTU-Kukatpally Y-junction, SR Nagar, Mythrivanam, Khairatabad junction, Moosarambagh, Dilsukhnagar, Chaitanyapuri crossroads and Gaddiannaram. As all these points are on national highways covering a distance of 30km, the permission of the Union ministry of road transport and highways is necessary.\"No decision has been taken whether to go for an underpass or a flyover at some places like Khairatabad junction. However, these will be taken up in a phased manner with funds of HMR,\" HMR managing director NVS Reddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17027377", "title": "Police inspectors peeved over direct recruitment to 50% of Deputy Superintendent of Police posts", "text": "PANAJI: Police inspectors (PIs)are upset over the decision of the police department to go ahead with filling 50% of DySP posts through direct recruitment with retrospective effect from 1998. The PIs had demanded that 80% of the posts be filled by promoting the PIs and 20% through direct recruitment.\"The process of recruiting 50% of the officers will block the chances of a PI getting promoted. The moral of the officers has hit an all-time low,\" said a senior officer. The file will now be sent to the police promotion board and then to the police establishment board.The police department is in the process of filling 20 DySP posts, of which 12 persons will be directly recruited while eight will be promoted. Promotions will be given to those DySPs who are already appointed on an ad-hoc basis.In December 2011, the state government had issued a notification stating that only 50% of PIs would be promoted to the posts of DySP and the other 50% would be directly recruited.Protesting the previous Congress government's decision, the PIs had made a representation to chief minister Manohar Parrikar . \"The CM had assured us that he would definitely consider our demands and had sought six months,\" an officer said, adding that till date there has been no redressal. \"What is more shocking, is that we now know that the SP (headquarters) is in the process of moving the file to directly recruit DySPs,\" a PI said.Some officers have also sent a representation to the SP (headquarters) objecting to the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028500", "title": "Industrial policy fails to meet deadline", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government has failed to meet the October-25 deadline to bring into force the state's new Infrastructure and Industrial Investment Policy 2012. Days after chief secretary Jawed Usmani directed the departments concerned to issue all government orders related to the new policy and publish a booklet containing the GOs by October 25, over 20 GOs and several orders, including those with financial implications, have not been issued yet.For implementing the policy in its entirety, about 25 departments of the state government had to issue as many as 60 GOs. Speaking to TOI, special secretary department of industries Kaushal Raj Sharma,said: \"About 20 GOs with financial implications are pending. In some cases, where new budget heads have to be created, we will need an approval by the state assembly when it convenes. As a result, there have been delays. A few other non-finance related GOs are in the pipeline too.\"Earlier, in a crucial departure from the process of previous years, Usmani had mandated that all GOs, notifications as well as amendments in Acts, Rules and Regulations concerning industries in the state be published in a separate booklet and made available to entrepreneurs as part of the new Infrastructure and Industrial Investment policy.The chief secretary also said the booklet, along with the policy document, must be made available to all industry associations and entrepreneurs interested by November. Speaking to TOI, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta, said: \"The chief secretary will meet officials of the finance department regarding the remaining GOs, especially those with financial implications, in the first week of November. Once the process is complete, the booklet will be published.\"In the industrial policy's previous avatar, effected during the Mayawati regime, though the policy was announced as a body of provisions, it lacked the strength of executive orders.This led to complaints from entrepreneurs that many GOs were never issued, which effectively meant that only some parts of the policy could be implemented. On condition of anonymity, a UP-based entrepreneur said, \"If you wanted to avail an incentive listed in the policy you had to search for the concerned GO, which was not easy. This time, if the GOs are made available along with the policy, it will come as a huge relief to all businesses.''In addition to operationalising the policy document, the state government has also devised detailed roadmap for promoting investment in the state. The plans, which were approved by the chief secretary on Tuesday, will now be presented before chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . Sharma said: \"We have sought time from the CMs office and will make the presentation to him. The plan contains details of all activities that can be undertaken, including road shows, trade fairs both within the country and abroad, to invite investors to UP.\"Earlier, Gupta had said the government would undertake road shows to market aggressively UP's new industrial development policy. Apart from participating in investors' meets in metropolitan cities in the country, the industries department also proposed to promote UP's case in places like the US, Europe and Singapore; regions that have expressed an interest in investing in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026408", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs3 lakh robbed from property dealer", "text": "NAGPUR: While the city police were jolted with the case of a robbery of Rs1.5 crore at Jaistambh Square on Tuesday morning, a similar robbery took place in the afternoon in Jaripatka police station area.Around 2.45pm, a property dealer was relieved of jewellery worth Rs3.06 lakh in front of his house at Choks Colony. Sharad Verma had just taken out the ornaments from his bank's locker.Verma said that he was facing some financial problems in his business and had decided to mortgage the jewellery for some money.Around 1pm, he had gone in his car to a bank at Shri Mohini complex to get the valuables. He said that two youths on a bike had even tried to obstruct his car while he on his way home from the bank. However, he ignored them and took an alternative way to reach home. As he parked his car in front of his house, Verma was closing the car door with the bag in one hand, when two youths came on a speeding bike and snatched the bag. Verma tried to chase them but failed.He immediately filed a police complaint. Verma failed to note down the thieves bike's number.In the similar incident that took place just few days ago in Kalamna area, bike borne youths came waving a sword and robbed Rs1 lakh cash from two brothers. The brothers had just stepped out of the car and were walking to the gate of their house when the thieves fled with the bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17027893", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike council meet trashed, literally", "text": "BANGALORE: It was political muck of the worst kind on display at the BBMP council meeting on Tuesday. Instead of seriously addressing the garbage problem and trying to resolve it for Bangaloreans and the landfill villagers, councillors once again resorted to muck-raking and political gimmicks. The high point was when opposition JD(S) members emptied out a tractor full of garbage outside the BBMP hall before the meeting took place.With just two months left for Mandur residents to turn down trucks filled with Bangalore's garbage, the 198 corporators did not bother to discuss long-term measures to resolve the crisis. Whether the waste was segregated or not, the opposition held a segregated protest - JD(S) outside and Congress inside the House at different intervals.In the morning, JD(S) councillors led by their floor leader T Thimme Gowda and some of their supporters came up with a tractor filled with garbage and emptied it out in front of the steps leading to BBMP council meeting. They sat in a dharna and even tried to prevent Mayor H Venkatesh Murthy from entering the hall.They shouted slogans against the Mayor, the state government and the chief minister for failing to solve the problem even after three months.\"The New York Times report on garbage problem in Bangalore has lowered the image of the city known as Garden city. For the past three months, the state government has failed to come out with any action plan. Even the five alternative sites chosen by them for landfills are not approved by KSPCB,\" Thimme Gowda said. The JD(S) members sat in dharna for close to two hours.Inside the BBMP council, the meeting which was delayed by one-and-a-half hours, started with a protest. The Congress members, some of them wearing black bands, protested against the delay in commencing the meeting. They sat in a dharna in the well off the House and engaged in sloganeering against the Mayor and the state government.Waiting for a non-meetingThough the BBMP council meeting was scheduled to start at 10.30 am, it started at 11.15 am. Since there was no quorum, the Deputy Mayor adjourned it to 12 noon. It finally started at 12.30 pm. Again there were charges and counter charges flying between the ruling and opposition party members. The opposition Congress members wanted the JD(S) members to be called inside so as to have a meaningful discussion. However, some of the ruling party members, including the floor leader N Nagaraj, objected by saying that the behaviour of JD(S) members was unbecoming. \"Instead of discussing the important issue inside the house, they have thrown garbage in front of the council building and even prevented the Mayor from attending the House,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17030382", "title": "Tom Cruise not filing case against drunk trespasser", "text": "Tom Cruise will not be pressing charges against his drunk neighbour Jason Sullivan, who wandered onto the actor's Beverly Hills residence Sunday night.Sullivan, who had been staying next door at the home of Cruise's agent Kevin Huvane, had reportedly mistaken the 'Mission: Impossible' star's property for Huvane's when he entered the grounds.\"Tom's not a vindictive guy,\" the New York Post quoted Cruise's attorney, Bert Fields, as telling TMZ.com.\"The guy was drunk. He didn't have a malicious intent,\" he said.Cruise's security guard told Sullivan to leave, but instead he tried to climb over the wall to into the property.The guard then used a stun gun on him.He was arrested, cited for misdemeanor trespassing and released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17028935", "title": "Assamese play to be staged at Mumbai theatre", "text": "GUWAHATI: An Assamese stage director will be among 29 participants from across the country at the Prithvi Theatre Festival this year. Robojita Gogoi's 'Tata OK Bye Bye' will be staged at Mumbai's Prithvi Theatre on November 5.\"It is a great honour for me to direct the play at the Prithvi Theatre Festival. It is a great honour for the north east as well,\" said Gogoi, who has been directing plays since mid-nineties.Gogoi has directed around 20-25 plays in different languages, like Assamese, Karbi, Bodo, Kanada, Hindi and English. 'Tata OK Bye Bye' is written by Purva Naresh and will be staged both in English and Hindi.The 16-day festival will start on November 3. Around 29 plays will be staged during the festival. The iconic theatre is coveted platform for scriptwriters, actors and directors alike, and \"for me, it is a great opportunity\", said an overwhelmed Gogoi.Stars like Shashi Kapoor , Sanjana Kapoor and Rishi Kappor are closely associated with it. The play will be staged twice on November 5, said Robijita Gogoi.'Tata, OK, Bye, Bye' delves into the subject of caste-based prostitution. It is about two documentary filmmakers, Pooja and Mitch, who are working on the life of a sex worker. While documenting, they realize it is not an easy task. The story also talks about village girls Seema and Rupa, one an aspiring actress and the other waiting for a getaway to the bigger world.Few of Gogoi's major directorial ventures are are Gaantha-the 1st text (Assamese), Rangpherpi Rangbe (Karbi), Nisheli (Nnagamese dialect), Memsaheb Prithvi (Hindi), Technicolour Dream (Nagamese, English and local Naga dialects), Technicolour Dream2 (Nagamese, English and local Naga dialects).She has also directed Harold Pinter's The Dumb Waiter (Hindi), Mohon Rakesh's Ashad Ka Ak Din (Kanada), J M Singe's Riders To The Sea (Assamese), Vijay Tendulkar's Kanyadan (Hindi), Jaishankar Prashad's Dhruvswamini (Hindi), Mahesh Alkunswar's Holi (Assamese) and Margeruite Duras' La Musica (Assamese). She also performed at Dilip Tamuli's Installation called Identity market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17026350", "title": "Rape victim challenges man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s acquittal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A rape victim has approached the Delhi high court challenging the acquittal of the accused by a court on the ground of contradiction in her testimony.Filing an appeal before Justice V K Shali, the victim said the trial court has ignored evidence as well as testimonies of prosecution witnesses, including a lawyer who had asked her to lodge a case, and the doctor, who had examined her soon after the incident. HC will take up the plea on December 13.The victim has claimed there is enough evidence in her statements given to the court and in her final testimony to ensure her alleged rapist gets convicted and is handed strict punishment.A trial court had acquitted Dushyant, a Maharani Bagh resident on October 24, last year saying the victim's statement was \"full of contradictions\" and the rape charges don't stick. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17027179", "title": "Builders to be fined for payment lapses", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Even though the NCR Planning Board approved the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 two months ago, the chaos in the area does not seem to end. After failing to get a positive response from farmers and developers in spite of several meetings, the Greater Noida Authority has decided to turn aggressive and withdraw all 'zero period' benefits from those developers who have not submitted their instalments so far.The Authority has also stopped development work and disbursement of compensation cheques in those villages that are agitating and halting construction of housing projects. The Authority will also issue notices to defaulter developers and has threatened to cancel their plot allotments.Greater Noida Authority deputy CEO, Chandrakant Pandey, said that despite giving several deadlines to the developers working in Greater Noida West and other parts in the regions, the Authority did not get 70% due instalments. \"An amount of Rs 1,000 crore is supposed to be submitted by the developers, but only Rs 234 crore have been paid to the Authority,\" Pandey said.\"The developers who have not submitted instalments will not be allowed relief of the 'zero period'. The Authority will issue notices to the developers and penalty will also be imposed on defaulters. If they do not respond, their plots will also be cancelled,\" Pandey added.CREDAI (Western UP) vice president, RK Arora, said that earlier developers were waiting for approval of the master plan, but now the pace of development has been hampered due to dearth of funds. \"Developers should submit their installments to speed-up development work and compensation distribution. Our body will also ask those developers to submit installments who have not paid so far,\" Arora said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17027717", "title": "Chicken price plunges", "text": "The bird flu scare appeared to be spreading across the city, pulling down the demand and price of chicken.\"On Monday, a live chicken cost Rs 66 a kg. On Tuesday, it dropped to Rs 54. Tomorrow, we expect it to touch Rs 49,\" said Mohd Taufiq of Shahid Chicken Centre on Shivajinagar.Traders, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said orders, particularly from hotels, had dipped sharply. Chicken stalls in front of Russell Market which used to remain open till late night downed their shutters around 8pm.Many non-vegetarian hotels in the Central Business District had 'No chicken items' on boards. \"Chicken sale has been hit by at least 60%,\" said Mohammed Mustafa, a chicken seller in Shivajinagar.The move came even as authorities banned the marketing and movement of poultry and poultry products to and from areas within 10 km of the Central Poultry Development Organisation, Hesaraghatta, where an outbreak of avian influenza (H5N1) was spotted last week. There are an estimated 1.5 lakh poultry birds in 68 villages in this zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17026557", "title": "Haryana power corporation engineers to learn Chinese", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) has sent its four engineers to learn Chinese at a China Embassy-run institute in New Delhi. The move comes as the corporation was forced to close two of its power plants in August due to the inability of its engineers to explain the reasons that had led to glitches there to the Chinese firms that supply them equipment.The corporation would also hire an interpreter-cum-language teacher to help engineers communicate better with Chinese suppliers of their equipments. \"We could not properly convey over the phone what the technical snags were as they would not understand English. So this is why decided to make our engineers speak and understand Chinese,\" said HPGCL managing director Anurag Agarwal. \"We have sent two engineers each from Hisar and Yamunanagar plants for the Chinese course. Other engineers will also have to follow suit.''The decisions were taken at an HPGCL meeting that Haryana power secretary Ajit Mohan Sharan chaired in August following glitches at power plants in Yamunanagar and Hisar districts. The plants had to be closed for days as the repair work could not be undertaken in time due to language barriers.Rakesh Harsh, an assistant engineer from Khedar power plant, said, \"Currently we are learning the language on weekends but I want to continue on my own after the course ends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027451", "title": "Residents, green activists prevent illegal tree-felling", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite promises made by district officials to form a tree authority to protect its remaining green cover, three trees were felled on Tuesday in a residential area in Singanallur in the city without the concerned officials' permission. The trees were felled in the name of road-widening works. The private contractor had plans to cut and remove more trees. However, the plans were aborted following stiff resistance from local residents and green activists.According to green activist K Mohan Raj, who approached authorities seeking action against those responsible for the tree-felling, three trees were cut by the private contractor at Daya Garden in Lakshman Nagar near Singanallur on Tuesday morning in the presence of local councillor. The contractor was entrusted with the work of relaying the local road which was damaged earlier for laying under ground drainages.Though cutting and removing of the trees was not necessary for relaying the road, the contractor planned to fell all the trees on both sides of the road without the corporation's permission. The whole process was undertaken along with the local councillor Sami, alleged the activists.Local resident and a senior officer at Coimbatore airport, Karthikeyan objected to the tree felling when he saw the felled logs in the morning. He contacted the local residents and they informed activists of Tamil Nadu Green Movement. Soon, Mohan Raj and his team of activists reached the scene and prevented further felling of trees. Green activist Yoganathan also reached the spot to stop further tree felling.As demanded by them, city corporation's east zone assistant engineer, Jayarajan reached the spot and instructed the contractor to stop the tree-felling. Jayarajan also gave a written assurance that no more trees would be felled from the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17028355", "title": "Rohtak shelter home abuse case: CBI court allows DNA test of three accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a significant development, a special CBI court in Panchkula on Tuesday allowed the DNA tests of three accused, involved in sexual abuse of children inside Rohtak's shelter home, Apna Ghar.Special CBI judge permitted the DNA tests of Satish, driver at the shelter home, Jai Bhagwan, son-in-law of Apna Ghar caretaker Jaswanti Devi and Jaswanti's brother Jaswant Singh while accepting the demand of CBI, which is probing the case.Jai Bhagwan and Satish had refused to undergo the DNA test while Jaswant had consented for the test.The DNA tests were required by the premier agency to identify the father of a baby girl born to a rape victim, who was an inmate at Apna Ghar.The 20-year-old physically challenged victim had delivered a girl on September 16. She is currently living with her daughter at Swadhar, a shelter home run by the state women and child development department at Bhiwani city.The victim was rescued from the shelter home during the raid by National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) on May 9 this year. The raid saw rescue of over 90 minor girls, aged between 10 and 15. Jaswanti was later charged with immoral trafficking and torture.Earlier, the case was investigated by a special investigation team of Haryana police but was later transferred to CBI. CBI has already filed charge sheets against the seven accused, including Jaswanti, in the CBI court on August 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17027732", "title": "I am ready for Tests, proclaims Manoj Tiwary", "text": "MUMBAI: Manoj Tiwary has played just 11 Internationals (8 Onedayers , 3 T20s) in a fledging fourand-a-half-year career. During this period, he has missed close to 50 games, having had to warm the bench. That his non-inclusion has nothing to do with his talent, form, or attitude, must be all the more frustrating for the 26-year-old.He put his disappointment on the backburner on Tuesday. Turning up for India 'A' , he saw an opportunity in adversity and scored a classy 93 to enable the Suresh Raina-led side to recover from 190 for 6 to 369 for 9 at stumps on Day 1 of the three-day contest against England at the Brabourne Stadium here.\"I haven't been playing lately,\" stressed the Bengal skipper, adding \"I was waiting for an opportunity to just play a game and I'm happy to have performed. However, I am disappointed that I wasn't able to score a hundred.\"Describing himself as an emotional person, Tiwary admitted that it's been tough to deal with long periods of inactivity. So how does he deal with the dejection of not being picked? \"I watch a lot of inspirational videos on YouTube to keep my motivation levels up. If you are there in the team and days pass by when you know you're not playing, the best thing to do is work hard in the nets. I did that. I worked on my bowling as well. It's very difficult to get into the Indian team, and it'll help my case if I can contribute in all three departments,\" analysed Tiwary.Tiwary's confidence is another asset for him. \"I never let my confidence dip when I am out of the side. Whether I score a hundred or a zero, my confidence remains intact,\" he said.The YouTube and internet buff picks the video featuring British athlete Derek Redmond as his favourite. \"His 400m semifinal in the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona tops my list.\" The British athlete tore his hamstring during the event, but fought through pain and after assistance from his dad, managed to complete a full lap which prompted the capacity crowd to give him a standing ovation.While the game was supposed to be a contest to see who between Yuvraj Singh and Suresh Raina grabs the No. 6 spot, Tiwary's success on Tuesday, ironically at No. 6, gives the selectors another option . \"Yes, there is competition for that spot. I have tried my best to do well and the rest is up to the selectors . I am ready for Test cricket now,\" he declared.Coach Lalchand Rajput added more to the debate when he said, \"Everybody saw the way Yuvi batted today. I think he has done enough to seal the No. 6 spot now. I know Manoj batted very well too, but Yuvraj outclassed everybody. That he has also scored a double hundred in the Duleep Trophy should augur well for his Test comeback.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17027309", "title": "Karvy to woo young investors", "text": "KOCHI: Karvy Stock Broking Ltd will try to attract young investors in the state, said C Parthasarathy, chairman of the company, in Kochi on Monday.\"The average age of an investor in Kerala is 60, which is much higher compared to the average age of investors in the other parts of the country. It seems those who have retired are interested in investing in equity. Hence, we are going to upgrade the knowledge and technology to provide services to the younger generation,\" Parthasarathy said. The average age of investors in other states falls in the 38 - 40 range, he added.P C Cyriac, former chief secretary, the government of Tamil Nadu, inaugurated Kary's regional office in Kadavanthra in Kochi on Monday. The office has an online trading hall, a trading desk for large scale businessmen and a support desk for online trading clients. \"Karvy set up an office in Kochi more than fifteen years ago. Initially, we had an investor service centre, but it has grown into a network of 20 offices and 35 franchisees in the state,\" Parthasarathy said. The company has 11,000 investors here and the target is to triple it within a period of two years. Karvy was also keen to increase its online penetration in the state, which was 'very low' compared to other states, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17028743", "title": "Fake Maoist nabbed in Malkangiri dist", "text": "KORAPUT: Villagers caught and handed over a man posing as Maoist to police in Malkangiri district on Tuesday. The fake Red rebel, Madan Hontal (25) of Kadamguda village within Chitrakonda police limits, indulged in extortion.He was active in the area for quite some time and used to extort money from people in villages within Gunthaput gram panchayat. But when he demanded money from the sarpanch of Gunthaput, villagers informed the police.\"While examining Hontal's antecedents we found out that he was neither a Maoist nor did he have any link with the Maoist organization. He just made a quick buck by identifying himself as a Maoist and used to terrorize people. He was produced in court,\" SP (Malkangiri) said.Miscreants identifying themselves as Maoists and extorting money from government officials, traders and contractors has been on the rise in this part of the state in the past few weeks as people seldom dare to approach police against the Red rebels. Police have arrested nearly 20 fake Maoists in Koraput, Malkangiri and Raygada districts in the past few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17027888", "title": "Ban on serving of special food in jail", "text": "MANGALORE: Convicts and undertrials in prisons across Karnataka hoping to dig into special food on festive occasions are in for a disappointment. The department of prisons on Tuesday banned such a practice with immediate effect.This is the direct fallout of group clashes over the move to distribute biryani to some undertrials at the district jail here on the occasion of Bakrid.Authorities of central prisons and district jails wanting to provide special food to their inmates on such occasions will have to obtain permission of the head office. This diktat will also apply to 'home food' supplied to undertrials or convicts by their families, said KV Gagandeep, additional director general of police (prisons).The jail manual has provision for undertrials to source home food either on directions from the jurisdictional court or on instructions from doctors, Gagandeep said. However, with instances of mass feeding of prisoners on important occasions giving scope for complaints of partiality by respective jail authorities, the department has decided to take such a step to restore fairness, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17028200", "title": "Now, police case for every public scuffle", "text": "JAIPUR: Calling a truce after a scuffle may not be enough to let you off the policeman's hook.Taking lessons from recent incidents where in groups even after violent a confrontation managed to get away from the law by reaching a compromise between themselves, the Jaipur police have now decided to lodge separate FIRs against each party even after they called the truce.Police explained that since such incidents cause trouble not only for them but also for other people present at the spot, and cases will be lodged against the warring factions for disturbing peace.The decision was taken after the MD road incident in which two groups clashed over a trivial parking issue. Aadditional commissioner of police (crime) G L Meena has asked officers, including circle inspectors of 55 police stations, to take such cases seriously.\"Usually what happens is that groups involved in violent confrontation initially lodge FIRs against each other. Later, either by family or community pressure, they withdraw the cases. But we can't keep mum and let them go free since they are responsible for causing trouble to many by disturbing peace,\" Meena said while talking to TOI on Tuesday.He said all police officials have been asked to lodge a suo motto FIR in such cases and make prompt arrest by naming the culprits responsible for disturbing peace in a particular region or area.\"In the MD road case, the confronting groups have lodged counter cases against each other. Even if they had withdrawn their cases, we will book them for disturbing peace under Section 107 of the CrPC. In such cases, a senior officer in the police commissionerate can act as executive magistrate to book the culprits,\" Meena added.According to senior officials instances like eve teasing bid, vehicle parking and disposal of garbage among others trigger violent confrontation between groups and cause trouble to the people at large and the government machinery.It may be recalled that some youths had also entered into a violent scuffle when one of the groups alleged eve teasing in a colony at Brahmpuri locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17030223", "title": "Durga inspires artists to paint and live life", "text": "KOLKATA: For most leading painters in the city, Durga is a symbol that inspired them to take up the brush. For some she remains the fountainhead of spirituality and mooring of life and for others a life breath and power. There are yet others who see her in every woman and celebrate womanhood by painting Durga. This is that time of the year when you catch painters in a nostalgic mood where Durga rules their imagination, like she did in their earliest memories.The eyes of goddess Durga inspires creativity in him, admits Jogen Chowdhury, though otherwise he is a professed atheist. He owes his earliest expressions of art to these eyes.\"Nothing compares the combination of power and femininity that Durga's eyes inspire. And it is this rare combination that inspires me to paint Durga over and over again,\" said the painter, who is known to have painted Durga throughout his career, much like Bikash Bhattacharya, who is no more but is known to have painted the largest number of Durga pictures in his artistic career.There are some like painter Ganesh Halui who are easily inspired by human life around them and for whom the spirituality of Durga is not the main source of inspiration. Yet, there's no ignoring her all pervading presence. \"I grew up in Jamalpur in Bangladesh where the celebrations surrounding the pujas started months before the pujas actually started. We as village kids would hang around the Durga Bari right from the time when the frame was being covered with straw. Inch by inch we watched with surprised admiration as the mound of clay got transformed into the mother goddess. That awe remains deep within and often stirs me,\" Halui said.He has painted Durga a couple of times, but everytime as the goddess with features that inspire reverence. Very unlike Jogen Chowdhury and Bikash Bhattacharya, he has never likened his Durga to an everyday woman we experience in our daily lives.If you grew up in a potters' locality, you naturally learnt to model an idol. This is how Isha Mohammed got his first training in art. He grew up in Konnagar on the banks of the Hooghly and watched artisans and potters make idols.The very name Durga brings in a rush of childhood memories complete with the smell of dank clay. Perhaps it is this surge of nostalgia that inspired Isha to make an unconventional Durga idol for Bakulbagan in 1994. \"Right from the demeanour of the goddess to the way in which her children were placed, as if coming down from the galaxy, I broke the conventional form, which was not so common those days,\" Isha said.Perhaps when Durga has been your muse for long, you tend to start experimenting and this is what has happened in case of painter Samir Aich who has not only painted Durga all his life but has even taken to idol making for some community puja organisers. \"The very name Durga evokes the picture of the mother goddess in my mind's eye. But I took the liberty of breaking this conventional form this time for the Ganguly Bagan no. 4 Milani Club this time,\" Aich said.Durga is not just the idol that we are used to seeing but you find her in the changed crispy weather, in the sudden gush of northerly winds and in the general cheer all around, artists say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17028135", "title": "25-year-old strangles son, commits suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: A 25-year-old woman strangled her two-yearold son to death before committing suicide by hanging from the roof of her house on Tuesday.The deceased are Hemalatha Satish and her only son Chaitresh Satish.Preliminary investigations revealed that Hemalatha strangled Chaitresh with the help of a cloth and later hanged herself at her residence at Agrahara Layout in Sampigehalli, near Yelahanka.A suicide note left by Hemalatha said she was taking the extreme step on her own and her husband shouldn't be troubled for it.Police suspect a family dispute could have triggered the tragedy. Hemalatha's husband, Satish Kumar , works in a garment factory in Yelahanka and had gone to work at 8am. He returned in the afternoon for lunch. He left again for work.\"Satish returned around 6 pm and repeatedly knocked on the door,\" police said. There was no response.\"Sensing that something was amiss, Satish broke open the door and found his son lying dead on the cot and wife hanging from the roof,\" police said.Hemalatha married Satish three years ago, police said. She worked as a tailor in the same factory where Satish worked. She quit last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17028374", "title": "Disabled professor 'forced' into VRS by Rohtak university", "text": "ROHTAK: Officials of MD University, Rohtak allegedly forced a professor suffering from Motor Neuron Disease to accept the Voluntary Retirement Scheme or VRS.In her police complaint, Vandana Malik, wife of management professor Virender Malik (50), who has been bedridden for the past around six months, alleged that OSD to the MDU vice-chancellor and three others forced her husband to give his thumb impressions on blank documents in the absence of his family at his residence. She also named the vice-chancellor in her complaint, accusing them of cheating, forgery and trespass. While police started investigations on receipt of the complaint on October 18, they have not registered a case yet.Vandana alleged that her husband, who is suffering from MND, a rare and deadly disease which has left his entire body paralyzed, was alone in the house on October 10 when Officer On Special Duty (OSD) to vice chancellor Vazir Singh Dalal and three other employees took his thumb impression on blank papers. These were used as an application seeking VRS on behalf of Malik.In its executive council meeting on October 12, the university granted the professor VRS with effect from October 18. The intimation letter sent to Malik said, \"he had been allowed VRS with immediate effect by waiving off the three months notice period\".Vandana said her husband had been teaching in the Institute of Management Studies and Research for the past 26 years. Professor Malik had been taking classes till May this year, which is when he became completely disabled.On May 23, doctors declared him 100% disabled. At this, the professor sent a request to the Vice-Chancellor seeking permission to continue in service as per the provisions of the Person with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1955. The Act states that no establishment shall dispense with or reduce in rank an employee who acquires disability during service.When contacted, MDU Vice-Chancellor R.P. Hooda said the professor had been granted VRS on his request. \"The varsity has no motive in granting him retirement which was given on his personal request. Still, I have assigned an inquiry to the registrar into the complaint by Malik's wife,\" he said. Rohtak SSP Vivek Sharma assured of action after preliminary investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "debra", "code": "17027060", "title": "Mourning monkeys hold up traffic", "text": "Debra: Drivers on state highways are no longer surprised by blockades, which often hold up traffic. However, this was a unique blockade on the Sabong-Debra state highway in West Midnapore. A troop of langurs held up traffic on the highway for nearly two hours, in anguish, after one of its members was run over by a vehicle. over apparently in protest against an accident of one of its herd members.Some 53 langurs laid siege to the highway after one in the pack, unmindful of traffic during a fight over a loaf of bread with another member of the troop, was run over by a Trekker at Balichak in Hariharpur.Traffic came to a standstill from both directions along the highway till a forest department team chased the pack away and rescued the langur that fell under the Trekker's wheels. It was alive then but succumbed to its injuries on way to the Hijli range office of the forest department. Divisional forest officer Anjan Guha said the langur died on way to Hijli and an autopsy will be conducted on Wednesday.The troop had been on the rampage in the village since morning, jumping on rooftops and treetops. Villagers kept giving these animals food like potatoes and fruits but it wasn't enough to pacify them. A shopkeeper had offered the animal in question a loaf of bread. It grabbed it and tried to gobble it up all by itself but another wanted a share of the food. and tried to snatch it from him.A fierce fight ensued in the middle of the state highway, unmindful of the heavy traffic. A trekker coming from Pingla ran over one of the monkeys, leaving it severely injured.The rest of the pack converged around the injured immediately in a display of sympathy towards him and apparent anger over the accident.The highway lay completely blocked for about two hours from 11.30 a.m. and both Sabong and Debra-bound traffic came to a standstill. The forest department was informed and a team led by Debra ranger Chandrasekhar Mahato reached the spot, chased the langur pack away and rescued the injured primate, which died later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17027029", "title": "Health varsity gets VC after 2 years", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal University of Health Sciences (WBUHS) has finally got a vice-chancellor (VC) after a gap of nearly two years. Dr Amit Banerjee joined the university on Tuesday after the Supreme Court refused to grant a stay on the Calcutta high court ruling, which had held cancellation of Banerjee's appointment illegal. With Banerjee taking charge, functioning of the university is expected to become smoother.Banerjee's appointment, however, was caught in a legal wrangle.His name was recommended by the university's executive council after the former VC, Dr P K Deb, retired in November 2010. Banerjee did not take up his assignment immediately after the appointment on the ground that he was yet to be released from his earlier post as director of Govind Ballabh Pant Hospital, New Delhi.After the Trinamool came to power, the present government cancelled Banerjee's appointment in July last year. Banerjee then moved the Calcutta high court terming the cancellation of his appointment unfair. In September this year, the high court upheld Banerjee's appointment as the VC terming the cancellation move illegal. The university then moved Supreme Court against this ruling.\"Dr Amit Banerjee has joined the university as VC on Tuesday after the apex court refused to grant a stay on the Calcutta high court ruling which had held cancellation of Banerjee's appointment illegal,\" said WBUHS pro-vice chancellor Dr Manoj Ghosh. Officials in the university said it had become very tough to function without a VC. Major policy decisions, recommended at the executive council meetings, need the final approval of the VC. Therefore, most of these recommendations were stuck.They are now hopeful of a smooth functioning of the institute.Sources in the university accused the state of playing politics during the appointment of officials. Banerjee was appointed as the VC during the Left regime. The government had also removed the previous pro-VC Dr Mrinal Kanti Chatterjee in September this year after he reportedly refused to oblige an influential Trinamool leader's demand to make four students of Burdwan Medical College qualify in a key exam. Needless to mention that Chatterjee was found fit for the post by a search committee months before he was transferred to a non-descript post at the Swasthya Bhawan.\"We want this mindless politics to be kept away from educational institutes at least during the recruitments and transfers. There was nothing to gain for the university in the past two years when it functioned without a vice chancellor,\" said a WBUHS official.\"We had a pro vice-chancellor, who was acting as the VC, so that the university could function without any hassles,\" said health minister Chandrima Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026564", "title": "Woman breastfed baby before abandoning", "text": "The woman who abandoned a three-month-old boy at CST on Saturday night is most likely his mother as CCTV footage shows her breastfeeding the child for nearly eight minutes , the police said. The toddler's identity hasn't been established.The womann, dressed in a green salwar kameez, had handed over the kid to a male passenger and left on the pretext of making a phone call.\"After handing over the baby to a male passenger, the woman did not exit the station immediately. CCTV grabs show was around on the premises for another 25 minutes,\" said senior inspector Surendra Deshmukh, CST GRP. \"The woman appears restive and unsure of her actions. CCTV grabs show her standing at the ticket booking counter, once with the child and at another instance, alone. She was also at a platform where the Howrah Express had arrived, but she did not board the train. She was carrying a black bag and a white plastic bag. She used the black bag to sit on it so we assume it contained nothing fragile.\" Around 9pm, she left CST through the subway. The two possibilities that the police are focusing on are that the child must have been legitimate but the mother may have entered a new relationship and must have wanted to abandon it, or that the baby was illegitimate.\"The baby was well-cared for and healthy. He had been bathed, dressed in good clothes and also had a diaper on. We have circulated a 12-minute long CCTV clip showing the accused, to our counterparts at other police stations,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17028437", "title": "Wear helmet to tank up your bikes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two-wheeler riders will now have to necessarily wear a helmet to tank up their motorbikes. In a bid to control rising number of deaths due to road accidents, the state government has decided to make it compulsory for two-wheeler riders to wear helmets in order to get their tanks refilled.Lucknow police has not undertaken any sustained traffic regulatory drive in past four months to enforce traffic rules following the orders of former district police chief Ashutosh Pandey. In May this year, Pandey had stripped Lucknow traffic police off its powers to issue tickets to motorists for violation of motor vehicles rules. The move, which was revoked subsequently, was initiated to reprimand traffic police on account of increasing number of complaints of bribery and extortion against them.Realising it is high time for the state to take some protective measures, a notification was issued to this effect on Monday evening by minister for transport and roadway, Mahendra Aridaman Singh. The petrol pump dealers, traffic police and motor vehicle departments will be instructed to ensure that the order gets implemented in days to come.Meanwhile, petrol pump dealers, the most crucial stakeholders involved in the successful implementation of this order, have expressed their reservations. \"We will be happy to provide our support to this idea, but in turn will expect the government to intervene in case we face difficulty in its implementation,\" said Sudhir Bora, secretary, Lucknow petrol dealers association. Bora was apprehensive of the unruly elements who might flex muscles opposing the order. \"How will a poor fuel station attendant be able to say no to policemen in uniform,\" Bora said citing a likely possibility.But police say the order can be implemented. \"A dedicated telehphone number can be provided to fuel station managers across the city to note the complaints against the motorists, specifically in this regard. The motorists can be impounded later on,\" said SP (traffic) Arvind Sen.However, figures indicate that traffic police has been inefficient in checking violation of traffic rules and it would be unlikely for it to take on another challenge. An average of 1,200 to 1,500 motorists are fined by traffic police every month, out of whom less than 5% are fined for not wearing helmets.Going forward, Lucknowites will come to know whether the idea floated by the government was a mere lip service, or more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028690", "title": "Website on fungal diversity to be launched", "text": "PUNE: Information on fungal diversity will now be accessible at the click of a mouse from November 2, with the launch of the website www.fungifromindia.com.The website will provide 1,646 notes on wood-rotting fungi and records of its 1,217 species. Wood-rotting fungi are used in the paper industry and have medicinal properties as well.The initiative has been taken up by assistant professor Kiran Ramchandra Vimal Ranadive from Waghire College, Saswad, under the mentorship of the late J G Vaidya from the botany department of the University of Pune, with technical support from Pune-based Harshavardhan Khare.Ranadive told TOI that the website will help sensitise people about the vast diversity of fungi in the country and encourage research in the field. It will also motivate individuals to create repositories of knowledge for access, learning and sharing. The website will give fungal descriptions, sites, morphology and use, along with photographs. It will be useful for researchers for reference.\"At present, there is a growing realisation about sustaining biodiversity and people are making efforts are being made to conserve rare or endangered flora and fauna. But the value of fungi is often overlooked. There is a need to generate a resource database of fungal species found in India to create awareness and generate interest at par with that in other forms of biodiversity,\" he said.The website will be launched by mycologist Anjali S Roy at 5.30 pm on November 2, at the Indradhanush near Mhatre bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17028623", "title": "Civic body resumes action against illegal buildings", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) restarted its drive against illegal constructions on Tuesday after a brief break during the Navaratra festival.Additional city engineer (building permission) Vivek Kharwadkar said, \"The PMC had suspended the drive as sufficient police personnel were not available during the festive period. The drive was resumed on Tuesday and illegal constructions in Yerawada, Baner and Balewadi were demolished.\"Kharwadkar said the civic body would continue the drive until all illegal buildings in the city were demolished. The PMC has served notices to people responsible for 2,370 illegal buildings in the city. Of these, only 844 have been demolished so far.The PMC's earlier demolition drive, which took place between July 7 and September 19, was suspended for nearly 10 days on account of the Ganesh festival. The PMC said it had demolished 6,38,000 sq ft of illegal constructions across the city during that drive.The civic body resumed the drive after the Taljai tragedy. A three-storey illegal building in Taljai had collapsed on September 24, resulting in the death of 11 people. The construction was in a low water zone, where only 0.33 floor space index (FSI) is permitted. However, the construction had exceeded the limit considerably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17026967", "title": "Maharashtra ambulances to ferry patients to hospitals", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Government has finally started the process for the launch of the Emergency Medical and Referral Services (EMS). Under it, 937 ambulances would be provided as a part of National Rural Health Mission at a cost of Rs1050 crore.State government has outsourced the entire project to BVG India Ltd which will be handing over the first vehicle by March. However, it will about September 2013 when all 937 ambulances will be in place. The project will be implemented across state including all major municipal corporations - Mumbai, Thane, Aurangabad, Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad, Nashik and Nagpur.Speaking to TOI, joint director of NRHM in Maharashtra Dr Satish Pawar said that these ambulances are expected to pick up patients in emergency within the 'golden hour' and reach them to nearest hospital. \"The project was delayed due to some parties challenging the tendering process. Government won the case some months back and the process started again,\" he said.There are basically two types of vehicles, the ones with Basic Life Support (BLS) system and one with Advanced Life Support System (ALS). \"These can be called for by dialling the nationwide number being used under the project -108. It aims to bring about a 20% reduction in mortality and morbidity rate,\" Dr Pawar stated.ALS vehicles will cost Rs32 lakh (Rs 14 lakh for vehicle and Rs 17 lakh for equipment) each. The recurring cost of the vehicle has been put at Rs1.4 lakh which includes expenses on staff, training and managing or response centre. Maharashtra is procuring 704 BLS vehicles and 233 ALS. There will be one ambulance for every one lakh rural population and every 3 lakh urban population. Mumbai alone will have 120 vehicles.In ALS vehicles, besides the basic support system, there will be facilities for patients of heart attack, multiple organ failure as well as those on dialysis. Only ALS can transport critically ill patients and is called bed-bed support system. It will also have qualified doctors, nurses and paramedical staff.District collectors will head the committee that will control its working and will include transport, information technology, medical education, police, fire brigade and finance and placing departments along with health department. For ambulances procured for corporations, total expenditure of procurement and recurring cost will be borne by state government while in rural areas 100% capital cost and 60% recurring cost will be borne by Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17026344", "title": "Doctor at heart", "text": "Dr Sabahat Azim never wanted to become a doctor. He donned the white apron under family pressure but it wasn't long before he was planning how to get out of it. He prepared himself for the civil services as well as GMAT and cracked both and chose to be a civil servant.His father was also a civil servant in Uttar Pradesh and due to his transferable job, as a child Sabahat had the opportunity to stay at various places in UP. \"In our time parents expected their sons and daughters to become doctors or engineers. Since my elder brother became an engineer from IIT Kanpur, they expected me, the youngest one, to become a doctor,\" Sabahat says. But he broke out of the mould and joined the IAS as secretary to the Tripura chief minister.Once he realized that the learning part from his IAS profession was over, he took another leap of faith to start his first enterprise.He formed Sahaj e-village along with Srei Infrastructure Finance , the Kolkata-based infrastructure finance company, in 2006. Sahaj's objective was to establish common service centres or tele-centres that would provide a variety of internet and e-governance services to people in rural areas.\"We built 18,000 tele-centres across Kolkata, Assam , UP, Bihar and Tamil Nadu ,\" Sabahat recalls.In 2010, Azim parted ways with Srei and the Sahaj project and started Glocal Healthcare Systems independently. His idea was to form a rural corporate hospital chain. \"We did a survey and found that a poor rural person shells out Rs 1,100 per year for medical treatment but hardly has access to proper healthcare,\" Sabahat says.The first unit came up in Sonamukhi, Bankura, with 100 beds. Today, Glocal has units in Dubrajpur, Khargram, Bolepur and Behrampur. Sabahat's main objective has been to protocolize 42 diseases and run the hospitals with proper management and IT back-up. The 42 diseases cover 95% of the common ailments people suffer from.Glocal hospitals are paperless and all records are digitally maintained. The data is banked with the central data centre in Kolkata but it is not available publicly on the internet. However, if a Glocal patient goes to any other private hospital, the Glocal database readily shares the patient's medical history.Each hospital in Glocal has 100 beds, 20 operation theatres, ICU, delivery suite, neo-natal care unit, pharmacy, pathology and radiology. And each Glocal hospital serves 5 lakh people living in a radius of 15 km from the hospital.Dr Kunal Sarkar, renowned cardiac surgeon and vice-president of Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences, says what Glocal is doing is an enormous challenge and difficult to execute. \"We have some exposure in conducting primary healthcare projects in villages. It is very crucial to offer such services in villages. It is time we transform rural healthcare from an area of compassion and subsidy to proper healthcare. Glocal's effort deserves to be supported by everybody,\" he says.Early last year, VC firms Sequoia Capital and Elevar Equity made a co-investment of $3 million in Glocal. \"We also raised a debt of $3 million from United Bank of India ,\" he said.G V Ravishankar, MD of Sequoia Capital, says Glocal is built on a solid business model that combines efficient operations with world class technology to provide superior clinical outcomes.Glocal plans to have 50 hospitals in six states - UP, Bihar, Assam, Orissa, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand - in the next 18 months. Locations have been identified in UP and Bihar. By December, most of the other sites are expected to be identified. Each hospital will be built at a cost of Rs 5 crore and each will have 100 staff, including 12 doctors, nurses , technicians and other administrative staff.The company's latest initiative is to take technology further with a tie-up with the New York-based Mount Sinai Hospital for collaboration in endoscopy. \"A specialist sitting in New York can watch the endoscopy live and advise Glocal on the treatment procedure,\" says Sabahat.FOUNDER, GLOCAL HEALTHCARE SYSTEMS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17027480", "title": "Mounting property tax dues cripple Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) may have drawn up grandiose plans to develop the city but it has to first tackle the major hurdle of mounting debts caused mainly due to government departments defaulting on payment of property tax. Some 30 government wings owe property tax dues of Rs 4.18 crore to the civic body with the APTransco leading the defaulters' list. It owes Rs 80.03 lakh to the GVMC. Apart from this, the house owners' property tax dues alone stand at a whopping amount of Rs 75 crore.The corporation is in the red with its debts swelling to Rs 270 crore. The pending dues to the GVMC stand at Rs 170 crore, including vacant land tax dues of Rs 77 crore. That the mess in the corporation is deep-rooted can be gauged from the fact that it has not paid wages to its sanitation workers for over six months.Slamming the GVMC for its poor handling of the finances, CPI floor leader in the previous GVMC council AJ Stalin told TOI that this was a classic case of robbing Peter to pay Paul. \"They do not take any action against big tax defaulters and erring government departments but harass ordinary citizens if they fail to pay the dues, which is very little when compared to the amounts the big guns owe,\" he said. He alleged that several commercial establishments, shopping complexes, private hospitals and star hotels were among the defaulters' list.Senior GVMC officials blame former district collector Luv Agarwal, who was officiating as special officer of the civic body after the term of the council ended in February last, for the present mess. \"The special officer never held any meetings on the mounting property tax dues. He did not initiate any concrete measures to address the problem,\" a senior official told TOI. Another official was more acerbic. Training guns on former commissioner B Ramanjaneyulu, he said: \"Ramanjaneyulu paid much attention to cycling on the beach road instead of devising ways to mop up the resources and collecting the tax dues.\"Among the culprits who defaulted on the tax payments are the endowments department (Rs 49.10 lakh) and police department (Rs 9.69 lakh). Government Mental Hospital superintendent Vijay Gopal expressed his helplessness to clear the dues. \"We are ready to clear the pending dues once we receive funds from the government,\" he told TOI. The hospital has dues of Rs 43.07 lakh to the GVMC.Asked as to how they plan to collect the dues, GVMC commissioner M V Satyanarayana said they had served notices on the defaulters. \"We are setting up a task force to oversee the collection of dues. We are hoping to garner all the dues by the end of this financial year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17027432", "title": "Man blocks 108 for its 'noisy' siren, held", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 40-year-old man was held for blocking an ambulance carrying a patient to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) on Monday night.The accused has been identified as R Vigneshan, a private financier from Kovilmedu. According to police, the ambulance was rushing to CMCH from Mettupalayam with a patient in an emergency situation on Monday night. Around 7.45 pm, when the ambulance reached Nallampalyam Pirivu, Vigneshan blocked the ambulance.Police said, the accused was angry with the ambulance driver, who overtook his motorcycle. Vigneshan parked the motorcycle in front of the ambulance and started abusing the ambulance staff for using the siren. The staff explained to him that it was an emergency and therefore they used the siren. However, Vigneshan alleged they had used the siren without a patient in the vehicle.G Vinod Babu, 29, a technician hailing from Kavundampalayam got out of the ambulance and tried to pacify Vigneshan. He requested him to make way for the ambulance. But Vigneshan assaulted and threatened Babu. The ambulance staff then informed the Thudiyalur police.A team of police rushed to the spot and detained Vigneshan and let the ambulance go. Police arrested Vigneshan, who has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-31"}
