{"city": "None", "code": "16950500", "title": "No Kareena Kapoor Khan in Talaash", "text": "Reema Kagti, the director of 'Talaash' clarifies that Kareena Kapoor will be having her name written as Kareena Kapoor only and not Kareena Kapoor Khan in the credits of the film.After Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor tied the knot on October 16, 2012, there were several speculations wherein people were wondering whether Kareena Kapoor will keep her last name or not. But at the recent music launch of Talaash , Reema Kagti clarified that Kareena Kapoor would maintain the same name. Kareena Kapoor's name in the credits of Talaash will be written as only Kareena Kapoor.Even before Kareena tied the knot with Saif Ali Khan, there were speculations created amongst people. So here Reema Kagti killed all the speculations and rumours about Kareena Kapoor as to whether she will be keeping her old name or will opt for a new one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945420", "title": "Shock exits for Vishnu Vardhan and Balaji", "text": "MUMBAI: A stiff knee brought down curtains upon top seed Vishnu Vardhan's campaign in the second round of the CCI-ITF Futures tennis tournament on Wednesday.Vardhan conceded the match to Croatian Mate Pavic after losing the first set 5-7. Third seed N. Sriram Balaji was the other big casualty of the day.Balaji started out well, winning the first set 6-4, before fatigue did him in against Britain's James Marsalek. Pouncing the opportunity, Marsalek clinched the next two sets to enter the quarterfinals of the $15,000 event.Indian Davis Cupper Vardhan, who partnered Leander Paes in the doubles competition at the 2012 London Olympics, was forced to retire after the pain in his knee got aggravated.\"It's been a very long season. I am tired and the strain has got to me. The knees were also a bit stiff,\" explained the top ATP ranked player at 272.Balaji, ranked 321, got the first break in the eighth game for a 5-3 lead. He failed to hold serve in the next, but did well to break the Brit once again in the 10th game to wrap-up the first set.However, Balaji was unable to maintain his stranglehold thereafter to let the World No. 570 close out the match rather comfortably.Results (Men's singles): James Marsalek (GBR) bt 3-N Sriram Balaji (IND) 4-6, 6-2, 6-4; Mate Pavic (CRO) bt 1-Vishnu Vardhan (IND) 7-5 (conceded); 2-Christopher Rungkat (INA) bt Arjun Kadhe (IND) 6-4, 6-3; Nicholas Reissig (AUT) bt 5-Saket Myneni (IND) 2-6, 6-4, 7-5; 4-Liang-Chi Huang (TPE) bt Jui-Chen Hung (TPE) 6-2, 6-3; 6-Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan (IND) bt Mohit Mayur Jayaprakash (IND) 4-6, 6-3, 6-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945911", "title": "Forest clearances out of National Green Tribunal ambit: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) was meant to be a one-stop shop to challenge government decisions about green clearances, but a loophole in the law that set up the quasi-judicial panel could now leave forest clearances out of its purview. Among the four approvals that the green ministry gives, forest clearance is the most contentious and hard-to-get.Taking advantage of the loophole created while drafting the law, the ministry has informed the tribunal that forest clearances cannot be scrutinized by the bench. It has also claimed that Parliament never intended its decisions on forest clearance to be reviewed by the tribunal.The 'smart' reading of the loophole in the Act could put forest clearances worth more than 75,000 hectares given since June, 2010, \u2014 when the tribunal was set up \u2014 out of the panel's scrutiny.The NGT Act says that anyone aggrieved by an order passed by the state government or other authority under Section 2 of the Forest Conservation Act, 1980, can approach the panel for the decision's review.Section 2 of the Forest Conservation Act, 1980, pertains to use or diversion of forestland for projects. But, the key decision to hand over forestland for industrial or other project purposes lies with the Centre and not the state government.If a project developer requires forestland it has to approach the state government. The state government, then, comes up with a proposal, which is sent to the Centre for its approval. The proposal is vetted by the Forest Advisory Committee (FAC) and then the central government gives what is legally called the 'in-principle' nod. Based on this clearance, the state government finally hands over the forestland to a project.But the NGT law has provision only for review of the state government's final handing over of the land to the project proponent, and does not specifically mention that Centre's decisions too would come under purview of the panel that has several technical experts and judicial members on board.The ministry has stated, \"The approval from the Central government envisaged under Section 2 (of the Forest Conservation Act) is a precursor to passing an order or decision by the state government.\" It has come around the view that NGT's powers are limited to challenging \"orders passed by state government and other authorities\" under the forest law.It has said, \"Challenge to the same (stage I forest clearance by the centre) is outside the ambit and scope of NGT\".If the ministry's stance is accepted by the Tribunal, it could ensure that forest clearances can only be challenged through tedious and time-consuming PILs in high courts or the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16948547", "title": "Missing Indian baby in US: No breakthrough yet; $30,000 award for information announced", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Philly police continued with its search to find the kidnapped 10-month-old Indian girl, as it joined hands with the Telugu community to announce an award of $30,000 to information leading to the safe return of the infant.Saani Venna was abducted by unknown kidnappers in a Philadelphia township on Monday morning, during which her grandmother Satyavathi Venna, 61, was killed by the assailants.A large number of people including those from the Indian American community attended a candle-light vigil in memory of the Satyavathi. The vigil was organised by the Telugu Association of North America (TANA).Meanwhile, the police and the FBI continued with their intensive search operation to find Saani Venna.\"This is not a typical homicide investigation,\" district attorney Risa Vetri Ferman told the Philly Inquirer. \"We also have the search and rescue operation,\" she added.She said investigators were being guarded with information because, \"We do not want to do anything that would jeopardize the child's safety.\"Pennsylvania State Police has issued an Amber Child Abduction Alert for Saanvi Venna who is believed to have been taken from her family's apartment after the murder of her grandmother, Satayvathi Venna.According to Ferman, the body of Satyavathi Venna, the paternal grandmother of Saanvi, was discovered inside the apartment. She was babysitting the child. The grandmother was visiting from India, arriving in July 2012 and was scheduled to return home January 2013.The parents of the child, Venkata Konda Siva Venna (father) and Chenchu Latha Punuru (mother) had emigrated from India in February 2007 and have previously lived in San Antonio Texas, Troy Michigan, and Cleveland Ohio. In June this year, they moved to King of Prussia in Pennsylvania.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "16946976", "title": "Militant takes wrong route to amnesty, sent back to PoK", "text": "JAMMU: A former militant who had sought to surrender to return to J&K; from across the Line of Control in Poonch district has been sent back as he chose a route not covered under the state government's amnesty policy for insurgents who have abjured violence.Sources said the Army sent back Mohammad Javed on Tuesday from Digwar. His Pakistani wife and three children were accompanying him. Reports said the family was sent back after the Army quizzed Javed and his wife, Tabassum, who is from Sialkot in Pakistan.Poonch SSP Shamsheer Hussain said Javed was a top LeT militant when he crossed over to PoK in 2001 for arms training. \"Javed became disenchanted with militancy and settled at Mang Bajri Muhajir camp in PoK, where a number of former militants are putting up with their families.\"Many former militants have returned since the state government announced the amnesty. Chakan-Da-Bagh, Uri in J&K;, Wagah in Punjab and New Delhi's IGI airport have been designated as the entry points under the policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953259", "title": "Kim Kardashian tweets bare toned tummy pic", "text": "Kim Kardashian , who vowed to slim down earlier this month, decided to show off the fruits of her labour by tweeting a picture of her toned tummy on Wednesday.The 32-year-old reality star clicked her photo in the mirror while wearing just a black sports bra and grey jogging bottoms.Kardashian's stomach looked taut as she posed for the side-on shot with a trademark pout on her face, the Daily Mail reported.The socialite posted the seductive snap on her microblogging page and wrote, \"I just wanna chill in my sweats all day!\"She has reportedly gained around 20lbs since she began dating rapper Kanye West , which led to her decision to lose some weight.\"I'm hoping to slim down a little bit, and I'm not afraid to say it,\" she told Life and Style magazine earlier.\"I think everyone goes up and down in whatever that comfortable love relationship phase is where you like to eat out, but now it's time to get it together again,\" she said then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16952710", "title": "Jayawardene, Malinga rested for one-off T20 against New Zealand", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lankan cricket selectors on Thursday opted to rest Mahela Jayawardene and Lasith Malinga for one-off Twenty20 International, scheduled to be held in Pallekele on October 30, against the touring New Zealand.Both Jayawardene and Malinga are currently playing in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 in South Africa.Off-spinner Ajantha Mendis , meanwhile, has been overlooked as he is nursing a side strain that he had suffered during the World Twenty20.Angelo Mathews has been named the skipper of Twenty20 team following Jayawardene's stepping down as captain after Sri Lanka lost the final of the World T20 championship against West Indies earlier this month.Fast bowler Nuwan Kulasekara will be Mathews' deputy in the game against the Kiwis.A selector said that both Jayawardene and vice-captain Malinga have been given the jobs for a period of one year.However, Jayawardene would return as the captain for the first three of the five One-day Internationals against New Zealand, starting November 1.The 19-year-old off spinner Tharindu Kaushal, a lad from the rural south in the district of Galle, has been included in the ODI squad. He was a member of Sri Lanka Under-19 team that took part in the Youth World Cup in Australia last August.Sri Lanka T20 squad: Angelo Mathews (capt) Nuwan Kulasekara (vice-capt) Dilshan Munaweera , Tillakaratne Dilshan , Kumar Sangakkara , Dinesh Chandimal , Jeevan Mendis , Lahiru Thirimanne , Thisara Perera , Shaminda Eranga , Akila Dhananjaya, Sachithra Senanayake and Upul Tharanga.Sri Lanka squad for the first three ODIs: Mahela Jayawardene (capt), Angelo Mathews (vice-capt), Tillakaratne Dilshan, Kumar Sangakkara, Dinesh Chandimal, Lahiru Thirmanne, Thisara Perera, Jeevan Mendis, Nuwan Kulasekera, Lasith Malinga, Shaminda Eranga, Upul Tharanga , Rangana Herath , Akila Dhananjaya and Tharindu Kaushal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16945398", "title": "Two people held with 500 gram heroin in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Two people have been arrested with about 0.5kg on heroin while smuggling the consignment to Delhi, police said. The drug is estimated to be worth Rs 50 lakh in the international market.SP (city) SS Yadav said, \"Acting on a tip-off that two people carrying 490g of heroin would go towards Delhi from Ghaziabad, teams were deployed at the borders connecting Meerut to the capital. The Sahibabad police intercepted the accused at Mohan Nagar intersection.\"The accused, Bablu alias Sher Mohammad and Aabid, revealed that they used to smuggle heroin from Meerut into Delhi, and the consignment seized was being taken to Paharganj area.Police said the gang operated mainly from Meerut. While Bablu is from Meerut, Aabid stays in Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16948451", "title": "Brahma Chellaney wins Asia Society Bernard Schwartz Award for his book", "text": "WASHINGTON: India's leading strategic thinker and analyst, Brahma Chellaney has won the 2012 Asia Society Bernard Schwartz Book Award for his recently published \" Water: Asia's New Battleground\" book.Chellaney will be honored and presented with a $20,000 prize at a special event to be held at Asia Society's headquarters in New York City on January 23.Established in 2009, the Asia Society Bernard Schwartz Book Award is the only award that recognizes non-fiction books for their outstanding contributions to the understanding of contemporary Asia or US-Asia relations, as well as potential policy impacts relating to the region.Published by the Georgetown University Press \"Water: Asia's New Battleground\" was selected from nearly 90 nominations submitted by US and Asia-based publishers for books published in 2011.A jury co-chaired by Tommy T B Koh, Singapore's ambassador-at-Large, and Carol Gluck, George Sansom professor of History at Columbia University and composed of leading experts and figures from policy, academia, and journalism from India, Indonesia, Japan, Singapore, Thailand and the United States selected the winner and honorable mentions.\"This timely, comprehensive and forward-looking book makes the compelling case that water will likely emerge as one of Asia's biggest security challenges in the 21st century. The equitable and sustainable management of Asia's great river systems should be a priority on the global agenda,\" Koh said.\"Conflicts over water are an increasingly pressing problem in many places. In his important book, Brahma Chellaney alerts us to the challenges facing Asia in assuring adequate water supplies across the region,\" Gluck said.\"Water: Asia's New Battleground\" underscores the importance of water as a means of security at multiple levels in Asia,\" said Suzanne DiMaggio, vice-president of Asia Society's Global Policy Programs.\"Policymakers need to look at this vital resource in a way that takes into account the complex national security and development issues countries and communities will face as water scarcity in the region intensifies,\" she added.Two honorable mentions were also chosen: Deng Xiaoping and the Transformation of China, by Ezra Vogel (Belknap Press of Harvard University Press) and Cambodia's Curse: The Modern History of a Troubled Land by Joel Brinkley (Public Affairs). Each will receive a $2,000 prize.Previous years' winners of the book award include Richard McGregor for The Party: The Secret World of China's Communist Rulers (2011), James C Scott for The Art of Not Being Governed: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia (2010), and Duncan McCargo for Tearing Apart the Land: Islam and Legitimacy in Southern Thailand (2009).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16945969", "title": "Kittur declared 177th taluk in the state", "text": "BELGAUM: Historical town Kittur on Tuesday joined the big league to become Belgaum district's 11th taluk and Karnataka's 177th. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar made the announcement after inaugurating the two-day Kittur Utsav at the famed fort. The next legislature session is expected to approve taahe taluk staus for the town.The chief minister admitted that \"technical hurdles\" stood in the way, but he wasn't worried.He said: \"Kittur's contribution to India's freedom is immense. Hence, the place has been given the status.\" Kittur is part of Bailahongal taluk. It's in this town that Rani Chennamma put up a stiff resistance to the Britishers in 1824. Shettar said Rs 25 crore would be sanctioned to develop Kittur and its heritage buildings. This is in addition to the Rs 10-crore purse announced earlier to spruce up its infrastructure. \"There is false belief that this is a jinxed place,\" added Shettar.Kittur MLA Suresh Mariyal told TOI that the taluk status is the culmination of a 50-year-long struggle.The 2011 census put the town's population at about 23,000. Every year, the government marks the victory celebration of Rani Chennamma's uprising against the Raj as Kittur Utsav. Vijay Jyoti, which was taken to different parts of the state in the past 10 days, arrived in Kittur around 11am. TThe two-day utsav began with a puja at the samadhi of the queen in Bailahongal town. A huge procession with tableaux and dance performances was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947437", "title": "Two held for attacking 60-year-old HC lawyer", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Tuesday arrested a Madras high court lawyer and a law student for assaulting a senior lawyer and damaging his car by throwing stones on the vehicle.Police said 60-year-old S Sundararajan was accosted by at least six people near the city civil court while he was returning home with a client after Ayudha Puja rituals in his office in the new annexe building in the high court complex. Eyewitnesses alerted police about the incident and policemen from the station in the court premises rushed to the spot and arrested two of the six assailants. Four others escaped before the policemen arrived.\"We arrested S Sivaji Rao, 32, a student of Shri Venkateshwara Law University in Andhra Pradesh, and K Devendran , 34, a practicing lawyer in high court,\" a police officer said. \"Both men live in Pulianthope.\"Police charged them under Section 147 (punishment for rioting), 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint), 323 (assault) and 506 (II) (criminal intimidation) of the IPC and under Sections 3 and 4 of the Tamil Nadu Private Property Damages (Prevention) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16946925", "title": "Bidushi, husband were broke, fought frequently, say police", "text": "MUMBAI: A police officer said murdered model Bidushi's husband Kedar Barde was being questioned because he did not bother to find out why she was not taking his calls. \"It should have worried Kedar because he knew she had acute diabetes and was on anti-depressants. The least he could have done was to alert the doctor treating her, who stays on the first floor of the same building.\"The police are not buying Barde's explanation that he believed Bidushi must have stepped out of the house for an audition.The couple moved into their ground-floor flat in Manish Garden in Andheri West around a year ago. \"They had frequent fights and were bankrupt. They had borrowed money from someone and the lender had an argument with them a day before she died,\" an officer said. Barde told the police that he himself had attempted suicide some time ago by consuming tablets, the official added.The police said that Barde had lost his job in Chennai, which prompted the couple to shift to Mumbai. \"During that period, he was frustrated and it took a toll on his health,\" a police officer said.A forensic team recreated the crime scene in Barde's presence and reportedly said it was a case of homicide. They also ruled out the possibility of an outsider entering the flat and murdering her though an employee of a local chemist had visited her to deliver medicines. She had also called someone to fix a mirror in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945516", "title": "Crowne Plaza told to demolish illegal constructions", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority (KCZMA) has directed Maradu municipality to demolish illegal constructions of the soon-to-be inaugurated Hotel Crowne Plaza for violating coastal regulation zone (CRZ) rules. KCZMA officials recently recommended the demolition, saying that the illegal construction by KGA Hotels and Resorts Private Ltd was situated on the no development zone of CRZ-II area.Though a case is pending before the Kerala high court, authorities said that there would not be any legal objection on this directive that will be sent to the panchayat secretary with an intimation to the district collector.Maradu municipality chairman T K Devarajan, who is awaiting the KCZMA directive, said that they have not received any orders till date. \"There is no issue regarding the building, may be a compound wall or something that was constructed after the inspection by the taluk surveyor last year,\" he said. The surveyor had inspected the property a year ago as per the local body's instructions and certified that there are no CRZ violations.KCZMA officials said that actions pertaining to CRZ violations should be taken before the construction work is completed or in advanced stage. \"We cannot regularize any construction that violates CRZ rules. We recommend the authorities to issue stop memo or demolish a construction that violates the Environmental Protection Act,\" said chairman of the KCZMA V N Rajasekharan Pillai.However, KGA Hotels &amp; Resorts Chairman K G Abraham refuted the findings of KCZMA. \"We had received all the necessary approvals to build the hotel. In 2007, we had applied for permission from the ministry of environment and got the approval on September 2, 2008,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945385", "title": "Gurbani leads in western ladies golf", "text": "MUMBAI: Delhi girl Gurbani Singh continued her fine form to clinch a one stroke lead in the first round of the Usha Western India Ladies golf championship at the BPGC on Wednesday.Gurbani carded an even-par 70 to get ahead of Amandeep Drall, winner of the Usha Eastern India Ladies title.Gurbani is four shots clear of Order of Merit leader Aditi Ashok and Gusimar Badwal, while Ridhima DIlawari is fifth at 75. Gurbani also led the Category A ahead of Tvesa Malik (76), and Categories A-B combined ahead of Aditi (74). Aditi led Category B.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16946570", "title": "A splash of state's culture at palace city", "text": "MYSORE: It was Karnataka all the way at the Mysore Dasara this year. The state's rich heritage and vibrant culture were showcased at the much-awaited event on Wednesday.It was a riot of colours as a grand procession of 37 tableaux along with cultural troupes from across the state displayed the cultural diversity of Karnataka.The tableau from Dharwad portrayed 'Nagapanchami' festival which is celebrated in grandeur in north Karnataka. The colorful and aesthetically done tableau had a replica of women playing on the swing tied to a branch of a tree with people pouring milk on the idol of 'Nagarahaavu.'Tableaux from Chikamagalur, Dakshina Kannada, Hassan, Shimoga and Uttara Kannada districts showed the wedding festivities native to each regions while tableaux from Bagalkot, Belgaum, Bijapur, Dharwad, Gadag and Haveri districts displayed the local festival traditions.'BIDARI' WORK STEALS THE SHOWBidar's tableau stole the show with its 'Bidari' work. Surekha Munnoli, one of the artists who painstakingly worked on it, said, \"Bidari works are created from black soil found largely in the area. Many people are engaged in this centuries-old art, which originated in Persia. The bidari works are exported as well. We prepared the tableau in two weeks.\"Ramanagara also captured 'Bidari' in its tableau along with its famous Chennapatna dolls.Gulbarga sent a message of communal harmony with replicas of Sharanabasaveshwara temple, Hazarath Khwaja Bande Nawab Dargah and Buddha Vihara. Chamarajanagar's tableau depicted folk and ayurvedic medicine systems. It carried a likeness of 'Jille Siddamma', a folk doctor of Biligiri Ranga Betta and Rajyotsava awardee.Tableaux from information department and Madyapana Samyama Mandali also came with messages. While 'Sakala' was the theme of the information department, the Mandali depicted the ill-effects of alcoholism. As many as 37 tableaux were part of the procession, including six from various government departments.ALL DASARAS DEPICTEDTableaux from Bellary, Mysore, Mandya and Kodagu depicted the Dasara tradition of the respective regions. Mysore tableau had replica of Jumbo Savari, Kusti, 'Khasagi' Darbar and folk dances.Bellary had replica of Dasara tradition followed during Vijayanagara dynasty, Mandya illustrated Srirangapatna's Dasara tradition and Kodagu portrayed Dasara culture followed by Kodavas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949293", "title": "Icon of Punjabi cinema, Jaspal Bhatti no more", "text": "Actor, comedian, cartoonist, satirist, director and one of the most famous personality of Punjabi cinema, Jaspal Bhatti is no more.The 57 year old died in a road accident when his car collided with a roadside tree. He was accompanied by his son Jasraj and actress Surilie Gautam ( Power Cut). The mishap took place near Jalandhar. Although he was immediately taken to the hospital but was declared dead. His son Jasraj and actress Surilie are in critical condition.Jaspal was known for his humourous way of portraying realities of life through his movies. He will be remembered for his satirical take in 'Flop Show' and 'Ulta Pulta'. He also starred in Punjabi movie 'Jijaji'. And his next Punjabi movie 'Power Cut', again a satirical take on the power supply of the country is scheduled to release on 26th October.After Dara Singh , his death has left a bigger void in Punjabi film industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16952801", "title": "Massa desperate to erase the memories of 2011 Indian GP", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Felipe Massa did not have the best of current Formula One season but the Ferrari driver is determined to end the year on a high and feels some good results in the remaining four races would augur well for the Italian outfit in 2013.After a poor start to the season, which saw him struggle to make the final part of qualifying and subsequently challenge for points during races, secured his first podium (second place) in 35 races at the Japanese Grand Prix earlier this month. He followed it up with a fourth place finish in the subsequent race in Korea.And riding on his resurgence in form, Massa is hoping for a double podium finish for Ferrari in this weekend's Indian Grand Prix at the Buddh International Circuit here.\"I am looking for some good results because the second part of the season is very important,\" he told reporters during a promotional event.\"I have very good co-driver in Fernando Alonso , who is in the race for the championship title. We are a strong team and we work well together. But there is also healthy competition between us. I hope we both can win points for the team here.\"It's my seventh year with Ferrari. I know I am not young now but I am really looking forward to carry on for Ferrari. I will try to do better in 2013,\" said Massa.On personal front, the upcoming Indian GP is of great significance for the Brazilian driver as he had to retire midway through the race last year with a broken left suspension after kissing too much of the kerb on Turn 8 of the BIC, and it later prompted the organisers to christen the kerb as the 'Massa kerb'.\"I didn't have the great race here last year, but this year I am determined to do better,\" he said.\"I hope the Massa kerb serves well for me in future.\" Massa's optimism about a good result in this year's Indian GP came from the fact that he did well in the last race in Korea, and according to him both the circuits are similar.\"I like the lay-out of this circuit. It's a nice track to drive. It has interesting, high speed corners.\"I don't think Buddh circuit is different than Korea. I did well in Korea and now want to do better here,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946761", "title": "Power company told to pay Rs 6L compensation to farmers", "text": "PUNE: The Nagpur-based electricity ombudsman has directed the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd to pay a compensation of nearly Rs 6 lakh to four farmers in Nagpur district for failing to replace a faulty transformer within the stipulated time-frame.The transformer had not been working for three months and the farmers, who needed power to operate their water pumps, were deprived of supply during the period. As per the standards of performance laid down by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission, the company has to make a transformer operational within 48 hours of its failing.City-based Sajag Nagrik Manch provided technical guidance to the farmers in their fight against the company. Among the four farmers, Sudhakar Chaudhary, Manish Raut and Ramesh Pandav have one water pump connection each, while the main complainant, Shriram Raut, has two water pump connections. As per the decision of the ombudsman, the company has to pay Rs 1,16,400 per pump connection.Harish Dhapodkar, an activist from Nagpur, said, \"Merc has ordered the state electricity company to replace faulty transformers within 48 hours in rural areas. If the company fails to do so, it has to compensate farmers on its own, without waiting for them to lodge complaints.Though the standards of performance guidelines came into effect in 2005, few people are aware about the provision.\" The ombudsman's order came on October 19, and the compensation amount has to be deposited in the accounts of the farmers within the next 30 days, he added.The new transformer is supplying power to 13 water pumps in the area. As per Merc's guidelines, all farmers who were affected due to the breakdown, are eligible for compensation. A written application to MSEDCL is enough for them to get the compensation. The Merc guidelines state thatit was not necessary for every farmer to lodge a complaint. A single complaint covers all farmers, Dhapodkar said.\"This is the second such case where farmers had to be compensated by the company. About five months ago, a farmer from Moshi in Pimpri Chinchwad had filed a similar complaint against the local office of the distribution company and received Rs 26,000 as compensation,\" said Vivek Velankar of Sajag Nagarik Manch. Velankar had also assisted the farmer in Moshi to get the compensation.Farmer Shriram Raut, from Narkhed taluka in Nagpur district, filed the case against the distribution company on November 25, 2011. The transformer had stopped working on June 28, 2011, and it was replaced only on October 5, 2011. Raut approached the ombudsman, where his case was submittedand after hearing the distribution company's defence, the ombudsman gave the landmark decision, Velankar said.Earlier, Raut and Dhapodkar had approached the internal grievances redressal forum of the distribution company and later, the consumer grievances redressal forum, but their plea was discarded. Both the forums rejected Raut's compensation plea on the ground of not filing written complaints with the distribution company. Another reason given was that the compensation was being sought after the transformer had been replaced.The distribution company had earlier claimed that the transformer had failed during the monsoon when farmers don't need electricity for pumping water. This defence was rejected by the ombudsman on the ground that supplying power was a primary duty of the company.\"The ombudsman accepted the farmers' argument that the company had not followed the standards of performance guidelines laid down by Merc for replacing faulty transformers. It took almost 97 days to replace it. As per the guidelines, compensation is calculated at the rate of Rs 50 per hour basis. The distribution company also claimed that since there was load-shedding in rural areas for 16 hours, the load-shedding hours should not be considered while calculating the compensation amount,\" Velankar said. The ombudsman rejected this argument as well. The ombudsman pointed out saying that as per the guidelines, load-shedding hours are counted while calculating compensation amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950750", "title": "Hypnosis eases hot flashes in women", "text": "Hypnosis can help cut hot flashes by as much as 74 per cent, according to a new study.This is the first controlled, randomized study of the technique to manage hot flashes, which affect as much as 80 per cent of women who go through menopause.The researchers at the Mind-Body Medicine Research Laboratory at Baylor University , Waco, TX; the school of Nursing at Indiana University in Indianapolis , IN; and the College of Education at the University of Texas , Austin, randomly assigned the postmenopausal women volunteers to hypnotherapy or \"structured attention,\" which is used as a control intervention with minimal effect.The women who underwent hypnosis had five weekly sessions in which they received suggestions for mental images of coolness, a safe place, or relaxation, whatever their preference. They also got an audio recording of a hypnotic induction and were asked to practice it daily.The control group had five sessions in which a clinician provided discussion of their symptoms, attentive listening, interpersonal exchange, monitoring, measurement, and encouragement and avoided negative suggestions. The controls also got a recording that they were asked to listen to daily, but this one had information about hot flashes.All the women kept diaries that tracked hot flash frequency and severity, and they also had hot flash frequency measured objectively by a skin conductance monitor.After 12 weeks, the women who underwent hypnosis reported 75 per cent fewer hot flashes, compared with 13 per cent fewer among the controls, and an 80 per cent reduction in hot flash scores (a combination of frequency and severity), compared with 15 per cent in controls.Skin conductance showed a 57 per cent reduction in hot flashes for the women who underwent hypnosis, compared with 10 percent in the controls. The hypnosis participants also reported significantly less interference with their lives from hot flashes and better sleep than controls. Moreover, their level of satisfaction with the treatment was high.How hypnosis eases hot flashes isn't clear, but the researchers speculated that it might be because hypnosis may improve the function of the parasympathetic nervous system.This system is popularly called the \"rest and digest\" system, which puts the brakes on the sympathetic or \"fight or flight\" nervous system that controls body functions that ramp up during hot flashes, such as sweating and heart rate.The study was published online this month in Menopause , the journal of the North American Menopause Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16944896", "title": "Airbags save management students on speed trip", "text": "MUMBAI: A management student was arrested early on Wednesday in Vasai for rash driving after he, allegedly in a drunken state, broke through a police barricade in a sedan and rammed it into a road divider. Such was the speed of the car that it turned turtle on impact. A bigger tragedy was averted because the vehicle's airbags got activated.Aniruddha Shashidharan, the 21-year-old son of a Virar-based industrialist, was driving a borrowed grey Mercedes. In the vehicle with him were Monish Rathod (21) and Gaurav Shroff (22), both sons of local builders. The three are second-year management students at Viva College in Virar (West).On Tuesday, police said, the three youngsters stopped at a restaurant in Bhuigaon in Vasai for drinks and then headed towards Mira Road to pick up the owner of the sedan. Cops identified the owner as Vaze. The group's plan, officers said, was to travel to Mumbai to party.At Babula naka in Vasai, the speeding sedan nearly brushed against a police vehicle on patrol. Immediately, Thane Rural additional superintendent of police Sangramsinh Nishandar, who was in the police vehicle, alerted the control room and beat officers, who chased the vehicle. Still, the youngsters did not let up.Shashidharan drove the sedan to Ambadi Road in Vasai where a barricade had been put to catch the speeding vehicle. According to Nishandar, Shashidharan broke through the barricade and drove past the policemen. He then took a steep right towards Range Naka, in the process losing control. The sedan hit the road divider before turning turtle on Sativali Road in Vasai at around 3am. The youths' lives were saved because the car's airbags got activated on impact.Police said the Mercedes' speed at the time of the accident was 120 kmph. They arrested the three youngsters and impounded the vehicle.Blood tests of the students showed they were drunk. Shashidharan was arrested under sections 279 (rash driving), 427 (mischief) of the IPC and allied charges under the Motor Vehicle Act. Rathod and Shroff too were charged. They were released on bail by Vasai holiday court.Police have written to the Thane Regional Transport Authority to cancel the licences of the three. The owner of the vehicle will be summoned for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16945828", "title": "\u2018Price hike applicable only to good quality milk\u2019", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Milma has denied the allegation that the agency is cheating dairy farmers by not giving the declared hike in the price of milk.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, Milma Malabar regional chairman P P Gopinatha Pillai said that majority of the milk co-operative societies do get more than Rs 4.80 after the hike came into being on October 14.\"Milma doesn't directly give money to the farmers, but collect milk from the co-operative societies. Of the increased five rupees, Rs 4.60 will go to the farmers, 20 paise to the societies and 20 paise to the agents,\" he said.There are 957 societies that give milk to Mima in the morning and 852 in the afternoon. Majority of these societies get the increased price and some get even Rs 6.77.The chairman said some of the societies didn't get the benefit of price rise because the milk they supplied was below the accepted standard. The minimum quality fixed for milk in Kerala is 3.50% fat and 8.50% solids non-fat.\"Good quality milk will get more price,\" he said. The milk supplied by the Kerala Veterinary University's Pookot farm is of good quality and it fetches Rs 5.65 to Rs 6.8.Earlier, Milma used to give a flat increase in the price of milk, not considering its quality. This tempted the farmers to increase the quantity of milk, keeping aside quality. The new price chart is prepared in such a way that it helps promote those who supply good milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945131", "title": "JJ firing case: One arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The JJ Marg police arrested a shoe-maker, Zaki Nazir Khan, for his alleged role in last week's robbery and firing case. Khan has not confessed to his role but cops have found out that he has a criminal record.Last week, three persons snatched a bag containing Rs 40,000 cash from a Sindhudurg-based cushion trader Pundalik Sawant. Sanjay Mayekar, a navratri mandal volunteer who tried to stop the men from fleeing, was injured after one of them fired a bullet at him. The accused fled with Rs 36,000. \"Khan was earlier arrested for a robbery where weapons were used as well,\" said Shashikant Surve, senior inspector of JJ Marg police.Cops said sketches of the robbers have been prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946755", "title": "Five booked for cheating trader of Rs 2cr", "text": "PUNE: Five people from Chinchwad have been booked for duping a Bhosari trader of Rs 2 crore, which they pocketed by fraudulently selling a plot in Wakad. The incident took place between March and October this year.The complaint has been lodged by Pravin Ishwar Agarwal (39) of Bhosari with the Shivajinagar police station.Senior inspector of Shivajinagar police station Pandharinath Patil said the complainant wanted to purchase a plot for his office. In March, one of the suspects approached him, posing as the manager of a nationalised bank. He told Agarwal he could help him purchase a plot in Wakad which was seized by the bank for non-payment of loan by its original owner. \"Agarwal and the five suspects met at a hotel in Shivajinagar where Agarwal gave them a cheque of Rs 50 lakh,\" Patil said.After Agarwal paid them Rs 1.5 crore more, the suspects gave him a letter of allotment for the said plot. Meanwhile, Agarwal came across a newspaper notice issued by a nationalized bank about the same plot. Agarwal approached the bank and showed them the documents, which were found to be fake, Patil said.Investigations have revealed that the suspects also promised help to Agarwal in purchasing a company in Pimpri MIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953813", "title": "Jessica Simpson's parents file for divorce", "text": "Joe and Tina Simpson-the parents of singers-actresses Jessica and Ashlee Simpson-are splitting up after 35 years of marriage.Tina filed the divorce papers in Texas last month.The news comes on the same day the National Enquirer posted a story claiming Joe Simpson is gay, and recently came out to his family.The legal reason for the separation, according to the papers: \"The marriage has become insupportable because of discord or conflict of personalities.\"According to The National Enquirer, Jessica's father Joe gathered his family to break the news that he is a gay and that he has a boyfriend.In response to that story, the Simpsons' family representative told People magazine, \"It is an amicable split and there is no third party involved.\"Any other related allegations are completely false. The family appreciates your respect for their privacy at this time,\" the representative said.Tina and Joe got married in 1978.According to the divorce documents, Tina claims she has separate property from her husband and wants to keep it, reports TMZ.com.Joe filed a response to Tina's divorce petition days later, insisting that she gets nothing from the split. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950713", "title": "Mumbai Film Festival discusses cracking global audiences", "text": "With a superlative precedent set by the stellar film screenings, workshops and open forums events hosted during the days prior, the schedule of events at day 7 of the 14th Mumbai Film Festival was the quintessential cinematic indulgence for all attendees.The eventful day began with the repeat screening of Dimensions Mumbai on popular demand, a short film competition segment featuring works by young Mumbaikars below the age of 25 years depicting aspects of life in Mumbai by, by popular demand.The afternoon session witnessed an open forum discussion titled 'Why hasn't the largest film-producing nation been able to crack Global Audiences? Where is that film from India which has universal, non-Indian, diverse appeal?' with a highly distinguished panel that included ace Indian filmmakers Ashutosh Gowarikar and Zoya Akhtar , Christian Jeune, Director of the Film Department and Deputy General Delegate of the Cannes Film Festival and Sanjeev Lamba, CEO, Reliance Entertainment. While the discussion provided keen insights into the script writing process and approach of filmmaking that Indian writers would require to adopt in order to appeal to diverse international audiences, the speakers also enlightened attendees about the schematics of film market trends and global appeal in western territories.The section was followed by the Masterclass in Creative Production conducted by Gary Kurtz, legendary producer of epic Hollywood films such as Star Wars and The Steal who shared jewels from his personal experiences and highlighted the importance of factors such as effective storytelling, concise scripts and identifying the highlights of a scene. The session was moderated by seasoned film producer Julian Alcantara.Honoring the genesis of cinema, the last open forum discussion at the festival was a seminar on the 'Vitality of Italian Cinema' that saw luminaries such as celebrated Indian academician, cultural commentator and writer Suresh Chabria, veteran Italian film editor Roberto Perpignani, connoisseur of world cinema and Director of Cinecitta Luce Luciano Sovena, Italo Spinelli , director of Gangor, a feature film based on the work of renowned Bengali writer and activist Mahasweta Devi and the honourable Ambassador of Italy in India Giampaolo Cutillo, moderated by prominent Indian film critic Aruna Vasudev.Among the works of cinematic genius showcased throughout the day were Augustine by Alice Winocour, Beyond The Hills (Au-Dela des collines), a cinematic masterpiece selected as the Romanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 85th Academy Awards , by Romania's first Director to have been awarded the Golden Palm at the Cannes Film Festival Cristian Mungiu, Me and You (Io e Te) the latest film by renowned Italian filmmaker Bernardo Bertolucci , Digant (Boundless) a Konkani film by director Dnyanesh Moghe and the eagerly anticipated The Ship Of Theseus by Mumbai-based independent filmmaker and screenwriter Anand Gandhi.The evening saw the showing of Laurence Anyways by Xavier Dolan as a part of \"Rendezvous with French Cinema\", a segment aimed at showcasing works of contemporary French cinema.Spotted at the event were actors Sushma Reddy and Javed Jaffrey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16951961", "title": "New IPL Hyderabad team owner: From student leader to tycoon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kalanithi Maran , owner of USD 2.8 billion (appx Rs 15,000 crores) Sun Group which on Thursday won the Hyderabad franchise of the Indian Premier League, has come a long way from being a student leader in prestigious Loyola College to turning into South India's biggest media baron.The 48-year-old Kalanithi Maran, who is the son of former Union Minister for Commerce Murasoli Maran and elder brother of former union textiles minister Dayanidhi Maran was the chairman of Loyola college's student wing which had taken up the cause of Tamil people based in Sri Lanka in mid 80's.As per Forbes.com, Kalanithi is currently 24th in the list of the richest Indians -- a list that includes big names like Ambani brothers Mukesh and Anil, steel baron Lakshmi Mittal , Azeem Premji, Adi Godrej , Kumar Mangalam Birla , Rahul Bajaj to name a few.An MBA from the University of Scranton (Pennsylvania), the media moghul from South has diverse business interest from owning TV channels to having a sizeable stake in SpiceJet airlines as well venturing into DTH service and couple of Tamil newspapers (Dinakaran &amp; Tamil Murasu).He is also the owner of multilingual FM channel (93.5 Red FM) as well Tamil FM channel (Suryan FM). His company is also into Tamil movie production as Tollywood is one of the biggest film industry in the world.Kalanithi is learnt to have increased his stakes in SpiceJet to about 48 percent.While he started the Sun TV back in April 14, 1993 with a modest bank loan of USD 86,000, exactly 10 years and 10 days after the launch on April 24, 2006 --- the company was listed in Bomaby Stock Exchange upon raising USD 133 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16948801", "title": "Sunny Deol\u2019s son turns rapper for his dad", "text": "Sunny Deol's son Karan turns rapper for his dad on his 55th birthday in LondonSunny Deol's 21-year-old son Karan is proving to be quite the surprise package. Earlier, we had reported that Karan is being put through the paces by his father, and will debut in a film sometime next year, carrying forward the Deol family tradition.And now we hear the doting son, who is currently in London working as Assistant Director on the Deols' home production Yamla Pagla Deewana 2 , pleasantly surprised his dad on his 55th birthday with a unique gift.On Sunny's birthday on the sets in Leicester, while members of the cast and crew had already planned a theme cake and a sundowner, Karan aka Rocky turned rapper and rapped a song he had himself written specially for his dear dad.A source told us, \"Everyone wanted to surprise Sunny sir and the co-stars were game for what the cast and crew had planned. All of a sudden, Karan rapped a song that he had himself written to show his love for daddy dearest. The members of the unit were doubly surprised.\"Sunny was deeply touched and almost had tears in his eyes when he thanked and hugged his son for making his birthday so special, informed the source. \"Sunny told Karan he would record the rap and preserve it as part of his personal collection. Others who were present appreciated Karan for the beautiful song he had prepared so secretively. Bobby Deol too praised Rocky for his effort and congratulated him for his hidden talent,\" said the source.With grandfather Dharmendra's yen for writing shayri s, Rocky's rapping skills just add one more feather to the Deols' talents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945231", "title": "Government to create panchayat infrastructure fund", "text": "PANAJI: Panchayati raj minister Laxmikant Parsekar announced that the government will create a special fund of 300-500 crore for panchayat infrastructure projects.Calling for planned development of villages, he said panchayats should have infrastructure such as a proper panchayat house, community halls, playgrounds, markets, in their villages. All this should be a part of the village master plan and panchayats that do not have the capacity to buy land for these projects should identify land in their village and the government will acquire it for them.Parsekar was speaking at the golden jubilee celebrations of the institution of panchayati raj in the state.Stating that the government would be implementing its pre-poll promise of abolishing house tax, he said matching grants will be given to the panchayats in the state. Parsekar said panchayats which have a higher revenue collection will get an increase in grants while those who had got 50% grants for declining revenue will get another cheque with the balance amount later.Parsekar said house tax will be reduced to 1 to enable people to get a receipt, as this is being used as proof of residence. He said the matching grants will be an average of the panchayats' house tax collected over five years.Parsekar said the scheme has been cleared by the law department and only notification of the scheme is left.Calling for overall development of the village, Parsekar said instead of each panchayat member asking for funds for gutters and pavers and beautification in their respective wards, panchayats should see what is required for the entire village. \"We need to think 10-15 years ahead,\" Parsekar said.Parsekar said the government would demarcate work that is to be done by panchayats, zilla panchayats and PWD so that there is no duplication of work by the three.Speaking further, Parsekar said that the OBC and ST communities which have already got reservation in panchayats in the state. He called for the reservation of the SC community in 42 panchayats where their population is a sizeable number.He said the government had constituted a task force committee comprising 29 members to plan the further development of panchayats in the state. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the government will extend support to any revenue-generating project by the panchayats and the expertise for this will be provided .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953062", "title": "Naomie Harris thought she was 'too old to be Bond girl'", "text": "Naomie Harris has revealed that she was \"flattered\" to be offered the Bond girl role in 'Skyfall', but at the same time was worried that she was too old to star alongside 007.The 35-year-old actress admitted that she was initially surprised when her agent asked her to audition for the role, as she assumed that at the age of 35, she was past it.\"When my agent first said I was auditioning as a Bond girl, I said, 'I'm 35, I don't think that is very likely,'\" Contactmusic quoted Harris as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952653", "title": "Brahmanandam\u2019s son Gautham, Jyothsna tie the knot", "text": "Popular comedian Brahmanandam's son, Raja Goutham, tied the knot with Jyothsna, daughter of cinematographer Srinivas Reddy in a star-studded traditional affair. Despite being the auspicious Dusherra festival day, an endless stream of Tollywood celebs, politicians and city socialites graced the ceremony and blessed the couple.Guests were seen enjoying greeting friends, family and relatives and later were treated to a sumptuous dinner. The well-designed stage set-up and elaborate hall draping caught everybody's attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946712", "title": "R K Laxman gets double treat on 91st birthday", "text": "PUNE: Eminent cartoonist R K Laxman had a twin surprise awaiting him on Wednesday, the day he turned 91. The team of 'R K Laxman Ki Duniya' merrily wished him on his birthday during the airing of an episode of the television serial on the day and, earlier, a 12-year-old fan, Rajvardhan Patil, presented him a with a DVD of a documentary on crows - the cartoonist's favourite bird.Eminent scientist Jayant Narlikar and S B Mujumdar, chancellor, Symbiosis International University, were among close friends and relatives who attended the private birthday ceremony at Laxman's residence in Aundh on Wednesday.Laxman's daughter-in-law Usha said it was a great honour for the cartoonist to be greeted from the sets of the television programme. \"I had told him that he would be greeted on TV and he could not have been happier. Though the serial was to last a year, popular demand has led the makers to renew the contract. He was very happy to hear that,\" she said.Usha said the birthday celebrations at home was attended by an amalgam of people, who recalled all his work over the last 60 years. \"The documentary on crows and the birthday greetings on TV made him feel good. It was a tribute to the great cartoonist that he is and we felt that people want to carry his works to the next generation,\" she said. Laxman's cartoons on various issues of importance have appeared every single day in the Times of India over the last 60 years, she pointed out.\"Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray called on Wednesday morning to wish Laxman and later sent a bouquet. Thackeray and Laxman share an association and friendship that goes over several decades,\" Usha said.Rajvardhan also dropped in at Laxman's residence to present him with a DVD of his documentary, 'The Brainy Crow', based on the life and survival of crows. Usha said Laxman was overwhelmed to see the documentary. \"He was amazed to see that a 12-year-old was so well read about crows and their characteristics. My father-in-law loves the bird and has sketched crows of different kinds. He always said that it is the most brainy of birds. He loved the documentary,\" said Usha, adding that Rajvardhan instantly secured a spot in Laxman's heart.Rajvardhan, who shot and directed the documentary over a year, said, \"During an interview on his last birthday, Laxman's wife had said that he missed crows at his Pune residence. Since I am a great fan of his, I decided to shoot a documentary on the bird and gift the DVD to him on this birthday. I worked through vacations and weekends, scouring the city for good shots. The documentary basically captures the life of crows, their day-to-day activities, their eating and mating habits, nest types and their survival.\"J D Majethia, the producer of R K Laxman Ki Duniya, said it was only befitting to greet the cartoonist on TV. \"Every show has a concept around which the stories are woven. Our serial is based on the cartoons sketched by Laxman and the life that they created. A single cartoon of his, though based on one issue, says a lot of things. It also points out to the issue's implications on the common man. We were able to weave in many aspects and stories into the show because of his brilliant cartoons. The team is happy and proud to be associated with Laxman and feels that he should be wished on his birthday on celluloid, when thousands of his fans could witness the honour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953768", "title": "Alicia Keys to buy Eddie Murphy's New Jersey estate", "text": "Alicia Keys is reportedly buying Eddie Murphy's Englewood estate for 12 million dollars - less than half the original asking price of 30 million dollars.The 31-year-old singer plans to live in the house with her producer husband Swizz Beatz and their two-year-old son Egypt , the Daily Mail reported.The property was called Bubble Hill during Murphy's bachelor days, referring to a slang term for party.The house has taken many price cuts since it was first put up for sale in 2004, dropping to 22 million dollars in 2007 and as low as 12.75 million dollars in 2010.\"The closing has been delayed for months but they're almost there,\" a source told the New York Daily News .\"When she closes, she'll buy the two-acre lot behind the house, too,\" the source said.Murphy bought the home for 3.5 million dollars in 1985, back then it was 10,000 square feet.However, Murphy added an additional 15,000 square feet making it one of the most extravagant pads in the area.The 32-room Colonial mansion was once occupied by Murphy and his former wife, Nicole - whom he met in 1988 and divorced in 2006 - as well as their five children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947434", "title": "Ten-year-old boy rescued from Marina Beach by fishermen", "text": "CHENNAI: Police rescued a 10-day-old boy abandoned behind the Labour statue on the Marina Beach on Wednesday morning.The Anna Square police handed over the boy to Don Bosco Illam on Wall Tax Road. Nobody has come forward to claim the baby so far, police said.At 6am on Wednesday, a few fishermen who were walking on the beach heard a baby's cry and found the child wrapped in a towel. They alerted the police patrol about the baby.Police said the boy was given first aid at a private hospital and later shifted to the children's hospital in Egmore where he was kept under observation for a couple of hours.\"The child was shivering despite a towel wrapped around its body. Two dogs were walking around the boy, before fishermen rescued him,\" said a police officer.The baby must have been abandoned only in the morning as the policemen were patrolling the stretch all through the night.Police are also checking records of both government and private hospitals to know about the deliveries in the past few days to trace the parents, a police officer said. The health of the baby is fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16946757", "title": "Malankara Church gets its Prince, Mar Cleemis named cardinal", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It was a moment of pride for the 80-year-old Syro-Malankara Catholic Church when their Major Archbishop Catholicos Baselios Mar Cleemis was named Cardinal, giving them their first Prince of the Church.Pope Benedict XVI made the declaration of the ordination at the Vatican on Wednesday at around 3.30pm. Simultaneously, a declaration was made at the headquarters of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church at Pattom here.With this, the number of cardinals in the state has risen to two, with the other being Mar George Alancherry, the head of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church. The Cardinal-designate will henceforth be known as Baselios Cardinal Cleemis.Cardinal Cleemis is the only Indian among the six senior priests named Cardinals in the latest expansion of the College of Cardinals. He is the fifth Malayali Cardinal following Joseph Parekkatil, Antony Padiyara, Varkey Vithayathil and George Alancherry, who belonged to the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.The formal ordination ceremony will be held at Vatican on November 24. During the ceremony, he will receive the Cardinal's insignia and the official apparel, including the red broad-brimmed tasseled hat.Cleemis, (53) will be the youngest in the group of cardinals. Born at Mallappally in Pathanamthitta on June 15, 1959 to late Mathew and late Annamma of Mukkoor, he completed his primary education from St Mary's UPS, Kunnamthanam and St Mary's HS, Anikkad. After pre-degree, he joined the St. Joseph's seminary in Aluva. He completed MA in Theology from Dharmaram College, Bangalore and doctorate from St Thomas Pontifical University, Rome.Cleemis was also the first vice-president of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India. He is the president of the national association of the blind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947372", "title": "Pavement dweller electrocuted", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old pavement dweller was electrocuted when she came in contact with a live cable in Royapettah early on Wednesday.Theotherson the pavement on Thayar Sahib Street woke up hearing Renuka's scream and found her near an electric pole.Soon , police came to the spot and switched off the power . The body of Renuka , a labourer , was taken to the government hospital in Royapettah for autopsy . A case was registered . Police said Renuka was electrocuted when she stepped on a live cable in a pool of stagnant water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16945200", "title": "Master plan needed for development of cities: Deputy chief minister", "text": "BICHOLIM: Stating that the government has made a provision of 152 crore in the state Budget to undertake development projects in municipal areas, deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza said that it is necessary to prepare a master plan for each city in the state to achieve all round development. D'Souza was addressing a gathering on Wednesday after inaugurating a new market complex at Bicholim. The market complex has been constructed by Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) at the cost of 7.5 crore.Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal, first Bicholim municipal council (BMC) chairperson Ramesh Sardesai, BMC chairperson Anisha Vernekar, deputy chairperson Narayan Betkikar, chief officer Varsha Naik, GSIDC secretary Sandeep Jacques and Bicholim BJP mandal chief Manohar Shirdokar were present on the dais.The deputy CM claimed that the government has enough money to undertake all new projects in Bicholim,Stating that there is a need of an additional 50 crore to complete old pending projects, D'Souza said that co-operation of all components is necessary to generate revenues from available sources. He also lauded the efforts of municipal engineer Hussain Muzawar for the all round development of Bicholim.Speaking on the occasion, Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal called upon the state government to extend full support to undertake development in Bicholim adding that there was no development work in the town even after seven months of BJP coming to power in the state. He also came down heavily on health minister Laxmikant Parsekar for delay in opening the newly constructed primary health center (PHC) building, accusing the health minister of not taking the initiative to upgrade the existing status of the PHC, even five months after the completion of the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16950475", "title": "'Facebook, Twitter promote sense of belonging among teens'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Digital media helps teens reach developmental milestones, such as fostering a sense of belonging and sharing personal problems, according to a new study from the University of Washington .But the study also raised questions about whether digital connectedness might hinder the development of an autonomous sense of self.Katie Davis, an assistant professor in the Information School and an expert on digital media use during adolescence, calls it \"Friendship 2.0.\"\"What they're doing is different from generations of teenagers from before the digital era, but it comes from the same place of basic developmental needs. It's just that they're using different tools to satisfy these needs,\" said Davis.Davis interviewed 32 adolescents, aged 13 to 18 and about an even mix of boys and girls, living on the island of Bermuda where teens have similar digital media habits as teenagers in the United States .She asked them about how they use media to communicate with friends, and came up with an inventory of their media use: 94 percent have cell phones; 53 percent have internet-enabled cell phones; 91 percent have Facebook profiles; 78 percent use online instant messaging, such as MSN, AOL or Skype; 94 percent use YouTube and 9 percent use Twitter.Davis asked about the content of their digital conversations and analysed 200 examples shared by the teens. Casual chatter about homework or what they did that day occurred three times more than intimate conversations about feelings or problems.Looking more closely at the casual exchanges, Davis found that friends stay connected through frequent check-ins, sharing something funny that happened or asking what they're up to or how they're doing. These off-the-cuff conversations can last throughout the day, with breaks for going to class or having dinner.Most - 68 percent - of check-ins occur on Facebook, and include groups of friends commenting on photos or YouTube videos. Nearly half of the participants in the survey talked about posting photos of themselves with their friends and then tagging their friends, allowing them to discuss a shared experience and promote a sense of belonging to a circle of friends.Intimate exchanges, discussed by 69 percent of participants - usually girls - included how they were feeling, whether they were having a bad day or other problems that they hoped to get their friends' help with. Youths, especially those describing themselves as shy or quiet, said that it was easier to share these personal thoughts digitally than in person. Some felt typing rather than speaking their feelings gave them more control.Some participants considered the ability to connect anytime and anywhere with their friends to be not just convenient, but necessary to stay up-to-date and to avoid feeling isolated or being left out of group activities.\"Adolescents are interacting with their peers constantly, and the question arises as to whether they can still develop an autonomous sense of self,\" Davis said.This isn't known yet, but she suspects that this constant connectivity may support the development of an outward-looking self, one that looks to others for affirmation rather relying on an internal sense of worth and efficacy.The study will be published in the November issue of the Journal of Adolescence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16946460", "title": "BJP to stage protest against UPA II: CT Ravi", "text": "MANGALORE: The state unit of BJP will launch a statewide Janajagruthi Horata between November 10 and November 20 to protest against the UPA government's failure to deal with price rise, corruption and maintenance of internal security, party spokesperson and minister for higher education CT Ravi said.These are the main issues that the country needs to focus at this juncture and for which UPA government is answerable to people of the country, he said.\"UPA chairperson and AICC president Sonia Gandhi during her October 18 visit to the state to attend Congress workers' convention here had termed corruption a cancer that is hurting the poor and ordinary people. The observation coming from the present head of Congress party, which gave birth to corruption in India with the jeep scandal surfacing in independent 1948 under then PM Jawaharlal Nehru is strange and deserves to be treated with contempt,\" he said.On Sonia's demand that the state government give details of the Rs 80,000 crore given to the state by the Centre, Ravi wondered if Sonia Gandhi had assumed the role of the CAG. \"The state government has given audited account for funds allocated to it by the Centre and claimed the next installment of its due share. It is neither Congres' money nor gratis that Karnataka received. It is our right under the federal system of governance.\"Poser by Sonia Gandhi at the convention on reluctance of the BJP ruled state governments to provide additional subsidized LPG to its citizens too is for public consumption, Ravi said.The UPA government must not forget that LPG cylinders were freely available during the NDA regime, he said questioning the need to place a cap on subsidized cylinders to six per annum and then force people to buy it at market price from seventh cylinder onwards.'Party has always backed BSY 'MANGALORE: BJP has not denied opportunities or victimised former CM BS Yeddyurappa at any stage in his political career. Instead, the party has always stood by him through political success and backed him to the hilt when he faced reverses, sais minister for higher education and district in-charge CT Ravi.\"If Yeddyurappa remembers all favours that party has done to him, he will certainly not quit the party and form his own outfit,\" he added.Reacting to reports that the Lingayat strongman from BJP will start his own regional outfit sometime in December, Ravi reminded Yeddyurappa of his own words uttered at party workers meeting that betraying the party is akin to betraying one's own mother. \"It is the organizations' ideology and backing that has made Yeddyurappa the leader that he is and he should be grateful for having reached where he stands now,\" Ravi said.The BJP is a cadre based mass party and every individual including leaders such as Atal Behari Vajpayee has risen through the ranks to reach the pinnacle in their political careers, he said.\"Such a development is not possible in political parties which follow dynastic politics. In such parties even the newborn in a family that leads the party is hailed as the next leader. In BJP, one has to earn the spurs the way Yeddyurappa has earned,\" he said.Keeping these factors in mind, Ravi said, Yeddyurappa is unlikely to take any step that will hurt or damage the fortunes of the party that has given him so much.\"Even in the eventuality of Yeddyurappa parting ways with the BJP, the party will follow the ideals laid down by Vajpayee - which is no surrender, no retreat. The party has the inherent resilience to face any setbacks that may come its way and come back stronger in the future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16947468", "title": "Rs 12 lakh semi-precious stones seized at airport", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur airport customs officials on Wednesday seized semi-precious stones worth Rs 12 lakh from a passenger arriving from Sharjah . The accused, Mohammd Ilyas, a resident of the Walled City, was arrested after a tip-off by an intelligence agency.The seized stones include ruby, emerald and tanzanite. \"Prima facie investigations reveled that Mohammed is a trained carrier. He made frequent trips to Middle East and is suspected to have worked for smugglers based in Dubai, Sharjah and India,\" said a customs officer.The customs has charged him for evading customs duty of the items. The officers failed to ascertain the source and destination of smuggled stones as carriers usually have no clue. \"Big smugglers run their business on the basis of carriers and always look for a new face that can fool the airpoty security systems and scanners,\" an official said.The officials had made similar arrests in the recent past and seized expensive watches and items. In most cases, the carriers are migrant workers who were paid Rs 10,000 to 15,000 or their return tickets as compensation.Customs are probing Ilyas' earlier visits to build a strong case against him till the last report comes. He arrived at the airport in an Air India flight from Sharjah. In most of the cases, smugglers don't leave any trace of their whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16953886", "title": "Modi government most corrupt: Shaktisinh Gohil", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil has alleged that the Narendra Modi government is the most corrupt government in the history of the state.In a statement, Gohil claimed that Modi runs the administration on double standards. He talks about transparency and propriety but does not find such qualities as desirable virtues in private practice. \"In last 10 years under Narendra Modi's rule, Gujarat has seen multi billion rupees scandals in the energy sector. Under the Modi rule, state PSU GSPC and energy and petrochemicals department have emerged as the epicenter of all mega scandals involving thousands of crores,\" he claimed.Earlier, in the name of exploration Rs 8000 crore public money has been drowned in the drain by this most corrupt regime in the history of Gujarat. This Chief Minister had publicly announced that 20 TCF gas reserves have been found in GSPC s KG basin block and within three years, that gas would be brought to Gujarat. Seven years have already gone and there is no indication of even one standard cubic feet gas from KG basin or from various blocks in Egypt and elsewhere.\"Not only the majority stake was sold, this manifestly corrupt administration had even given away 70 % of the carbon credit toone companny, whose promoters are known for under table dealings with BJP leaders,\" he claimed. To ensure such modern day white-collar plunderers do not loot that public treasury.\"I had to approach the Gujarat High Court challenging the veracity of the deal. Subsequently, the said deal was cancelled. If the CM has an iota of shame and sense of propriety and sincerity in him, he must provide a candid public explanation on the irregularities being committed at his instance to benefit one company, which has a dubious track record in getting government contracts,\" gohil demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16953505", "title": "I don't make a mistake twice, asserts Sebastian Vettel", "text": "NOIDA: Sebastian Vettel's stature and maturity as a Formula One driver has grown with each passing race and the German ace from Red Bull believes the secret of success lies in not \"repeating his mistakes.\"The year he joined the Austrian team, he became the youngest driver to end runner-up in the Drivers' Championship and the following year he became the youngest driver to become a world champion.\"Whether you have won the last championship or not, you have to start again and I have proved that I am good enough to do that. Still, we do make mistakes but more importantly, I do not do that twice,\" the 25-year-old defending champion said ahead of the Indian Grand Prix.\"When I won the first championship, it was a big relief. That was a great feeling. But it's not an advantage, if you have won the last race or the last championship.\"Now he is two-time defending champion this season and leading the drivers table with 215 points with four races left. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso is chasing Vettel closely as he is just six points behind him. In the team championship also, it's Ferrari who are the closest with 290 points.Vettel said much of this statistics is left behind when they are in the cockpit with hands on the steering wheel.\"I am not a strong believer in this kind of numbers. We had our ups and downs and we have been able to improve. This is exactly what the other people are also trying to do, trying to improve the car.\"And I don't think much when standing on the grid, waiting to see the lights go off. Yes, it's in the head but important is to get off, start well and have a good race,\" he said.Talking about the Indian Grand Prix, Vettel made his intentions clear that he is looking for an encore.\"I have good memories, it was fantastic race last year. We got the pole and I won the race and that was special. Hopefully, we can have a similar result. We always try to do the best,\" he said.Vettel termed the current season as \"crazy\". The season has been full of surprises as it threw seven different winners in the first seven races.\"I was one of them (the first seven winners). It took a while. It's been crazy this year. It shows how small things can make a big difference. Williams (Pastor Maldonado) won a race this year and now have been away from doing that.\"Mercedes (Nico Rosberg) won a race and are struggling in the last couple of races. It's difficult to explain for ourselves as to why the drivers who do well cannot do that again,\" he said.Vettel chose not to speak on the team orders, which are expected to be issued in his favour to enable him win the championship.\"We'll see. We will cross the bridge when we are at that point. I don't like talking such things. I want to stay focussed, there's a lot to be done.\"The German, who had learnt to say 'Namaste' in Hindi last year, has not learned any new phrase of the language.\"It's not the easiest language.\" The New Jersey leg, which was to make debut in 2013, has been postponed and Vettel said it would be a good place to race.\"I don't know the background. We had promotions after the Canadian GP. Long way to go. It would be a great place to race.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16947221", "title": "Chandigarh professor burns khap effigy in Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK: Taking on the fearsome khap panchayats in Haryana, a Chandigarh-based professor of sociology burnt the effigy of the \"thinking of khaps\" by equating them with the evil Ravana in Rohtak on the occasion of Dussehra on Wednesday.Professor Pandit Rao Dharennavar, 38, assistant professor in the Postgraduate Government College, Sector 46, Chandigarh drove to Rohtak with the effigy and burnt it at Subhash Chowk on Wednesday evening. Clad in traditional attire to suit the occasion, he vowed to repeat this on every Dussehra until the khaps discard their \"unconstitutional, illogical and regressive\" demands and ideas.Talking to the TOI, Prof Dharennavar, who originally hails from Indi taluka in Bijapur district in Karnataka, stated that the patriarchal and anti-women mindset of khap panchayats have been exposed by their demand to bring down the marriageable age of girls.\"How can they demand changing the law which will affect the whole country? Their demand is unconstitutional, unjustified and regressive. These kinds of groups should rather be working for education for girls which empower the whole society instead of marrying them off at a tender age which will adversely affect the girl both physically and mentally,\" he said.Daring the khap panchayats to adopt issues like prevailing casteism, alcoholism , drug addiction, female foeticide and preserving and promoting Haryanvi culture and literature, he said these are more important issues which need urgent attention of the society.He stated that on way to Rohtak from Chandigarh he had interacted with several groups of people in rural areas, but they were also not in agreement with the khap views on the marriage age issue. \"I found many people who are quite enlightened and aware about the need of education and especially girl education\".Asked as to what prompted him to drive down to Rohtak to burnt the effigy, he said it shocked him when he learnt about the lowering of marriageable age as solution to rape. \"This is absurd. And they want to further repress victim as a solution to her exploitation. I decided to come to Rohtak to send out a message and to challenge the supremacy of khap,\" he said, adding that I want to convey to khaps that modern times belong to welfare of state and not to the ancient regressive and retrograde mindset.Reacting to burning of khap effigy, Sarv Khap Mahapanchayat convener Kuldeep Dhanda stated that the khap leaders are open to discussion and debate at any platform about their demands. \"The genetic science has proved that marrying in same gotra and close relationship resulted in deformities in offspring. We have been demanding an amendment in the Hindu Marriage Act to ban same gotra marriages,\" he said, clarifying that lowering the marriageable age had never been the issue of khap panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946733", "title": "HC quashes PCMC plan to cut BRTS corridor charges", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay High Court has quashed a supplementary proposal approved by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) to reduce premium charges for development along Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridors.Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale had filed a petition in the High Court to oppose the decision of the PCMC to reduce the premium charges. Savale had contended that the supplementary proposal was added to an altogether different proposal on another issue at the general body meeting on August 20, 2010.The general body meeting on that day was to consider the proposal for changing the alignment of an 18-meter wide road in Charholi, and shifting of garden, cultural centre and library in the Development Plan (DP). During confirmation of the minutes of the meeting, Savale alleged that a supplementary proposal for reduction of premium to be charged for additional Floor Space Index (FSI) in BRTS corridor was mysteriously added to the original resolution. Savale had also given a written complaint to the then mayor Yogesh Behl, municipal Commissioner Ashish Sharma and municipal secretary Subhash Kale. However, the municipal corporation had initiated the process of modification of development control (DC) Rules as per the resolution approved by the general body.The High Court said the civic bodies can approve the supplementary proposals that are in consonant with the original proposal. The division bench comprising justices A M Khanwilkar and R. Y Ganoo heard the case. The High Court has allowed the PCMC to maintain status quo for six weeks in case the order is to be challenged in the Supreme Court.Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner, PCMC, when contacted on Wednesday, said, \"I have not seen the copy of the High Court order. I will be able to comment on it only after going through the order. We will abide by the directives of the High Court.\"Two years back, the state government had sanctioned usage of additional FSI in the BRTS Corridor (100 meters area of both the sides of BRTS roads), subject to payment of premium to compensate the costs of construction and maintenance of the prestigious BRTS project. The PCMC was to gain revenue of Rs 3,500 crores from the premium charges. Savale said the supplementary proposal was passed illegally to reduce the premium charges by 75%, thus resulting in a loss of several hundred crores.The PCMC is developing four BRTS routes in the city under JNNURM along the Pune-Mumbai highway, Aundh-Ravet Road, Nashik Phata- Wakad Road and Kalewadi Phata-Dehu-Alandi Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16947197", "title": "Money invested in LIC is income from horticulture: Virbhadra", "text": "SHIMLA: Former Himachal Pradesh chief minister Virbhadra Singh , who is under attack from BJP for alleged money laundering , on Wednesday claimed here that the entire money he invested in LIC policies was his income from horticulture.He also said the details of income have been given in the tax documents filed before the income tax department. BJP on Tuesday had demanded a special investigation team (SIT) to probe into allegations of money laundering, claiming that unaccounted cash has found its way into ghost bank accounts of LIC agent Anand Chauhan only to be used later to buy LIC policies to benefit Virbhadra and his family members.Virbhadra said Anand Chauhan is his friend with whom he had entered into a three-year agreement for the marketing of his horticulture produce from the orchard. \"He had the know-how of marketing the fruit and the agreement expired in 2012,\" he added.Virbhadra said he would file defamation cases against people who are out to malign his image by indulging in character assassination. \"Has it been probed whether Ispat company's money flowed to Virbhadra Singh?\" asked the Congress veteran while reacting to the allegation of BJP leader Arun Jaitley that he received money from the steel firm. \"My biggest asset is my dignity and honour. Each and every child of the state knows about my character and integrity. I cannot tolerate every Tom, Dick or Harry pointing fingers at my character,\" said Virbhadra.He said BJP has no issues to raise during this polls so they have devised a strategy to attack him, which shows the frustration of the BJP leaders at national level. When quizzed about the steep rise in his income from orchards, Virbhadra said it has already been explained in the income tax document. \"People know me for the past 50 years. My relation with public is intimate,\" he added.The Congress leader also hit out at BJP's HP chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , saying that Dhumal is a 'CD master' and master in filing false cases against him. \"When I was the chief minster I had ample evidence against Dhumal but I refrained from pursuing further as I did not want to make Himachal another Tamil Nadu or Punjab,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945166", "title": "J Dey killer named in hotelier attack", "text": "MUMBAI: Fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan's aide Satish Thankappan alias Kalia, an accused in scribe J Dey's murder case, has been named as an accused in the firing on hotelier BR Shetty. The other accused named is Rajan aide DK Rao.On Wednesday, the property cell of the Mumbai crime branch arrested Selvan Challappan Daniel (42), a close relative of Rajan sharpshooter Satish Tangappan alias Kalia, from Bangalore. Kalia had allegedly shot journalist J Dey on June 11, 2011 at Chhota Rajan's behest. DK Rao is facing two cases of extortion and a murder case.Cops have made an application before the 37th metropolitan magistrate seeking custody of Kalia, who is presently lodged in Arthur Road jail. Kalia has been booked along with ten others under the Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act in the J Dey murder case. \"After Kalia, we may seek custody of Rao, as they will be able to throw some light on the motive behind the attack,\" said an officer.Last week, the crime branch had arrested property dealer Nityanand Nayak in the case. During the course of the investigation, Nayak told the police that he had just receed and identified Shetty to the shooters.Nayak also said that two other property dealers, Gurudip Singh alias Bobby and Talvinder alias Sonu, from Sion Koliwada were also involved in the crime. \"The dispute is prima facie related to a huge chunk of an SRA project in Dharavi, which a reputed builder was eyeing,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945252", "title": "Free Kadamba transport corporation travel for journos, differently-abled", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday announced a 100% concession in the Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) fare for handicapped persons and journalists. It was not clear whether the concession would be applicable to all journalists or just the accredited ones.While speaking at the 32{+n}{+d} anniversary of the Kadamba transport corporation at the bus terminus in Panaji , Parrikar said that the government would help the corporation financially so that it serves the public better.Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar said that a scheme for students would soon be formulated. The government had announced plans to start a monthly pass system for students.He also said that KTC employees who are going to retire will get all the benefits, including pay benefits.Kadamba transport corporation chairman Carlos Almeida said that the corporation has already initiated steps to improve its functioning and service to the commuters. He also spoke of plans to upgrade some bus stands in the state.A souvenir was released on the occasion to mark the anniversary.While some employees were commended for their good service with mementos and certificates, the children of the employees who excelled at their board exams were felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949827", "title": "Mammootty came as a surprise: Kamalinee Mukherjee", "text": "While she's all excited about coming back to Mollywood a second time with V K Prakash's Netholi Cheriya Meenalla, Bengali actress Kamalinee Mukherjee shares with us a secret from her debut in the industry.It was Shaji N Karun's Kuttisranku that paved way for her M-Town debut. However, the actress tells us that she was surprised when she got to know that Mammootty would be her co-star! \"I was happy to be part of such a globally-acclaimed director's film. However, I wasn't aware I was to star alongside yet another great, Mammootty! And when I finally discovered that, I was pleasantly surprised,\" she states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16953601", "title": "Mayawati not in favour of giving Sonia Gandhi walkover in 2014 Lok Sabha elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: Contrary to the decision of the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) in Uttar Pradesh (UP), the main opposition party, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), has decided to field candidate against Congress president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in Lok Sabha election from Rae Bareli.The BSP has started preparation for the 2014 Lok Sabha polls. Though the party has not officially released the names of the candidates it has finalised for the elections so far, senior BSP leaders announced the name of Ram Lakhan Pasi to be party's candidate from Rae Bareli. The announcement was made by the BSP state president Ram Achal Rajbhar and national general secretary Naseemuddin Siddiqui at a party function held in Rae Bareli on Wednesday.The name of Pasi was announced after a meeting of workers in Rae Bareli on Wednesday. Pasi is local dalit leader of the BSP and does not have much political experience. Naseemuddin Siddiqui said that the party has started ground work in Congress's bastion. Pasi emerged as consensus s candidate in the meeting, said Rajbhar. Leader of opposition in UP assembly Swami Prasad Maurya has been assigned task to monitor Pasi's election campaign, he added.Significantly, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has announced not to field any candidate against Sonia Gandhi from Rae Bareli in Lok Sabha elections as a 'thanksgiving geusture' in return for the Congress not putting up any candidate against his daughter-in-law Dimple in Kannauj Lok Sabha by-polls held in June this year. In fact, SP had not put up candidates against Sonia and her son Rahul, who is also Congress general secretary, in 2009 Lok Sabha elections.However, Mayawati does not want to give any impression that she is going soft on the Congress, although her party is extending outside support to the UPA government at the centre on grounds that it wants to keep BJP out of power. Interestingly, of late, the Congress is giving more importance to Maya than Mulayam. However, Mayawati, sources said, fears that it will lose grip over its core vote bank -- dalits, if it gives more weightage to the Congress party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946746", "title": "More CNG stations demanded", "text": "PUNE: The Rickshaw Panchayat, an autorickshaw union, has demanded that the Maharashtra Natural Gas Limited (MNGL) submit a time-bound action plan to the district collector for starting CNG outlets on lands sanctioned by the Pune Municipal Corporation.Nitin Pawar, convenor of Rickshaw Panchayat, said the union had been demanding more CNG pumps for the last two years. Autorickshaw drivers were being inconvenienced because of lesser number of CNG outlets, despite an increase in the number of vehicles plying on compressed gas. Drivers have to wait in long queuesfor two to four hours at the 15 CNG outlets in the city, he added.In 2006, the drivers were forced to install LPG kits for the rickshaws to reduce air pollution. The government and administrators had then failed to provide adequate LPG outlets. CNG rickshaws now face the same situation, Pawar said.Pawar said two years ago, the civic body had offered land for CNG outlets at PMPML depots, and also on Paud Road, where a garbage depot was located. The PMPML has depots at Kothrud, Hadapsar and Nehrunagar in Pimpri.The MNGL, which is entrusted with CNG supply in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, should start the outlets at all locations where the PMC allows them, Pawar said.A main CNG outlet has been started at the PMPML bus depot at Narveer Tanajiwadi in Shivajinagar, Pawar said.Last week, the Rickshaw Panchayat held a meeting with the PMC and district authorities to discuss inadequate CNG supply. At the meeting, Panchayat president Baba Adhav demanded that the MNGL start CNG outlets at places where the gas pipelines have already been laid. The MNGL should submit a plan to the district collectorate, he added.The Panchayat also said that MNGL vehicles carrying CNG cascades to supply gas at petrol pumps have to wait at octroi posts delaying CNG supply further. The PMC octroi department assured the panchayat that an octroi deposit system would be started for MNGL vehicles so that they will not have to wait at the posts.Pawar said that there is also a proposal to start a CNG pump at Gultekdi, Market Yard. The district collector will pursue the proposal with the market committee, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16947176", "title": "Manifestoes disappoint single women, they make own charter of demands", "text": "SHIMLA: After their hopes that political leaders would provide a solution to their problems this time were dashed, the collective body Ekal Nari Shakti Sangathan (ENSS) came up with the charter of demands. The list besides spells out a policy for single women along with space in state budget, 10 bigha land for single women besides pension of Rs 1,000 as well hike of 50% pension for disabled single women.ENSS state coordinator Nirmal Chandel said, \"There are no integrated official statistics on the strength of single women and lack of property rights for women in paternal property in tribal areas, appropriate medical facilities and besides absence of concrete definition for the group of 'single women' which have forced the estimated 3 lakh to list out this charter of demands for the special dispensation.\"Irked over not finding proper place in manifestos of different parties, Radha Devi, a member of the National Single Women Rights Forum and district coordinator of ENSS, Kangra, said, \"The manifestoes of the parties are repeating what had been said five years ago. Congress manifesto talks about single women being registered in panchayat as heads of family and provision of ration cards for them as well inclusion in BPL and Annapurna scheme. Similarly, BJP manifesto speaks of registering single women as independent family member and provide all facilities as given to family. While the CPM manifesto just talks of providing special assistance to single women.\"She said, \"We have been fighting this battle since 2005 when ENSS was formed, we have managed through rallies and Jansunvais to get pension for single women and get ration cards, the manifestos are not talking anything new. Single women also form a vital segment as voters in elections and we have nearly 2,000 registered single women in Kangra district itself. We will now cast our votes to candidates who assure us in writing to take up our demands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953847", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti- Charlie Chaplin of India", "text": "Celebs from Tinsel Town are shocked after the news about sad demise of Jaspal Bhatti. Director Prabhakar Shukla, who shared a close association with the actor claims that he was the Charlie Chaplin of India.\"I was shocked when I got the news about Jaspal's demise. We were close friends and he was a great human being,\" said Prabhakar.\"His sense of humour was natural and when I told him to play the role of PM in my next film, he readily agreed. In fact, he even joked and said that I can look older for the role, but how can I keep quiet in the film. He was like Charlie Chaplin. His sense of humour is unmatched,\" concluded the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16947384", "title": "Arjuna makes a jumbo impact at grand show", "text": "MYSORE: Arjuna did it with elan, ease and poise. On Wednesday, when Mysore kept its date with history, it was also the 52-year-old elephant's day of redemption as he carried the fabled golden howdah on his back with dignity, matching the style and pride of Balarama.The 54-year-old Balarama will take part in Dasara festivities for some more years to come, but may not lead the fabulous procession, if Arjuna's performance this time is any indication. Starting his second innings on a firm foot, Arjuna ambled along the 5-km procession stretch majestically without much ado. Matching the size and magnitude required to be the howdah elephant, he delivered it all in 150 minutes reaching the city's Banni Mantap Grounds at 6.40pm.Earlier, chief minister Jagadish Shettar performed pooja to Nandi Dhwaja at Balarama Gate of the Mysore Palace at 1.46 pm in Dhanur Lagna. The grand caravan began to roll, showcasing the cultural vibrancy of Karnataka. There were folk artistes and tableaux displaying to the milling crowd a slice of the state's history and heritage. Having performed the daunting task of carrying the howdah 14 times in a row, Balarama too got his due. As the procession opened at 2.15 pm, Balarama, the gentle giant, ambled majestically opening the procession by performing the task of Nishan elephant-the one that announces the start of the spectacle . After some 100 minutes, Arjuna with Kanti and Chaitra as kumki elephants to keep him under check, trudged out of the Palace. The rest , as they say, is history witnessed by tens of thousands lining up the procession route.When the 750 kg howdah was taken off Arjuna's back at the Banni Mantap, the authorities heaved a sigh of relief . For, there were three teams armed with tranquilizers to tame the tusker in case of any untoward incident. Arjuna's performance on Wednesday has sealed his slot as the captain.The nine-day celebration ended with colourful fireworks and torchlight parade with a dash of cultural extravaganza and acrobatics followed by an exciting laser show that lit up the cloudy sky and held thousands of spectators spellbound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16946143", "title": "4 cops hurt in mob violence in Godhra", "text": "VADODARA: The sound of guns and tear gas shells returned to Godhra, ground zero of the 2002 Gujarat riots, when locals clashed with policemen over cattle being impounded ahead of Eid-ul-Zuha on Saturday. Cops fired three rounds in the air and also lobbed 11 tear gas shells to bring the mob under control.With cow slaughter banned in the state, the cops were on a drive to impound cattle being taken to illegal abattoirs. Four policemen received minor injuries in the violence that lasted about an hour near Makki Masjid on Amirpur Road. A mob of around 700 people pelted stones on a police team led by inspector J H Pandya.Two police vehicles were damaged by the mob. Although there have been some skirmishes over cattle being impounded in Godhra in the recent past, this is the first time since 2004 that the town has seen a clash of this scale.The incident took place around noon. The cops say they fired tear gas shells after they were surrounded by the angry mob. Pandya also fired three rounds in the air. The mob left the place but a larger group returned and started pelting stones on the police again. It took the police close to an hour to quell the violence and restore normalcy. Cops took away some 22 cows from the spot.The police had seized 80 bovines from the Lilesara area on Tuesday while 50 were seized from the Vejalpur crossroads in the early hours on Wednesday. Two persons were also arrested regarding these seizures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16946708", "title": "Rains leave crops worth lakhs of rupees damaged", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Two days of incessant rains have left around 210 acres of farmland in Vellayani completely submerged leaving the farmers with loses worth lakhs of rupees. The electric post that supplied power to the pump house here had collapsed, thus making the draining of water that had accumulated a difficult task.The power was restored and motor could be switched on only on Wednesday morning. But, by then, the damage was already done.The produces from the four collective farms here -- Nilamakkari, Pandarakkari, Mangilikkary and Kanjirathadi -- are routed through the government-run outlets that supply a major bulk of the vegetables that are sold in city markets.The saplings of spinach have already begun to rot and the plantain crop was in disarray. The paddy cultivation is sparse here. The rice stalks, though rooted, were lying flat.\"Within a few days, all these will start rotting. There is nothing much we can do. Every time it rains, it is the motor that pumps the entire water out of the fields. This time it didn't happen and we have to bear the loss,\" said Rajendran, one among the 300-odd farmers who have taken the land on lease at Vellayani.Rajendran wearily calculates his loss and puts it at Rs 1 lakh. The amount is huge for this farmer. But he seems more rueful about the labour he had put in. \"Whatever you see here is our months' long effort. Be it rain or cold, we would be in the fields around 6am every day. In the evening, again, we would return to water the saplings,\" he said.Sudhakaran, the convenor of one of the farmers' groups, said that the loss of all the farmers put together would amount to lakhs of rupees. \"A farmer would lose not less than Rs 1 lakh every time his cultivation goes under water. There are over 300 farmers here. The loss for each one would be pretty much the same,\" he said.The truant monsoon has made their days longer than it used to be. Earlier, they would work only on these fields. Now, they wake up early, work on the fields till morning and then they go for other jobs. In the evening, they return to the fields to water them till the night sets in.\"The unfortunate thing is that these farmers are seldom compensated. A high-level inspection is needed to assess the loss. By that time, it would be the beginning of new farming season and the farmers have no other way but to bear the loss,\" said Punchakkari councilor A J Sukarno.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16946466", "title": "Fired 15 years ago, woman gets job back", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has got a woman her job back in the company that fired her 15 years ago following a complaint against two colleagues for sexual harassment at workplace.An industrial tribunal had earlier ruled in the woman's favour and ordered the company where she worked \u2014 Lyka Labs \u2014 to pay her Rs 50,000 towards compensation for sexual harassment, all wages, as well as Rs 2,500 towards litigation cost, but did not accept her demand to reinstate her in the job.Justice S R Brahmbhatt, however, held that fetching her money was not enough, and ordered her reinstatement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946890", "title": "UGC funding for DAVV may be hit", "text": "INDORE: Further delay in implementation of Choice-Based Credit System (CBCS) may give Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) tough time in days to come. The University Grants Commission (UGC) has reminded the universities and colleges to implement CBCS at the earliest as it would be linked with accreditation as well as UGC funding.The letter, sent by joint secretary of the UGC on October 16, said the UGC's action plan for academic and administrative reforms during the XIth Plan should be implemented at the earliest. The action plan comprised aspects like semester system, choice-based credit system, curriculum development, admission procedures and examination reforms. However, implementation of the action plan seems to be a distant reality for the varsity as the commission has fixed the deadline of November 30 for completing the process. \"It is almost impossible to implement the action plan as varsity is not able to successfully implement semester system properly and nothing has been done on the front of examination reforms. Implementing CBCS is a distant dream for the varsity whereas NAAC inspection is pending this year,\" said a source.The UGC had written to higher education institutes in January 2008 and March 2009 regarding academic and administrative reforms for promotion of quality and excellence in higher education. In 2008, team of National Accreditation and Assessment Council (NAAC) too had suggested implementing reforms but to no avail. Strikingly, none of the universities in Madhya Pradesh has so far implemented the University Grant Commission (UGC) recommended CBCS. It is a system followed globally for its range of benefits. It permits students to choose electives from a wide range of optional courses, undergo value added courses depending upon the learner's aptitude and make the best use of the expertise of faculty across the college.DAVV has declared 2012 as the year of academic excellence as NAAC inspection to confer grading to the university is due this year. Officials say the university, which is struggling to run the semester system on time will find it tough given the acute shortage of regular teachers and principals in various departments and affiliated colleges respectively. The varsity has more than 230 affiliated colleges and nearly 50 of them are functioning without permanent principals.According to educationists, the dream will take a long time to realize in the universities of the state. Several universities in the neighbouring states have implemented the CBCS system and many top-ranked institutions admit students on the basis of these grades. Even Union HRD ministry and National Knowledge Commission (NKC) have recommended the system for enhancing the quality of higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16949077", "title": "Prohibitory orders in Hyderabad after clashes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two groups belonging to different communities clashed after a youth was stabbed by another group, prompting police to clamp prohibitory orders under Musheerabad police station limits.Members of a community resorted to stone pelting in Musheeerabad area late on Wednesday night after a youth was allegedly stabbed by another group, police said, adding the situation was brought under control within one hour.\"Prohibitory orders under section 144 CrPC have been imposed in Musheerabad police limits from 6am onwards on Thursday for 24 hours to avoid any further incident. The situation is now peaceful and under control,\" a senior police officer said.According to police, the trouble broke out when members of a community raised objections and argued with other community members while they were trying to catch a bull who had escaped from their locality last night.After this, one youth was attacked with a sharp weapon that \"provoked\" the other group which indulged in stone pelting.Efforts were on to nab the trouble-makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946698", "title": "DNA of stratosphere bacterium decoded", "text": "PUNE: Scientists at the city-based National Center for Cell Science recently completed the DNA decoding of Janibacter hoylei, a bacterium that was discovered in the upper stratosphere in 2009. Researchers have been able to identify the complete set of the bacterium's DNA, or its genome sequence, which will help them in understanding the genetic basis for its adaptation to its distinctive habitat and the reason for its survival in the harsh conditions of the stratosphere. The genome sequence may also be able to tell scientists about the possible existence of life in other planets, including Mars.Genome refers to the complete set of DNA of the bacterium or the entirety of its hereditary information. Yogesh Shouche, principal investigator of microbial culture collection, National Center for Cell Science (NCCS), said, \"The genome sequence will help us understand how the bacterium can survive in such unfavourable and extreme conditions of the stratosphere where there is no oxygen, high-level of ultra-violet radiation, absence of moisture and absolute vacuum. Since the bacterium has been isolated from the stratosphere, its genome sequence may also be able to tell us about the possible origin and existence of life on other planets, including Mars.\"Shouche said the strategies used by the organism to survive under such harsh conditions will primarily help scientists in their efforts towards understanding the existence of life on other planets. Further, it is by knowing the organism's gene type that researchers will be able to determine its strategy to survive in the atmospheric layer which is 41.4 km above the earth's surface.Scientist Dhiraj Dhotre and technical officer Shrikant Pawar were also part of the team that undertook the genome sequencing. Dhotre said, \"The genome sequencing revealed that the organism has 70 genes, which are responsible for its DNA repair and 54 genes contributing to its stress response. These genes get damaged due to the exposure to the high UV radiation in the stratosphere. But the organism has its own strategy to repair the damaged DNA and, thus, survive. Also, the 54 genes for stress response help the organism survive in stressful or extreme conditions such as very high or low temperature, absence of oxygen, UV radiation, osmotic stress, oxidative stress, cold shock, heat shock, toxic compounds and even desiccation.\"Dhotre said the next step for scientists is to understand the function of each and every gene, how it helps the organism to survive and how different it is from the genes found in organisms on earth.Shouche said organisms surviving in the extreme conditions of the stratosphere are rare. \"So far, five organisms have been isolated from the stratosphere by scientists at Indian Space Research Organisation, Center for Cellular and Molecular Biology, Hyderabad, and NCCS. However, four of these organisms showed some relation with organisms found on earth. The Janibacter hoylei, however, is very different in terms of DNA sequence similarity,\" said Shouche.Pawar said the Janibacter group of organisms contains six species. \"All the species have been isolated from different ecological niches, ranging from polluted environment, oriental melon, sludge, corals to insect gut. Janibacter hoylei was, however, isolated from the stratospheric air at an altitude of 41.4 km over Hyderabad. Air samples at high altitude were collected using 26.7 million cubic foot balloon flown in the air.The research paper on the genome sequencing of Janibacter hoylei was recently accepted by US-based Journal of Bacteriology (JB). The work has been funded by Department of Biotechnology, Government of India, and Microbial Culture Collection project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16944983", "title": "Saina Nehwal survives scare in first round of French Open", "text": "HYDERABAD: Top seed Saina Nehwal survived a mighty scare before winning against a little-known Chinese player 21-11, 16-21, 21-19 in the first round of the French Open Super Series in Paris on Wednesday.Fresh from her triumph at the Denmark Open on Sunday, the Indian ace was expected to run through Li Han, the 23rd ranked shuttler. But Li stretched Saina to three games and pressed hard till 19-19 in the decider before the experienced Indian managed two points to win the match.Saina will now meet world No. 27 Sapsiree Taerattanachai of Thailand in the second round on Thursday. Saina enjoys a 2-0 career record against Sapsiree.Ajay Jayaram also advanced to the men's singles second round with an impressive 21-16, 21-17 against Suppanyu Avihingsanon of Thailand. On Thursday, Jayaram will face the winner of the match between Takuma Ueda of Japan and Peter Gade of Denmark.Former national champion Sourabh Varma, who stunned Gade last week, failed to repeat the magic here. Varma lost to Sony Dwi Kuncoro of Indonesia 20-22, 16-21. Incidentally, Varma had lost to the same opponent last week also.Commonwealth Games women's doubles gold medallist Ashwini Ponnappa's first round woes in mixed doubles continued as she and Tarun Kona suffered a 18-21, 15-21 loss against Patiphat Chalardchaleam and Savitree Amitrapai of Thailand in 36 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16946191", "title": "10-day session in Suvarna Soudha: CM", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said here on Tuesday that a 10-day assembly session will be held in the Suvarna Soudha in Belgaum in November or in the first week of December.Speaking to the reporters after inaugurating 'Jnana Mandir' at Moorusaviramath, Shettar said that the government was concentrating on education field to improve it. At a cabinet meeting held in Gulbarga recently, the government took some important decisions which would help the development of this region. One of the decisions was opening of medical colleges in areas where there are no medical colleges in the region.The government also has concern for the development of industries in north Karnataka, he said and added that big companies will establish their units in this part in the days to come. Shettar also announced Rs 2 crore for the construction of Yatri Nivas and Sabha Bhavan in Moorusaviramath. MLC Vijay Sankeshwar presided. MLCs Mohan Limbikai, Basavaraj Horrati and Veeranna Mattikatti were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945432", "title": "Transport undertaking hopes for the BEST", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST, which is now teaming up with the civic body to plan out four Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) routes for the city, had in the past attended several meetings conducted by the MMRDA on the same issue. However, except for putting plans on paper, no significant headway was made.\"We just hope all goes well this time,\" said a senior BEST official. BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta has been repeatedly saying that his team is ready to launch BRTS on a short notice provided the infrastructure is in place. Sources said the BEST will have to purchase a new fleet of 800 to 1,000 buses to implement BRTS. Gupta plans to use buses that are currently running on fast-track corridors for BRTS. Some of the AC buses (of a fleet of 272) may also be deployed, sources said.A senior official from BEST's transport wing said, \"For BRTS to be implemented in Mumbai, dedicated lanes must come up on roads, locations of bus stops must be decided and better regulation by traffic police and transport department.\"\"As the number of passengers will increase once the BRTS is implemented, the BEST will have to create more feeder services outside suburban, Metro and monorail stations,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946523", "title": "Naomi Campbell to host birthday bash for boyfriend in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: British supermodel Naomi Campbell will be in Jaipur along with her billionaire boyfriend Vladimir Doronin whom she was dating for almost four years. According to sources, she is planning a lavish Indian birthday party for her boyfriend, who will turn 50 on November 4. A number of celebrities from the fashion and film world are likely to participate in the four-day grand celebrations that will take place at various locations in Jaipur and also at an Agra-based 7-star hotel.The picture perfect locales of Rajasthan have played perfect host to celebrities like Arun Nayyar &amp; Liz Hurley , Ketty Perry &amp; Russell Brand , who tied the knot in Jodhpur and Sawai Madhopur respectively.According to sources in hospitality industry , the four-day celebrations of Vladimir's birthday would take place at different locations including a historic palace in Jaipur.It is learnt that a 7-star hotel will take care of nearly 50 guests who will participate in the gala evening. It is the same hotel where Indian celebrities including the newly wed Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor , Amitabh Bachchan and Sachin Tendulkar always preferred whenever they opted for a peaceful and 'do-not-disturb-stay'.\"They have also had booking at a leading 5-star hotel in Jaipur and also opted for a 7-star hotel situated on the Jaipur-Agra road in the city,\" said a leading travel agent.Naomi had asked the event managers to organize it in such a manner that guests should not be haunted by the British paparazzi, said sources. \"Naomi is flying a lot of people to India and paying for everything from boarding, lodging, food and parties,\" a source said.It was learnt that the supermodel has already sent e-mail invitations.Campbell is believed to have been helped to organize the festivities by Paris-based travel expert Omar Cherif, who owns OC Travel. \"Naomi's team is even helping her friends secure visas. It will be the party of the century,\" another source said.The couple has been dating since 2008 and in 2010 Vladimir also threw a lavish birthday party on the French Riviera on her 40th birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16944958", "title": "Tourists have to wait as forest department ropes in local community to run tiger reserves", "text": "COIMBATORE: As the Supreme Court has directed that all tourism activities in tiger reserves be strictly in accordance with the notification on tiger conservation issued by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) last week, with the active involvement of traditional forest dwellers, authorities of three tiger reserves in Tamil Nadu have started probing steps to initiate community-based eco-tourism to ensure economic benefits to various aborigine communities which live in the peripheries of the reserves.As a first step, officials of Anamalai Tiger Reserve led by Field Director Rajeev Sreevastava, have visited the adjoining Parambikulam Tiger Reserve and collected details of the participatory forest management being practiced there with the involvement of tribals. Field directors of Mudumalai and Kalakkad Mudanthurai have also been directed to visit various reserves in the neighbouring states to study the way the community is involved in tourism activities.Sreevastava said he visited Parambikulam as part of a joint border inspection to study facilities there. I have congratulated them for the commendable work being undertaken there,'' he said. However, Sreevastava denied newspaper reports that all three tiger reserves in Tamil Nadu and Parambikulam in Kerala would be reopened for tourists next week. This is not possible. We have to adhere to the Supreme Court order in letter and spirit. It involves a time-consuming process to earmark 20 percent of the reserves for tourism and operate activities in a way benefiting forest dwellers and not impacting wild animals,'' he said.Nature lovers will have to wait for a few more weeks to gain entry into the permissible parts of Mudumalai, Anamalai and Kalakkad Mudanthurai tiger reserves in Tamil Nadu. Apart from identifying 20 percent area for tourism, chief wildlife wardens and field directors of the reserves have to work out the \"site-specific carrying capacity\" of each reserve before opening it up to visitors.The task is more complex for forest authorities due to the stringent regulations for tourism within the reserves while allowing \"ecologically sustainable and nature-friendly tourism\" in 20% of the core areas. The guidelines warn against allowing \"mass tourism\" in tiger reserves and calls for tourist activities that will ensure \"sustainable, equitable and community-based efforts that will improve the living standards of local, host communities living on the fringes of reserves. Without implementing these provisions, how we can allow tourism,'' asks Sreevastava.The guidelines have also refused expansion of infrastructure for tourism in the core and critical tiger habitats. \"The buffer forest areas should be developed as wildlife habitats with the active involvement of local people living in such areas,\" it says. The areas in which the local population, especially traditional forest dwellers could be involved is in the management of low cost accommodation for tourists, providing guide services, providing sale outlets and managing excursions. The guidelines also stress involvement of Panchayati Raj institutions in running tiger safaris and interpretation centres in buffer zones. In Tamil Nadu, these elected bodies never had a role in eco-tourism.According to Sreevastava, the focus now is on replicating the eco-development societies of tribals in Parambikulam in all the reserves in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16946631", "title": "RTE deadline nears, most schools shy away", "text": "BANGALORE: It's about schools, government and the poor children caught in between them. With only a week left for schools to get registered under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, most of them are still shying away.Sample this: Out of the 1,000 schools in Bangalore North, only 375 have approached the department to be recognized under the RTE. Similarly out of the 270 schools in Bangalore rural, only 81 private schools have volunteered to register.\"The registration is under process and we are hoping that all schools will register by October 31, 2012. Our BEOs are keeping track of the registered and unregistered schools and action will be taken against those who fail to register by October 31. We are doubtful about the schools which refused to take RTE students for the academic year 2012-13. We are keeping an eye on such schools,\" official sources told TOI.For the schools, there are one too many issues to be sorted out, like free reimbursement, uniforms and so on. \"By this time, we were expecting all schools to get registered under RTE. But only 81 private schools have registered. We have issued notices to all schools to comply with the order,'' said HV Venkateshappa, DDPI, Bangalore rural.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bagalkott", "code": "16946657", "title": "Techie dies as chariot topples in Mudhol taluk", "text": "BAGALKOTt: One person was killed and six seriously injured when a chariot toppled over at Lokapur town, 55km from here, in Mudhol taluk on Wednesday afternoon.Bangalore-based software engineer Vitthal Babalad, 36, who hails from Lokapur town, belongs to the priestly family and sustained serious injuries when the chariot fell on him. He died when he was being shifted to the Bagalkot Hospital. The injured persons were admitted to the Bagalkot District Hospital for treatment.A 35-foot-high wooden chariot was being taken around the main street during the Dasara festival. It contained the idol of Lord Venkateshwara. The ritual was conducted by the Ventakeshwara temple, during which over 2,000 devotees participated.The procession began from the temple and while returning to it, the incident occurred in Desai Galli. When the chariot entered the narrow street, the left wheel slid into the gutter. Devotees panicked in fear and some were injured in the stampede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16954179", "title": "Jeevan ousts Rungkat, to meet Raja in semis of ITF meet", "text": "MUMBAI: Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan continued his good run after clinching the men's title in the senior nationals as he entered the semifinals of the USD 15,000 CCI-ITF Futures tennis tournament.The left-handed player, seeded 6 and ranked 400 in the world, got past Indonesian No. 1 and Davis Cupper Christopher Rungkat, seeded no 2 here and ranked 303, 7-6 (2) 6-2 in the quarters to earn a meeting in the semis against compatriot Purav Raja.Raja, a wild card, continued his sensational run by entering the last four after shutting out James Marsalek of Great Britan, who had shocked Indian No. 3 seed Sriram Balaji in the pre-quarters yesterday, in straight sets (6-3 6-4) in 90 minutes.The other semifinal will be between Croatian Mate Pavic, conqueror of top seeded Indian Davis Cupper J Vishnu Vardhan (who pulled out after losing the opening set) yesterday, and Taipei's No. 4 seed Liang-chi Huang.Pavic sent eighth seeded Indian rival Ranjeet Virali- Murugesan packing 7-6 (2) 6-1 in five minutes under two hours, while Huang defeated Nicholas Reissig of Austria 4-6 6-1 6-2 in an hour and 24 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16945620", "title": "Guidelines for school buses tough", "text": "COIMBATORE: The recent directions of the state transport department on the guideline regarding school buses are too hard to be complied with, say school managements. After a 6-year-old student died slipping through a hole in a moving school bus on July 25, the state transport department had come up with specifications on school buses and vans.As per the guideline, the school bus window should be 55cm X 70cm. The emergency exit should be 150cmX120cm. Moreover, they are asked to comply with the new specifications within three months. Meanwhile, the Fitness Certificates of the buses which have already expired are not being renewed due to non-compliance with new guidelines. The footboards have to be not more than one foot from the ground level. Moreover, there should be an attendant apart from the driver, who should be between 21 and 50 years of age. He should also have passed conductor's license.Managements say that many of these instructions are difficult to be complied with. R Visalakshi, president of Association of Private Schools, Coimbatore, said \"None of the buses and vans have doors and windows as per the requirement.\"To achieve this, they will have to rework the entire vehicle, which is expensive and time consuming, she says.At the same time, senior officials at the transport department say that there is no possibility of the government revoking the instructions. \"These guidelines are necessary to maintain the security of the vehicles,\" says a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946462", "title": "Students to meet PM for nomination to Panjab University senate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University students have decided to leave no stone unturned to get an 'official place' in the university senate.A list of nominated members of the new senate, highest governing body of university, is expected to be sent by chancellor Hamid Ansari shortly. The incumbent student council members had recently met Ansari and have now fixed a meeting with the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh \"to push representation of student council president in the PU senate\".The student group argues that while all other representatives or presidents of various unions of PU, including teaching and non-teaching staff, are members of the PU senate, student council president does not get any say in crucial matters on the varsity. \"We will be meeting prime minister in a day or so to bring this to his notice since he has been closely associated with PU. The student council president must get a place in the senate,\" says Manoj Lubana, a student leader from SOPU.\"We have been demanding the inclusion of council president as a formal member. We expect a positive response from the chancellor,\" he adds.While the university and its senior administrative officials have been mum on the issue, the students have been meeting political figures and alumni asking help on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950790", "title": "Samantha confirmed for Pawan Kalyan\u2019s next", "text": "After a lot of dilly dallying, looks like Samantha's name has been finalized for Pawan Kalyan's next film to be directed by Trivikram Srinivas. Although Nithya Menen's name was also under consideration, production house confirms that it's Samantha who would be sharing screen space with powerstar.BVSN Prasad is producing this film under his Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra banner. The untitled film is likely to go on floors from November. Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music and grapevine has it that the movie is going to be a family entertainer laced with Trivikram style comedy. Trivikram and Pawan Kalyan earlier worked together for Jalsa (2008), which was a good hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "16952576", "title": "Bhullar sizzles with six-under 65; Tiger cards 66", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: Gaganjeet Bhullar, who has bagged two titles in the last six weeks, on Thursday showed why he is currently Asia's hottest golfer as he carded a stunning six-under 65 on the opening day of the star-studded CIMB Classic.Bhullar's 65 was one better than 14-time Major winner, Tiger Woods (66). The Indian was two shots behind leader Troy Matteson of the US who carded 63, to be at tied fifth.Woods was hot on the back nine with five-under 31 after a modest even par front nine.Anirban Lahiri, India's other big hope, shot even par 71 with five birdies, three bogeys and a double to be tied 38th.Bhullar riding a purple streak of birdie-birdie-par-eagle from 14th to 17th was four-under 32 for the back nine, after being two-under 33 for the first stretch at the Mines Resort and Golf Club.He sank an eagle and five birdies in the $6.1 million tournament sanctioned by the Asian Tour and PGA Tour.Bhullar nearly matched playing partner Robert Garrigus of the United States , who returned a superb 64.\"This is my first visit to the CIMB (Classic)...I have been wanting to play in this event. It is my pleasure to be in the part of the field where Tiger Woods is playing.\"We just enjoyed our 18 holes. He (Garrigus) shot a good round today, and I also played good. I'm looking forward to the next three days,\" said Bhullar.Bhullar made three birdies through eight holes before dropping his lone bogey of the day on nine. On the inward stretch, he struck a hot streak from the 14th hole when he nailed two birdies before rolling in a snaky 15-foot eagle putt on 17.\"Trust me, that was a killer putt. That's probably the best putt of this season. I never expected it to break so much from the right, and first when I hit it, I thought I might be missing from the right. But it just died out in the hole.\"With fellow Asian Tour colleagues Danny Chia and Jbe Kruger of South Africa, who also shot a 66, starting well, Bhullar is not discounting an Asian winner emerging at the CIMB Classic.The first two editions saw Americans Ben Crane and Bo Van Pelt winning the tournament.\"All these PGA Tour guys, they have made a name for themselves, and it is our pleasure to go out with these guys and to play well. I think the Asian Tour is moving ahead. We are going in a positive direction. You never know this week, it could be an Asian Tour player's week,\" said Bhullar.The slightly built Kruger was seven under for the day with one hole to play but came back down the field with an unfortunate double bogey six on the last. His consolation though is that he earned a pairing with Woods for tomorrow's second round.\"I actually bent my eight iron on the fourth hole and I had a flier lie, so I couldn't use a nine iron on 18 as I couldn't get there. I couldn't hit a seven iron. I needed eight iron, and it's bent so I can't use it. And then I compensated a little, hit it in the bunker and didn't hit a very good shot and missed the putt.\"I think I can definitely go lower than I went today, but I can't really hit it a lot better than that.\"Danny Chia raised local cheers with a bogey-free 66 as he ended the day in joint seventh position alongside, amongst others, Woods, who needed a back nine charge to haul himself into the tournament.Chia, who finished tied 13th in last year's CIMB Classic, was rock solid as he racked up five birdies on the card. He felt jittery arriving at the Mines Resort in the morning but after a solid opening tee shot, Chia played flawlessly.Current Asian Tour Order of Merit leader Thaworn Wiratchant of Thailand scrambled to a 72 in a round that included four birdies, three bogeys and one double bogey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952978", "title": "Robert Pattinson hates 'R-Patz' nickname", "text": "Robert Pattinson has revealed that he hates being called R-Patz, insisting that he wants to \"break the hands\" of the person who came up with the moniker.The 'Twilight' heartthrob has been known by the nickname for several years, but he has never liked it and would like to injure the person who came up with the name.''I would like to break the hands and mouth of the person who came up with it,\" Contactmusic quoted the 26-year-old actor as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945585", "title": "Delhi transport department to get new centre for pollution check", "text": "NEW DELHI: The problem of polluting commercial vehicles breaking down on Delhi roads will finally be addressed now. The transport department, which at present operates only one centre in Burari for pollution check of commercial vehicles, will soon get centre another at Najafgarh. The centre, which will be run by the ministry of road transport and highways for the first two years, will have a new inspection system.\"The new centre will come up at Jhuljhuli village in Najafgarh at a cost of Rs 14 crore,\" said a senior government official.The new centre, work on which has already started, will be ready within the year, said sources. \"For the first two years, the centre will be managed by the ministry, which will also train Delhi government officials to operate the new machines. After that, the centre will be handed over to the transport department,\" said a source. The centre will come up on a sprawling three-acre campus, added the official, and will have four test lanes besides state-of-the-art machinery for inspection of vehicles.The Burari centre is used by all commercial vehicles, leading to long waits and allegations of rampant corruption. Instances of vehicles breaking down on roads despite valid fitness certificates, leading to traffic jams, is common in the city. Commercial vehicles need to renew their fitness certificates every year.With over 65 lakh registered vehicles in the city, of which around 60% are commercial, the pressure on the Burari centre is immense, admit government officials. \"Over 400 vehicles come for inspection at the Burari centre every day,\" added the official. The start of the new centre will allow better inspection modules, said the official.The government is planning another fitness inspection centre for south Delhi, said the official. \"The government is also planning to increase the ambit of fitness certificates to private vehicles soon as well,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946335", "title": "We will leave city: Ugandan duo", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the nightmare that struck them on Tuesday continues to haunt them, two Ugandan students \u2014 who were chased, abused and attacked in Sector 40 around 2.30am \u2014 have decided to leave their courses in between and return to their country.The woman who was molested and her friend who suffered a fracture on his arm said they faced harassment almost every day in the city.Recalling the incident, Hamis Mutebi, 25, a Sector 40 resident who is pursuing MSc (information technology) from PTU, said, \"It was a horrible time... the two tipsy youths passed nasty remarks at us. They shouted at us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16945259", "title": "Australian found dead at Arpora", "text": "MAPUSA: An Australian national, Domonikus Hengsterger, 40, was found dead at an Arpora-based guesthouse on Tuesday. As of now, the police have ruled out foul play.Hengsterger, who had arrived in Goa some days ago with friends, had complained of uneasiness and his friends had called a doctor to examine him. He died on the way to the hospital. There were no injury marks on his body, police said.The police conducted an inquest panchanama and the body is being preserved at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital morgue at Bambolim for a postmortem inquiry. A case of unnatural death has been registered. PSI Videsh Pilgaonkar is conducting the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16947181", "title": "From Rs 1lakh to Rs 1 crore policy for Virbhadra, wife", "text": "SHIMLA: Former Himachal Pradesh chief minister Virbhadra Singh's interest in purchasing LIC policies - that are at the heart of the controversy following allegations of money laundering levelled against him by the BJP - bear an interesting pattern over the past 10 years.Just before the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, the 78-year-old state Congress chief had only two LIC policies for himself, each with a premium amount barely one-hundredth of that he paid for the new policies worth crores after he became the then Union minister of steel.Out of his two previous policies, the one bearing number 111305787, that commenced on July 25, 1991, had a small annual premium amount of just Rs 1.20 lakh - the highest he paid for any policy for himself till 2009, according to his affidavits available with TOI.However, ageing Singh showed a remarkable interest in a policy - Jeevan Akshay -which is recommended by LIC for people of 30-50 age group.For the Jeevan Akshay policy, Singh readily forked out Rs 1 crore as a single premium amount on March 27, 2010. Singh had become the Union minister for steel on May 28, 2009.Just seven months after this, Singh had bought his other policy called LIC Market Plus - sold by the company for much younger customers, beginning at the age of 18 - for Rs 50 lakh on December 31.BJP has now alleged that both his policies were bought with a single premium and around the same time when documents recovered by a steel company show an entry \"VBS\". They pointed out that according to the same documents, Rs 50 lakh was paid on December 23, 2009, which is six days before Singh purchased his first policy.His two earlier policies, which are yet to expire, are still running with an annual premium.During Virbhadra's tenure as Union steel minister, between 2009 and 2012, a similar trend is seen in his wife's LIC policies, which have shot up from one in 2007 to five in 2012. Before this period, her earlier policy had a premium of only for Rs 1,92,947.By mid 2010, even she had purchased the same two policies - Market Plus worth Rs 50 lakh on February 26, 2010 and Jeevan Akshay worth Rs 1 crore in March 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16947477", "title": "Delayed treatment for swine flu can lead to death, says study", "text": "PUNE: An analysis of the swine flu deaths in the city this year shows that, besides associated illnesses, delayed treatment is also a prominent cause of the casualties.At least 25 people have died of swine flu in the city since April this year. Among them, 12 had underlying medical conditions. In seven cases, there was a delay in seeking medical advice which led to fast deterioration in the condition of the patients, the report says.\"Among those who died of swine flu this year, a considerable number had not taken treatment in time. This led to worsening of their condition,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Pardeshi added, \"Swine flu belongs to the non-lethal category of infections and is not life-threatening in most cases. It may be dangerous to those who are suffering from chronic disease of the lungs or heart. However, delay in treatment may let the opportunity to control the disease slip out of hands.\"According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), doctors should give antiviral drugs to pregnant women , young children and other atrisk groups as soon as they show clinical symptoms of swine flu to prevent serious complications.\"This also holds for otherwise healthy people who show progressive symptoms such as breathing difficulty or persistent high fever,\" said Shyam Satpute, assistant medical officer of health and in charge of the swine flu cell at PMC.Family physician Radheshyam Lahoti said, \"First 48 hours of illness are considered crucial for stopping the virus from causing serious harm, but antiviral treatment can be helpful even after that period.\"Risk factors that warrant early medication include pregnancy, obesity , asthma and a weakened immune system. WHO estimates that one in 25 people in the developing world belongs to these risk groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16945347", "title": "Duleep Trophy: Late scalps keep East Zone in the game", "text": "CHENNAI: Left-arm spinner Iresh Saxena grabbed two late wickets to give holders East Zone a fighting chance of battling on for first innings honours against Central going into the final day of the rain-affected Duleep Trophy final.Iresh Saxena dismissed Vineet Saxena (22) to break a crucial opening-wicket stand of 68 and then sent back the experienced Mohd Kaif leg-before for two in the last over on the rain-hit fourth day's play at the Chidambaram Stadium on Wednesday.At stumps, Central were 74/2 with left-handed opener Tanmay Srivastava batting on a gritty 46, still needing another 159 runs with eight wickets in hand for the first innings lead that will allow them to wrest the silverware after a gap of seven seasons.Only 34 overs of play was possible following overnight showers and Central's openers batted purposefully as they moved ahead with caution on a slow pitch that offered grip to spinners after resuming on 12/0.Although there is the possibility of further showers, Central have an additional day's play to fall back on after the technical committee of the BCCI proposed a sixth day's play in knock-out games of the domestic competitions this year to reduce the impact of the toss as well as encourage evenly-fought contests.Brief Scores: East Zone 232 vs Central Zone 74/2 in 36 overs (T Srivastava batting 46; Iresh Saxena 2/23)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16949687", "title": "Over Rs 4 crore sanctioned for cleaning famous Ooty lake", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government on Thursday sanctioned a sum of over Rs four crore towards cleaning of the famous 19th Century Ooty lake in Udhagamandalam, besides forming a task force under the district collector to oversee its maintenance.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa approved Rs 4.27 crore for the 20-hectare popular tourist destination in the hill district of Nilgiris, a state government release here said.Created by the British in the 19th Century, the lake is facing problems, including growth of excessive water hyacinth and pollution due to untreated water mixing with it, thus affecting tourists. Following directives of the chief minister,works including desilting of the Kodappamanthu canal which brings water to the lake, upgrading facilities at the water treatment plant and scientific cleaning operations would be taken up, it said.The Udhagamandalam Municipality has been directed by Jayalalithaa to give more than 6,700 homes and commercial establishments sewerage connections within three months. Further, the District collector will head a task force of officials from PWD, Municipal Administration, TNPCB, Tourism and Forest departments besides elected respresentatives to oversee the maintenance of the lake, it said. Government will provide Rs 50 lakh while Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation will share a similar amount for the creation of a fund,it said,adding the latter had been directed to allocate Rs 25 lakh annually for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16944938", "title": "CM develops cold feet on Bandra-Kurla Complex move", "text": "MUMBAI: Less than 24 hours after approving a proposal regarding relaxation in norms for development of plots leased by the MMRDA in the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) and certain other areas in Mumbai, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has reversed it.At the MMRDA meeting presided over by Chavan on Monday, a proposal to relax the time period for development of plots from four to six years was approved. Following allegations that the decision would lead to a loss of revenue to the MMRDA and benefit certain businessmen, Chavan stayed it on Tuesday.In a faxed communication to metropolitan commissioner Rahul Asthana, Chavan said that the \"decision must be kept in abeyance and reconsidered at the next MMRDA meeting\".\"Questions have been raised regarding benefits to certain leaseholders. I have asked the MMRDA to reexamine the proposal,\" Chavan told TOI on Wednesday.On Tuesday, TOI had reported how Reliance Infrastructure Limited (RIL) and other leaseholders might benefit from the move. Current norms require private leaseholders to pay a penalty of 10% of the auctioned price for failure to honour the four-year period. The MMRDA can also forfeit the lease and retain 25% of the auctioned price. The proposal approved on Monday and later stayed was for extension of the period to six years. The RIL, which has been allotted a 75,000 sq m plot in BKC for a convention-cum-exhibition centre and a commercial complex, is nearing the four-year deadline. Having dragged to court over the plot, it is yet to start construction and is certain to miss the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16950219", "title": "Village woman uses web portal to protest \"dress code\" imposed by caste leaders", "text": "RAIPUR: A powerful Other Backward Classes (OBC) community in Chhattisgarh has imposed a 'dress code' on women to force them to wear saris in a particular way in the village of Panditarai in Ambagarh Chowki block in Rajnandgaon district, sparking protests from the females.The issue came to light after a woman, who identified herself as Jayanti, raised the issue through \" CGNet Swara\", a voice-based portal, freely accessible via mobile phone, which allows anyone to report and listen to stories of local interest.\"Local Sahu community has imposed a dress code for women. Anyone disobeying the code will have to pay a fine of Rs 501 as punishment,\" Jayanti pointed out expressing her protest over the local community leaders decision to impose the dress code.Jayanti told TOI over telephone that the local Sahu caste leaders convened a meeting of men and conveyed that all women folk must wear sari in traditional form in which the \"pallu\" should be on the right shoulder, fully covering the naval portion. She said the local caste leaders were now exerting pressure on men to force women to follow what they term as an age-old tradition of the community. \"I have no idea about such diktat. Sahus belong to a progressive community which believes in women's freedom and their right to choose their dress,\" Community's Rajnandgaon district president Moti Sahu told TOI over telephone.Sahu Samaj state vice-president Shantanu Sahu said they were not aware about any such diktat by the local leaders in the village and would certainly inquire into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16946654", "title": "Drunk cop's SUV hits car, spat beamed live on TV", "text": "BANGALORE: A reserve police constable was arrested for driving an SUV under the influence of alcohol and allegedly ramming a car before assaulting its driver in Basavanagudi on Tuesday night.An SUV rammed social worker Muniraju's car near Bull Temple Road Junction. He got down from his car and a heated exchange followed with the SUV's driver who responded with threats when Muniraju asked him to pay for the vehicle damages. The SUV driver, who claimed to be a policeman, was drunk, alleged Muniraju, who alerted TV news channels.Mediapersons landed on the spot and the spat between Muniraju and SUV driver was beamed live on some channels. Basavanagudi traffic police arrested the SUV driver NG Devarajan, a constable with the 9th Batallion of the Karnataka State Reserve Police.After medical tests confirmed the presence of blood in Devarajan's blood beyond permissible limits, the constable was arrested for drunken and reckless driving. The driving licence of Devarajan, who is out on bail, was confiscated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945491", "title": "Flats for tsunami victims lie vacant", "text": "KOCHI: Revenue officials in Ernakulam district are now seeking people to occupy the apartments that have been constructed as part of the tsunami rehabilitation project in Nayarambalam panchayat. Most of those who had originally applied for these flats constructed in Kadappuram ward of the panchayat have rejected the offer as they would have to part with the land they now own in case they occupy these flats.As repeated efforts to identify beneficiaries failed, the district administration on Saturday issued an order authorizing revenue officials to find beneficiaries from the neighbouring panchayats.\"People are not ready to part with their land near the sea. It is for rehabilitating those living close to the sea that the government constructed these apartments. So now, we will have to seek applicants from neighbouring panchayats,\" said P I Sheik Pareeth, the district collector.\"According to the guidelines, applications can also be invited from the neighbouring panchayats that were affected by the tsunami,\" he said.Once they move into these apartments, they will not be allowed to take up any kind of construction activities in the land they own. It will continue to remain in their possession, but they cannot sell it.\"Many of the applicants are living as joint families. In my case, the owner of the land is my father.All of us, including two married siblings, are living in the house on our land. So, we can't forgo our land and house for a tiny apartment,\" said Anil, son of Pushkaran, Vadakkedath.Sixty six families, including those living in rented houses, had submitted application for 18 apartments constructed in Kadappuram. It is up to the panchayat authorities to prepare the list of beneficiaries for the project.\"As the applicants are not ready to accept the conditions, the district collector convened a meeting in August. It was decided to invite fresh applications without diluting the terms and conditions. Even then the response was not encouraging,\" said Taji Roy, president, Nayarambalam grama panchayat.\"Some of the applicants do not possess land at all. One of the applicants has been living in a rented house for the last 29 years. But the norms do not allow us to allot apartments to them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950996", "title": "Britney's dad threatened to kill me: ex manager", "text": "Britney Spears' former manager Sam Lutfi has claimed that the singer's dad once threatened to kill him.Lutfi, who is suing Spears' parents for defamation, testified Wednesday while they watched from across the courtroom.He described a scene of domestic warfare with the singer's father chasing him around a kitchen, punching him and threatening his life.He denied accusations made in a book by Lynne Spears that he was a Svengali who took over her daughter's life.Lutfi told of days leading to Spears' hospitalization at a psychiatric unit, and jurors saw a video of the popstar ordering him around outside her home hours before she was taken away.She was demanding that he let her drive her car and told him to get in the passenger seat. The scene outside her home was surreal, with TV lights and paparazzi surrounding her.Lutfi said Spears feared her father Jamie, and fled her home when she heard he was coming.Lutfi said that the dad confronted him twice and punched him on the second visit.\"Jamie came barging into the house. He lunged at me and chased me around the kitchen island,\" Fox News quoted him as saying.\"He was spitting, yelling, shouting at me, and said I had hurt his daughter and he was going to beat the hell out of me and I'd better get out of the house,\" he said.After 10 minutes, he said, Jamie was escorted out by security guards, but the next morning, he got into the house again and the battle resumed.\"He cornered me in the kitchen, punched me in the solar plexus and threatened to kill me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951805", "title": "First look of Gautham\u2019s new film Basanthi", "text": "The first look poster of Gautham's (Brahmanandam's son) new movie Basanthi has been released on the occasion of actor's wedding ceremony on Oct 24, 2012. Dantuluri Chaitanya, who earlier made Banam with Nara Rohit, is directing the film and Mani Sharma is scoring the music.Gautham, who is yet to taste success in Tollywood after starring in his earlier two projects, is looking for some respite. Let's hope Gautham finds his feet in Tollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "16954093", "title": "Software engineer Bhuvesh released from Pakistan jail", "text": "ATTARI: The agonizing eight year wait of hapless mother Hansa Kantilal Parmar came to an end after she embraced her software engineer son Bhavesh Parmar Kantilal, a Mumbai based software engineer who was repatriated by Pakistan on completion of his sentence on Friday via Attari border.\"Mamma mil gayee\" all Bhavesh had to say during emotional reunion with his mother in front of media limelight. Hansa Parmar was accompanied by Congress MLA from Mumbai Krishan Hegde. Reportedly in fit of depression Bhavesh had boarded Samjhauta Express from Amritsar in 2005 and was arrested in Pakistan but Hansa Parmar came to know about whereabouts of his son only in 2008 when she was approached by sleuths of intelligence .Wearing salwar kameej and supporting red jacket , Bhavesh told that he had mistakenly boarded the Samjhauta Express from Amritsar and had fainted before reaching Pakistan . He said he used to communicate with his mother through letters. Wearing a composed look he informed that he was treated well by the jail staff in Pakistan .\"Achha lagta hai ghar jana\" (It is a good feeling to go home) \" he said.Showering her blessings upon her son, Hansa said \"These tears are of happiness, I have finally met my son\". However gripped with fears of mental status of her son Hansa Parmar said she was worried about his son and would get to know his exact mental condition only after medical examination.\"I am happy that I have met my son after 7 years but I wish Pakistan had deported him immediately after his arrest since he was innocent\"she said.Thirty two year old Bhavesh, resident of Vile Parle , worked in a multinational company when his father was diagnosed with cancer. Hansa informed that Bhavesh resigned after his company refused to grant him leave. \"Bhavesh was dedicated to his father's treatment but he passed away in three months time\" said she adding that after loosing both job and father Bhavesh went into severe depression. As par local traditions, Hansa went to her parents house after death of her husband .\"I had told my neighbourers to take care of Bhavesh but one day I was informed that none of the light of house was switched on so I came back but didn't find Bhavesh\" said she adding that she didn't lodge missing FIR for his son as she had thought that he might had gone in search of another job. And there was immense support pouring in for the release of Bhavesh when his case was revealed .UK based advocate Jes Uppal had reported Bhavesh's case to the UN, Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and to Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hedge who had been working for the repatriation of Bhavesh. In July 2012, Pakistani advocate Awais Shikh had met Bhavesh in Kot Lakhpat jail and had obtained his signature to file mercy petition with President of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari.Hegde said they would take Bhavesh to Mumbai on Friday night after completion of formalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16946623", "title": "By tomorrow, situation will be under control: Goel", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 15,000 tonnes of garbage are rotting on the streets. The short-term solutions are just not working. There are no-long term solutions in sight. It's never been this worse in Bangalore. TOI grills BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel for answers.Why has BBMP failed to evolve a long-term strategy for garbage? Every time Mandur protests, Bangalore get dirty.I admit this is an alarm bell for Bangalore. The lesson is that a landfill is not an answer anymore. Now that we have three months, we have begun evolving a long-term strategy. The blueprint will be ready for discussion at the BBMP council meeting on October 30. I'll discuss it with corporators and set it in motion.Has segregation not worked as planned? There is mixed waste everywhere.I won't blame Bangaloreans. Some have been diligently segregating waste since October 1. But somewhere, we at BBMP were not ready to operationalize it. Citizens are doing their bit. Segregation is happening and it must happen. That's the only solution. We have to be self-reliant and manage our waste. There's no other go.But Bangaloreans are coping up with stench. The piled-up garbage is a huge health hazard...By Friday, the situation will be under control. We've deployed more trucks and JCBs to remove the garbage. The CM is also monitoring the situation and has approved additional staff to tackle the crisis. We are in talks with companies for scientific waste disposal. In two weeks, we need to be prepared for Diwali. But I know Bangaloreans will cooperate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945092", "title": "TYBCom college \u2018toppers\u2019 trip up in university exam", "text": "MUMBAI: A student who took the TYBCom exam in March scored 39 out of 40 marks in his internal test and five out of 60 in the university exam. This anomaly in scores is not exclusive to this candidate.Many who excelled in the internal test failed to bag similar gilded scores in the university-level exam.This year, colleges assessed the performance of students and graded them on 40% marks; the university marked students for the remaining 60%. But the discrepancy between the two scores has put a question mark over the manner in which the colleges-level test is being conducted. An interim report (this paper possesses a copy) on this year's final-year commerce exam submitted to the university points that some colleges \"arbitrarily\" gave marks to students without even conducting a test. Many others \"went out of their way to be generous in awarding scores\"; only a few colleges adhered to the guidelines prescribed by the university.The final year commerce results (March 2012) were a dream; they raced up 18% higher than the previous year. Not only did the overall success rate climb, even the number of students who bagged first class rose by over 100% this time: close to 40,000 candidates bagged first class, up from the 17,000-odd who managed to reach that level in the exams of March 2011. The university committee comprised commerce HoD Madhu Nair, management council member Dilip Karande and Hinduja College principal T A Shiware.They visited three colleges Gokhale Education Society's Vartak College, Borivli, Prakash College, Kandivli, and Lords Universal College, Malad. While the panel had no complaints at Vartak College, the report states that there is room for improvement at Prakash College. However, gross irregularities were noticed in the manner in which internal test was conducted at Lords College. \"The college has followed the rules of internal assessment, but it needs improvement. The marks were allotted liberally and assignments were not evaluated in every subject,\" the report states about Prakash College.At Lord's College, no record of the internal tests was available. The principal said the college had shifted from Malad east to Goregaon west its building was in a dilapidated condition. From the records available, the committee concluded, \"Lords Universal College has grossly violated the university rules of internal assessment, thereby granting marks to the students without any base or justification. There were many instances in which marks allotted in internal assessment had no comparison with the marks secured by the candidate at the university examination.\" Also, many figures were \"tampered with\" in the marks list provided by the principal. The principal claimed that she \"moderated\" the marks allotted by the teachers, while there is no provision for moderation. \"The tampering was not even signed,\" the report added. The committee has recommended that a group be appointed to look into the manner.Ruki Mirchandani, college principal, said the committee's observations were baseless as the college had followed norms. \"The committee claimed that internal tests should be conducted in a similar fashion as the external, which was not mentioned in any circular. The attendance had improved as students realized they would get marks for classroom participation. The committee selected one case of a student, who failed in the external exam, but scored well in the internal, which was possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "barcelona", "code": "16945652", "title": "Barcelona: Teamwork, technique and a riot of colour", "text": "BARCELONA: All roads led to Camp Nou on Tuesday. Fans on skateboards, crutches, wheelchairs, some preferring a light jog, all behind their club Barcelona.Amidst all this support, there stood out glaringly a billboard of Real Madrid's Xabi Alonso advertising sophisticated designer wear. A few Celtic fans, all dressed in green and white, laughed at the unexpected sight.The opposition fans had come to the party knowing in their hearts that their team would give a gallant display and knowing in their minds that Messi and Co were looking for a rout.And it was business as usual when captain Xavi started wielding his masterly stick, taking control of the proceedings with crisp, incisive passes.Neil Lennon's men had to do what they had to do - defend stoically and hope. It paid off when Georgios Samaras rose to a free-kick and the header was deflected past Victor Valdes off Javier Mascherano in the 18th minute.Alexis Sanchez huffed and puffed to no avail; Lionel Messi was a marked man and he drifted deeper, assisting rather than being provided.As the rings of \"Barca, Barca\" reverberated through the old, sturdy and grand stadium, timed with incessant drum beats, it was the Argentine who started the exhilarating move at the tip of the box just before the stroke of half-time, and the relatively quiet Andres Iniesta finished it off after a slick one-two with Xavi.Typical of Barcelona - teamwork and technique. The inflated balloon boys fluttered - one of the four deliberately 'coloured' to send a message against racism - and the friendly atmosphere was reflected by both sets of fans as they rose to their feet, applauding the beautiful game.During the break, some fans relived the excitement as defender Gerard Pique , who was ruled out of the game through injury, was spotted along with pregnant girlfriend Shakira next to the Turkish Airlines lounge in the anonymous No. 17 box. All cuddles and kisses, they weren't shy but objected to the swirl of activity around them as curious fans craned their necks for a better view.The Blaugrana mission started again. Pique did not betray any emotions as the rest of Camp Nou 'oohed' and 'aahed' when Celtic goalkeeper Fraser Forster made a series of instinctive saves and the crossbar also contrived to deny the hosts.While Lennon paced up and down in anticipation of a bewildering point, Barca's Tito Vilanova protested animatedly to time-wasting. The spectators appeared frustrated although the chanting continued, some leaving early to avoid the rush. They missed the ultimate twist.David Villa , having been thrown into the mix late, provided more penetration and combined well with Messi. As an unlikely draw seemed more likely, deep into injury time, Jordi Alba popped up at the back post to meet Villa's delivery, breaking Celtic hearts and sending the home fans into delirium. In the end, the ceaseless knocking broke down the door.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16954892", "title": "Saina Nehwal reaches world number 3 after Denmark win", "text": "NEW DELHI: Riding on her maiden Denmark Open title triumph last Sunday, India's ace shuttler Saina Nehwal gained a position to climb up to third spot in the latest World badminton ranking announced on Thursday.The London Olympics Bronze medallist Indian is now just one step away from regaining her world number two status as a semifinal spot in the ongoing French Open will help her to topple Olympic champion Li Xuerui to the second place.The 22-year-old Saina reached the quarterfinals of the French Open after a comfortable 21-16 21-13 victory over Sapsiree Taerattanachai of Thailand.She is likely to take on seventh seeded Ratchanok Intanon tomorrow for a place in the semifinal.Tipped to win the French Open, Saina (80361.7444) will fetch 6420 points by just reaching the semifinal, which will be good enough to surpass Xuerui's (85926.7153) ranking points and regain her second place.Saina had attained her career-best ranking of world number two in December 2010 after her victories at Singapore, Indonesia, Hong Kong, besides the Indian Grand Prix and Commonwealth Games gold medal.Among others, Parupalli Kashyap is still the best Indian male shuttler at 22nd place. He lost two places as he skipped the Denmark and French Open.Ajay Jayaram has improved one place to rank 26, while Sourabh Verma jumped two places to be placed 30th. RMV Gurusaidutt is ranked 43rd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16947585", "title": "Man pleads guilty of killing Indian woman in Australia", "text": "MELBOURNE: A 21-year-old Australian man has pleaded guilty to murdering a young Indian woman, whose dismembered body was found in a suitcase in a Sydney canal last year in March.The body of Tosha Thakkar, 24, was found in the suitcase floating in a canal near the Parramatta River at Meadowbank by some construction workers in March 2011.Police say she had been raped and then strangled, a crime which drew a shocked and furious response from the Indian community both in Sydney and overseas.Burwood local court said that Daniel Stani-Reginald, who was Thakkar's neighbour, pleaded guilty to the murder. He was also charged with raping Thakkar. According to 'The Age', Stani-Reginald has not pleaded guilty to this charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16953992", "title": "All Deccan Chargers players available to Sun Group: BCCI", "text": "MUMBAI: All the players who were contracted with the Deccan Chargers, whose IPL contract has been terminated by the cricket board, will be available for picking by Sun TV Network which on Thursday won the Hyderabad franchise for Rs 85.05 crore per year, said BCCI president N Srinivasan.\"All the players of Deccan Chargers are available to the new franchise. I think they have signed agreements and the new franchise will have time till October 31st to decide who they want to retain, but all the Deccan Chargers players are now with Sun Group,\" Srinivasan told reporters after the opening of the bids by the IPL governing council.\"The franchise now has a choice to retain whoever they want and decide by October 31st. As far as the player their interest is completely protected and they have also been paid for the last year,\" the board chief said.Srinivasan also said that the value that the Board got from the new owners was twice of what Deccan Chargers paid in 2008.\"If you see, this is twice the value of Deccan Chargers (who had bid for Rs 428 crore). If you take into account the sharing of central rights compared to the earlier expansion of franchise, you will find that this bid represents a higher value; it is a very good value.\"That is because the original eight franchises have ten-year contracts; so five years is left. So after ten years the revenue sharing is that you don't pay a franchise fee but you pay 20 percent of your income. So that is consistent for all of them.\"More importantly it is a very credible franchise owner who is in the media so they will add a lot of value to the league so that is something to be very happy about,\" he said.\"It is not a question of how many bids came in but the fact is that we got a good bid,\" added Srinivasan.There was only one other bidder, PVP Ventures whose bid amount was Rs 69.03 crore. Two other interested parties bought the Invitation to Tender, priced at Rs 5 lakh by the Board and non-refundable, but did not bid, according to sources.\"As far as the BCCI is concerned, it is a very good value and a good franchise coming so it will add luster to the league,\" said Srinivasan.Sun TV Network CFO, S L Narayanan said that the new franchise had a fine set of Deccan Chargers cricketers to choose while forming their team like former Sri Lanka captain Kumar Sangakkara and South Africa pace ace Dale Steyn.\"What BCCI has advised us is that at our option we could retain the entire team. We also have opportunities to get more players; there are outstanding cricketing names here like Dale Steyn , Kumar Sangakkara, Cameron White , JP Duminy, Shikhar Dhawan and Ishant Sharma,\" said Narayanan.\"It's a great team but we will decide on the actual composition of the team and support staff in the next few days. We are very excited,\" he said.The team's new name will be decided in a few days' time, he said and termed the deal with BCCI as \"very attractive\".\"The price that we paid is a very attractive price because the last deal (Pune Warriors) was almost at 170 crore per annum and we got it for 50 percent of the last transaction price. It is a very attractive deal. We will create shareholder value and I have no doubt about that in my mind.\"We have a fair understanding of the inflow and what kind of expenses, so we have done our maths and this is going to be a very attractive deal for us.\"This whole thing fits with the whole theme of media and entertainment. IPL is a great property and for the foreseeable future cricket would be the sport of choice for so many Indians.\"I don't think we are going to suddenly start playing baseball or something. So it fits in with the overall theme of media and entertainment and it is a very good price that we are buying it for,\" he said.\"I think at the end of the day cricket will continue to be toast of audiences in this country. Cricket and films are religion in this country and we are very well positioned in both,\" Narayanan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16946213", "title": "Sustained campaign needed to encourage citizens to help accident victims", "text": "Much has been done in terms of changes in rules and procedure to encourage good Samaritans to help accident victims. Unlike in the past, a person taking such a victim to a hospital no longer needs to reveal his or her name and other details. If the fear of getting entangled in needless court cases or bureaucratic hassles at hospitals still remains a dominant theme, it can only be because of lack of awareness about these changes. The police must take note of this fact and launch a sustained campaign to inform citizens about them. Considering that the benefits will be in the form of lives saved, the effort would be well worth it.Related story:  Timely medical aid critical for hit-and-run victims", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16947134", "title": "Boss, workers becoming Facebook pals", "text": "MELBOURNE: Almost one-third of workers aged between 18 and 25 are friends with their boss on social media like Facebook, a new survey has found.However, more than half of them - 58% - have admitted they've never cleared potentially career-damaging content from their profiles.According to a worldwide survey of 4,400 people in 11 countries by anti-virus company AVG, 13% of workers in Australia admit to posting abusive content about their boss or company after a bad day at work. Eighteen per cent employees in Italy have been found to express their emotions online, the AAP news agency reported. Eighty per cent of Spanish young working class admitted to have posted inappropriate images online, while 28% of Australians admitted doing so.The survey also found one in 12 young Aussies had been asked in a job interview about things they've posted online.AVG's Australian security adviser Michael McKinnon said the level of comfort with social media was blurring the line between people's professional and private lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16945552", "title": "Water release from Mettur stopped", "text": "SALEM: Cauvery water that was released from Mettur dam for samba cultivation was completely stopped from late Tuesday evening onwards due to continuous downpour in the delta region.Public Works Department (PWD) officials in Mettur dam said that about 18000 cusecs of water was released from the dam for samba cultivation, early this month. \"The Karnataka government had released 9000 cusecs of water and it was possible for us to release 18000 cusecs,\" officials said. When Karnataka reduced the amount of water released, they also reduced the water released gradually from 18000 to 1000 cusecs over the last 10 days, they added.Despite Karnataka's refusal to release water from dams, the monsoon had extended its support with heavy downpours. There was heavy rain in the delta region for the past five days, thus they decided to down the shutters at Mettur, officials said.According to statistics maintained by dam officials, the inflow to Mettur was 3665 cusecs per second. At present, the water level in the dam is around 28 tmc (64.31ft).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945037", "title": "2 molestation cases in a day", "text": "MUMBAI: Two separate cases of molestation were reported in Bhandup and Kanjurmarg on Monday.In the first case, the Kanjurmarg police arrested a 14-year-old SSC student for allegedly misbehaving with his neighbour's five-year-old daughter on Monday. The juvenile accused reportedly lured the minor girl to his house in the morning by offering her sweets and then misbehaved with her. The girl told her parents, who nabbed the accused.In the second case, the Bhandup police arrested a 27-year-old man for allegedly misbehaving with his neighbour's wife after entering their house through a window at midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946497", "title": "Cops take 48 hours to act", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The initial enthusiasm of city police for cracking the whip against sexual harassment cases seems to have faded away. In a recent case that has come to light, police took over 48 hours to act on a sexual harassment complaint.The teenaged victim, a resident of Sector 56, had gone to a grocery shop near her house, on Sunday, when she was teased by the accused who also lives in the same sector. The accused was identified as Jitender Kumar.\"We approached the police on Sunday itself, but nobody listened to us. After much persuasion, they accepted our complaint but did not convert it in to FIR. The accused boy kept roaming free for two days. Even on Tuesday morning, when my daughter was going to school he teased her again - and we again filed the complaint with police,\" said victim's father. During the delay in registration of case police kept saying that they were looking into the case, added victim's father.Finally, after 48 hours the accused was booked on late Tuesday evening, under various sections of the IPC including 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 506 (criminal intimidation).This year, so far, over 40 sexual harassment cases have been registered in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16954896", "title": "Narendra Modi inviting tenders to favour industries: Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government officials are busy making tenders for laying pipelines in such a manner that it benefit certain companies from Kutch, alleged Gujarat leader of Opposition Shaktisinh Gohil.He said that GSPC's group company GSPL had bagged three cross-country gas pipeline projects Mehsana-Bhatinda (1,611 km), Bhatinda-Srinagar (740 km), and Mallavaram-Bhopal-Bhilwara-Vijaipur (1,738 km).GSPL holds 52 per cent stake, while other JV partners such as IOCL , BPCL and HPCL will have 26 per cent, 11 per cent and 11 per cent stake holding respectively. These three projects are worth over Rs 13000 crore.Now, execution of these pipeline projects are about to begin so the GSPL and Modi government officials are preparing tender documents regarding awarding contracts for pipeline projects.\"It is learnt from the insiders that tenders for procuring pipelines and civil works are being prepared in such a manner with certain conditions that only a Kutch based pipeline manufacturing firm gets selected as sole supplier of pipelines. This is aimed at thwarting competition, which would bring competitive rates, and allow monopoly of a single firm, which would create cartels of its own contractors for civil works,\" he alleged.\"This is being done at the behest of the Chief Minister because the firm concerned has reliably offered election funds of Rs 500 crore to the ruling party in the state assembly polls. Earlier, this company had, again by rigging bidding process, obtained contracts of supply of pipelines for water supply in the BJP government,\" Gohil claimed in a statement.In this scam in making, several high profile officials of the GSPL, GSPC, energy department and finance department are involved to carry out the deal as per instructions of CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16954685", "title": "Mudra Institute of Communications announces five-day MDP on Communicating Global Leadership", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad (MICA) has announced a five-day MDP on 'Communicating Global Leadership' by Dr. Nagesh Rao, Director, MICA.Scheduled from 3rd December to 7th December, this five-day programme will sensitize senior and top management professionals, already in leadership positions or soon to take up global leadership roles, to subtle nuances of cross-cultural communication and make them ready to provide leadership in today's globalised world. The MDP will equip participants with tools, techniques and skills to be ready to lead their organizations with a global mindset.The programme will use a well-known, reliable and valid survey to assess the current level of global competency, identifying participant's strengths in global leadership and highlight areas of further improvement.While exploring the breadth and depth of communicating global leadership, the five-day programme will enable the participants to recognize the importance of Understanding one's own cultural values in interacting with others; explore culture-general principles that can help them in communicating effectively across cultures; introduce the importance of learning how to deal with professional and personal barriers in intercultural contexts; and focus on how to communicate like a global leader.The programme will also deliberate on similarities that act as bridges across cultures and differences that pose challenges, which can also act as opportunities for learning and growth.The MDP will be led by Dr. Nagesh Rao, currently Professor and Director of Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad (MICA), with scholarly and applied interests in global leadership, intercultural communication competence and health communication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "advalpal", "code": "16945367", "title": "Mining gives no peace to the dead at Advalpal", "text": "ADVALPAL: Villagers of Varchawaddo and Kollamwaddo in Bicholim taluka's Advalpal panchayat were living a peaceful rural life until the monsoon of 2006, when they first noticed red slush trickling and then flowing like an ever-growing stream into their houses.The flow of the slurry from the mining dumps above the village filled up their houses faster than they could act, and to their utter shock began to swallow furniture, televisions and other domestic items.The incident motivated schoolboy Akash Naik to approach the courts and get operations at the mine stayed but this, and other mining operations, changed the villagers' lives forever.For one, residents of Varchawaddo and Kollamwaddo are forced to cremate their dead in their backyards as the village ancestral crematorium has been consumed by mining dumps.\"The crematorium was a provision made by our ancestors. Our dead were being cremated in this marked land as long as we and our elderly can remember. Mining rejects are now piled on the plot. For the last six year we have been forced to cremate our ancestors in our backyard. It is considered inauspicious by Hindus to cremate the dead within your living space but we are left with no option,\" Varchawaddo resident Vijay Padloskar said, pointing to the land where red lumps lie in a heap.He said villagers have written to the panchayat seeking a new space for a crematorium and the issue was also raised with local MP Shripad Naik. \"A plot was identified, but there has been no progress on it as there are access issues,\" Vijay said.Villagers informed that a philanthropic local provides space in his property to carry out cremations to villagers who do not have sufficient land to cremate their dead. \"The property is around two kilometers away from Varchawaddo and Kollamwaddo,\" a villager said.The small forested end of the village backyard, squeaks and slithers with sounds of wildlife, yet the disturbing silence of closed mines only meters away appears to scream louder than all other sounds.A young resident Amresh Naik said the mines have robbed villagers of firewood gathered from the dense growth of trees that once existed on the hills. \"The stray dry branches collected from the trees would fuel fires to heat our water and cook rice. Villagers use cooking gas sparingly because of the cost factor. Today, even if we have to excess wood in the forests that are still surviving, we have to pass through the mine, where we are not allowed and we are said to be trespassing,\" Amresh said.Vidhi Padloskar recalls a time when the local spring water was the village lifeline. \"Our ancestors once drank the stream water. That changed when mining grew. Today, we have tap water for drinking, the supply of which is not sufficient for washing clothes and other domestic chores and we still depend on the spring but the flow is getting thinner every year,\" the young woman said.Villagers said ground water pumped out by the mines is not diverted for the benefit of villagers, nor have any locals been offered jobs. \"Forget jobs, the cashew trees whose fruits villagers would pluck to earn a living have long been destroyed,\" Vijay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16947447", "title": "Jats peeved with sidelining of their leaders at Sonia rally", "text": "JAIPUR: Another public rally of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in the state appears to have left the politically powerful Jat community 'insulted' and agitated. And its leaders are making no bones about it. The Jats are agitated that the Congress leadership was allegedly not giving their leaders the same 'respect' and importance that is accorded to other leaders of the state's different communities at Sonia's programmes .At the Dudu rally where Prime Minister Manmohan Singh launched the Aadhaar enabled service delivery system on October 20 in the presence of Sonia, union minister of state for tribal development Mahadev Singh Khandela was not seated on the dais. He was the only union minister from Rajasthan not to be seen on the dais, even though he was present at the venue then. Rajasthan's other union ministers CP Joshi , Namo Narayan Meena and Sachin Pilot were accommodated beside Sonia, while Khandela, who comes from the Jat heartland Shekhawati, was seated with the rest of Congress leaders beside the public.The community leaders have taken an exception to the 'shoddy treatment' meted out to Khandela at the event. Rajasthan Kisan Aayog president and Jat leader Narayan Singh reportedly criticised the party leadership for denying Khandela his 'rightful status.' BJP legislator and former minister Digamber Singh, who hails from the community, too, has accused the Congress of repeatedly insulting the Jats. In August when Sonia was in Barmer to dedicate a drinking water project for the locals and launch a housing scheme for urban poor in Rajasthan, Congress state president Chandrabhan (a Jat) was not given the opportunity to address the public assembly. At the same function a controversial local legislator though got to speak from the dais along with Sonia. Further, later on the same day when Sonia was visiting rain affected people in Jaipur, Chandrabhan's vehicle was denied access to the site. The incidents left the Jat community annoyed then also.\"Jat Congress leaders being treated indifferently at two successive functions of Congress supremo Sonia is indeed a serious matter and it might widen the rift between the party and the community that already suspects the state leadership of foul play in the Bhanwari Devi episode,\" said an office-bearer of the ruling party. Congress MLA and Jat leader Mahipal Maderna is behind bars in the Bhanwari Devi case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951038", "title": "RGV plans to make Savita Bhabhi with Rozlyn Khan?", "text": "Sexy damsel Rozlyn Khan is again in news again but this time thanks to Ram Gopal Varma.Rozlyn is recently seen visiting Ram Gopal Varma's studio with her manager. When she entered the studio while crossing a canteen, which is a part of the studio, some people saw her going inside. After her entry, producer, director Ram Gopal Varma also entered the studio and both then went to Ramu's cabin.According to sources, RGV discussed a script with her about his next movie, which is based on controversial Indian porn cartoon character Savita Bhabhi. The movie is supposed to be directed by a new director and RGV will produce it. The sources further revealed that Rozlyn Khan will be playing the lead role of Savita Bhabhi.Everyone in India knows that Savita Bhabhi , the pornographic cartoon character and its site are already banned by the Indian government .If sources to be believed, the planned film will be a sex comedy.To buttress the facts, Rozlyn has recently uploaded some pictures on the net in red bikini (red is known to be the colour of Savita Bhabhi ). We also noticed that the bikini top worn by Rozlyn has alphabet \"S\" written on it. Is it a part of the photo shoot Rozlyn did for the movie?Let's wait and watch for controversial babe Rozlyn Khan as Savita Bhabhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16946581", "title": "Game's up on tiger-spotting racket", "text": "BANGALORE: The recent Supreme Court order is not the only reason the government needs to ban commercial resorts near the forests.While tiger sighting in the wild is a matter of luck, state forest guards seem to be colluding with private resorts to make it easy. The forest department recently unearthed a racket that some resorts in an understanding with forest guards ensure their guests get to see a tiger in the wild, particularly in the Bandipur and Nagarahole ranges.Sources in the forest department told TOI that though tourists are allowed to go on a safari only in vehicles provided by the forest department and Jungle Lodges and Resorts, tourists from private resorts are taken around in a particular vehicle. \"Guards manning core areas alert the vehicle driver through his mobile or wireless set that tigers with their cubs can be spotted in a particular region. Accordingly, the driver takes the guests and ensures they get to see a tiger. Guards get monetary and other favours from resorts.\"He added, \"Feedback from tourists is displayed by resorts on their websites or display board, stating that tiger and cubs were spotted.\" The official added that tourists and wildlife enthusiasts are often not aware that the tiger spotting was stage-managed.Forest minister CP Yogeshwar said he came across such a racket recently. \"Some resorts run by influential people, including an influential family of Mysore, are reportedly involved in such a racket. I've suspended a few guards and directed department officials to take measures to end this,\" he said.He said the SC's October 16 order will be strictly adhered to. It has directed all states to prepare a tiger conservation plan within six months keeping in mind the National Tiger Conservation Authority guidelines and submit it to the Centre for approval. \"We've decided to stop all permanent tourist facilities located in the core area of reserve forests. A plan is also being worked out to allow only a limited number of tourists per day to tiger safaris,\" Yogeshwar said.As per the latest tiger census, Karnataka, with 300, accounts for the highest number of tigers. Of the 41 tiger reserves in the country, Karnataka tops the list with five ? Bandipur, Nagarahole, Biligiri Ranganathaswamy, Dandeli-Anshi and Bhadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16947048", "title": "More kids fall prey to nasobronchial allergies", "text": "LUDHIANA: The temperature shift between day and night and the harvesting season are resulting in a rise in nasobronchial allergy among children. City doctors suggest a rise of two to four times in nasobronchial allergies during the ongoing season.Paediatrician Dr Daljeet Singh, who is the principal of Dayanand Medical College, said while he received around 10 patients with nasobronchial complaints on a routine day, the number has gone up to 20 these days.\"The changing weather, with good difference between maximum and minimum temperatures, is a perfect condition for the nasobronchial diseases like bronchitis, asthama and other nasal allergies. Paddy harvesting too adds a lot of dust and smog, which precipitates the nasobronchial allergies,\" he added.These allergies are common in children in the age group of 1-12, but most cases are reported among children up to five years of age. Neonatologist Naveen Bajaj from Deep Hospital says younger children fall prey to these allergies easily because of weak immune system at their age. Bajaj said he has witnessed a three-fold rise in nasobronchial complaints in the present season.The doctors suggest avoiding the allergens is the best way to keep nasobronchial allergies at bay.\"Parents should identify the allergen which affects their children and keep them away from it. The allergens in this season are pollens, smoke from paddy straw burning and dust mites,\" said chest specialist at SPS Apollo Hospital Dr Gurpreet Singh.\"As preventive measures, parents should ensure children wear warm clothes during nights and full sleeve clothes during the day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16950512", "title": "German girl wins Horse Fancy Dress competition", "text": "MUMBAI: Isabella Brucke, a little girl from Germany and her mare Roxy won the Horse Fancy Dress Competition organized by the Amateurs Riders' Club (ARC) on the occasion of its annual Dusserah Carnival at their riding training school inside Mahalaxmi Race course late on Wednesday evening.Isabella and her parents had decorated their mare as 'Candy Fairy' which won the event.The Dusserah celebrations also included annual Ashwa Pooja. ARC president, Raj Shroff performed the Pooja. \"The aarti and garlanding ritual during Ashwa Pooja teaches the children to respect and honour their horses,\" said Shroff.The entire event was organized with great pomp and show to honour the magnificent horses. Many horses were lined up for the Pooja. The Ashwa Pooja was followed by the highlight of the evening, the \"Horse Fancy Dress Competition\".The members of the ARC and their children selected themes and dress their horses accordingly. The children were seen enjoying themselves with candy floss, popcorn and attractive tattooing.ARC was established on September 24, 1942 and is one of the oldest and largest private riding clubs in India, promoting equestrian sports like dressage, show jumping, tent pegging, polo etc.Situated in the heart of Mumbai at Mahalaxmi race course, ARC has riding arenas for beginner and advance riding for members and non members. The ARC also has a large polo ground in the middle of the racecourse where annual polo tournament is held in the month of March every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16946137", "title": "Twin cities set for vertical growth", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad is going vertical, ala Mumbai and Bangalore. Though the city is described as mini-Mumbai for its similarities with the financial capital, the culture of vertical growth was unseen.Even the rules stipulated that a structure should only be a maximum of four floors (ground floor + three). But, now, due to booming realty sector and the influence of metropolitan cities like Mumbai and Bangalore, even Hubli-Dharwad is growing vertically. At present, Hubli-Dharwad cities have more number of apartments and commercial complexes.DEMAND FOR MORE FLOORSNow, the corporation gives permission to construct only four floors, including ground floor depending on the land size and width of the road adjacent to that site. But there is demand to increase the Floor Area Ratio (FAR). The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) sent a proposal to the state government to increase the FAR two months ago.\"Now, the state government has consented to give approval to our proposal and also instructed Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) to modify the existing comprehensive development plan of the city by incorporating norms pertaining to increase the FAR. Once the comprehensive plan is ready by HDUDA, it will be handed over to HDMC by the government, then, we will issue guidelines for raising the buildings above four floors,\" Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil told TOI.NEW GUIDELNIESLingraj Patil, president, HDUDA, said they are already working on the comprehensive city development plan to include new guidelines to increase the height of the buildings.\"We will complete the plan in a month and submit it to the government for its approval. Once it is approved by the government, the modified CDP plan will be sent to HDMC. As per the new CDP, HDMC will give permission to raise the building above four floors in twin cities,\" he added.At present, owner of the building has to take permission from fire and aviation departments if they need to construct more than four floors, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946922", "title": "Wider scope makes students opt for Graduate Record Examination", "text": "INDORE: While more and more city students are looking for greener pastures abroad for a foreign degree; there are still more taking Graduate Record Examination (GRE) because of wider options available through it. With more number of reputed B-schools as well as other top institutions abroad accepting GRE scores, students aspiring to study abroad are taking the examination.Prashant Hemani, founder and director of Globalizers institute, which caters to the need of students rushing for higher education abroad, says, \"No doubt, number of students taking GRE has increased as more number of students want to study abroad. Another reason is wider acceptability of GRE scores. Those who are not sure whether they want to do MBA or any other professional opt for GRE.\" As per the estimates of city based coaching experts, there is nearly 20-25% rise in number of students taking GRE. On an average nearly 1200 students annually appear in the examination from the city alone.According to a recent report, in a year when other higher education admissions tests reported flat or declining, the 2011 launch of the GRE revised General Test led to the largest testing year in the program's history and represented a 13% increase over that of 2010. In 2011, the number of B-schools accepting GRE scores for their MBA programs increased to nearly 800, up from 450 in 2010. International institutions accepting GRE scores also grew by nearly 10% in 2011.Other major factors which are attracting more students to appear for GRE are -easier format and low examination fee, which secures admission in any good institution if performed well. GMAT costs $250 while GRE costs $175. The GRE does not include data sufficiency questions. Such questions play a major role in GMAT. GRE includes more geometry and the verbal sections ask different types of questions.Nitin Goel, founder and director, Indian Institute of Careers and Higher Education said, \"GMAT is difficult as compared to GRE. Moreover, students are going in lesser number to study management abroad. GRE opens entry to B-schools as well so in past three years number of students taking SAT and GRE has increased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946689", "title": "Sex racket busted in Shivajinagar", "text": "PUNE: The Faraskhana police busted a sex racket on Tuesday by raiding a lodge in Shivajinagar and arresting 15 people, including nine call girls.Among the arrested are four drivers, who used to ferry the call girls in the city, and the owner of a lodge located in Narvir Tanajiwadi in Shivajinagar. The drivers are Ismail Shaikh (23) of Latur, Gopal Pawar (22) of Solapur, Dattatreya Manjole (28) of Kalewadi and Kisan Sagar (28) of Osmanabad and the lodge owner is Sadashiv Jagdale (63) of Shivajinagar. The police have also seized three cars from the lodge.Speaking to TOI, sub-inspector Geeta Bagawade, who led the team that made the arrests, said the action was taken on the directives given by deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Makarand Ranade. \"We raided the lodge on late Tuesday night and found nine call girls there,\" Bagawade said.Investigations have revealed that these women have been indulging in prostitution in the city since the last five months, Bagawade said. He said four women were from West Bengal, two from Mumbai and one each from Karnataka, Orissa and Nepal. \"The Shivajinagar police are investigating further,\" Bagawade added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16950697", "title": "Rampaging Sydney Sixers look to seal CLT20 final berth", "text": "CENTURION: A rampaging Sydney Sixers would look to maintain their winning momentum and book a berth in the final when they take on local side Titans in the second semifinal of the Champions League Twenty20 on Friday.Sixers are the only side to have won all their four group matches and they are the most all-round team in the tournament with balance in batting, bowling and fielding departments.The Australian side had virtually spanked all their opponents in the first three Group B matches and the only time they had been put to test was when they clashed with last year's champions Mumbai Indians in their last league game.That match was played without the recent World Twenty20 Player-of-the-Tournament Shane Watson who had been called back by his Board to prepare for the home series against South Africa.But in that match also, their bowlers, who have been in impressive form, stifled the star-studded Mumbai batting order to restrict them to 124 and ensure that the Sixers remain unbeaten and go into tomorrow's semifinals high on confidence.Watson and Michael Lumb have been in explosive form at the top of the other, giving two 50-plus stands for the opening wicket in three matches they were together.The middle-order of Nic Maddinson, captain Brad Haddin and Steven Smith have been supporting the openers well. Moises Henriques has also been in fine form, showing what a fine all-rounder he has been in the shortest format.The only weak point, if there is any, for the Sixers is the spin department with their main slow bowler Simon O'Keefe having got just one wicket from the three matches he had played. But, the Sixers have relied heavily on their pacers to get the results and they have been doing just that.The Titans, however, will have the advantage of crowd support as they are playing at their home ground tomorrow.The South African side have a good bowling attack with the likes of Alfonso Thomas , Ethy Mbhalati, Cornelius de Villiers and Roelof van der Merwe among the wickets but their weak point is the inconsistent middle-order which would be put to severe test by the Sixers pacers.The top-order of Jacques Rudolph and Henry Davids have been giving them good start most of the time but the middle order has not been able to capitalise on them.Captain Martin van Jaarsveld has been inconsistent coming either at number four or five, so also Farhaan Behardien , Heino Kuhn or David Wiese.Their batting weakness was exposed to the full in their penultimate league match against Kolkata Knight Riders in Cape Town where they were all out for just 89 in 16.4 overs while chasing a massive 189 for a win, thereby breaking their winning momentum.Their last league match against Delhi Daredevils was washed out without a ball being bowled and the Titans will have to address the chinks in their batting armoury against the top-class pace-heavy bowling attack of Sixers if they have to have any chance of beating the most impressive side in the tournament tomorrow.The Teams (from):Sydney Sixers: Brad Haddin (Capt. and wk), Pat Cummins, Josh Hazlewood, Moises Henriques, Michael Lumb, Nathan McCullum , Nic Maddinson, Ian Moran , Peter Nevill, Steve O'Keefe, Ben Rohrer, Steven Smith, Mitchell Starc, Dominic Thornely.Titans: Martin van Jaarsveld (Capt.), Farhaan Behardien, Henry Davids, AB de Villiers (wk), Cornelius de Villiers, Paul Harris , Heino Kuhn (wk), Eden Links, Ethy Mbhalati, Mangaliso Mosehle, Rowan Richards, Jacques Rudolph, Alfonso Thomas, Roelof van der Merwe, David Wiese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "krishnagar (wb)", "code": "16950082", "title": "Teachers in Nadia schools drawing salaries for teaching none", "text": "KRISHNAGAR (WB): Two government-aided girls' schools in West Bengal's Nadia district have no student in their rolls for the last three years but the teachers and other staff are drawing salaries each month.There are 14 teachers in two schools - Uma Shashi Nimnataro Uchha Balika Bidyalay and Tarak Das Shiksha Sadan Junior High School for girls - who mostly while away their time by reading newspapers, magazines and plain gossiping.As there are no students in the schools, there are no managing committees either.Both the schools are housed in good buildings where there are facilities like drinking water, toilets, common rooms and others.Sources said Khabir Uddin Ahamed, former CPI(M) MP, had donated Rs two lakh to the Tarak Das Shiksha Sadan Junior High School for girls to erect the school building.Shibdas Mukherjee, former Congress MLA from Krishnagar (East) had also donated Rs one lakh to the school for the same purpose.Deepika Ghosh, headmistress of Umashashi Nimnataro Uchha Balika Bidyalaya, said, \"The student strength has been going down steadily for several years. We drew attention of the state's education authorities and asked for transfer.\"Ghosh said some teachers and non-teaching staff had been transferred to other government or government-aided schools.\"At present, there are seven teachers and two non-teaching staff in the school, which was established in 1969 as part of the government's policy to spread women's education,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945775", "title": "'Pending revenue recovery not a bar to transfer land'", "text": "KOCHI: Pending revenue recovery proceedings shall not be a bar for sale or transfer of landed property, the Kerala high court has ruled.The ruling by Justice T R Ramachandran Nair came on a petition by Rimmy of Nayarambalam, who bought 12 cents from one of the partners of Jaya Tourist Home at Paravur. His application to change the name of the land owner in the revenue records, formally called mutation of registry, was rejected by the village officer of Kottuvally. The village officer also refused to accept land tax for the property.When Rimmy approached the high court, the tahsildar of Parur taluk filed an affidavit, contending that the person from whom Rimmy bought the land was one of the eight partners of the tourist home. They are yet to pay sales tax arrears amounting to more than Rs 10 lakh and its interest for the years 1986-87 and 1987-88, the department contended.The tahsildar pointed out that K S Mani, the partner who sold the property to Rimmy, had approached the high court earlier challenging the recovery proceedings. But the court had ruled against him, and asked the district collector to continue with the proceedings. The property in question was transferred to defeat this. Mani had no right to transfer the property as recovery proceedings were pending, the tahsildar submitted.However, the court ruled that the village officer is bound to accept tax and issue possession certificate even if recovery proceedings are initiated.There is no inhibition in the law relating to revenue recovery, that prohibits collection of land tax, and such an action won't be a hindrance to the recovery proceedings, the court ruled citing an earlier decision. The decision had also clarified that the question of the government getting the title over the property would be only if it purchases the property in revenue auction. If the sale under Revenue Recovery Act is in favour of a third party, the transfer of title will go accordingly, the court held.Pending revenue recovery proceedings shall not be a bar for sale or transfer of landed property, the Kerala High Court has ruled.The ruling by justice TR Ramachandran Nair was while considering a petition by Rimmy of Nayarambalam, who bought 12 cents of land from one of the partners of Jaya Tourist Home at Paravur.His application to change the name of the owner of the land in revenue records, formally called mutation of registry, was rejected by the village officer of Kottuvally. The village officer also denied to accept land tax from him for the property.When Rimmy approached the high court, the tahsildar of Parur taluk filed an affidavit, contending that the person from whom Rimmy bought the land was one of the eight partners of the tourist home. They are yet to pay sales tax arrears amounting to more than Rs 10 lakh and its interest for the years 1986-87 and 1987-88, the department contended.The tahsildar also pointed out that KS Mani, the partner who sold the property to Rimmy, had approached the high court earlier challenging the recovery proceedings and the court had ruled against him.The court had asked the district collector to proceed with revenue recovery proceedings. The property in question was transferred to defeat the recovery proceedings. Mani had no right to transfer the property as recovery proceedings were pending, the tahsildar submitted.However, the court ruled that the village officer is bound to accept tax and issue possession certificate even if recovery proceedings are initiated.There is no inhibition in the law relating to revenue recovery prohibiting collection of land tax and such an action won't be a hindrance to the recovery proceedings, the court ruled citing an earlier decision.The decision had also clarified that the question of the government getting the title over the property would be only if it purchases the property in revenue auction. If the sale under Revenue Recovery Act is in favour of a third party, the transfer of tile will go accordingly, the court held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952289", "title": "Sonu Sood in Zanjeer remake", "text": "The latest buzz in the industry is that Sonu Sood has been roped in for the Telugu version of Zanjeer. The Hindi version is being made simultaneously, which will have Sanjay Dutt in the lead. The project stars Ram Charan Tej and Priyanka Chopra in the lead, who will play the role of Vijay and Mala. Sanjay Dutt will be seen essaying the iconic role of Sher Khan, which was essayed by veteran actor Pran in the 1973's hit 'Zanjeer'. Sonu Soon will play Sher Khan in the Telugu version. Sonu has acted in several Tamil films including Majnu, Chandramukhi and Arundhathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947588", "title": "Children pick Barack as their president", "text": "As the US braces for crucial November 6 presidential elections, an online poll has found more than half a million American children choosing incumbent Barack Obama over his Republican rival Mitt Romney .The kids participating in the 'Nickelodeon: Kids Pick the President' elected Obama as their next president with 65% votes, while Romney received rest of the 35%. Interestingly, ever since this voting trend began in 1988, the results of kids' polls have turned out to be the same in five out of the six occasions. Only in 2004, the kids had elected Democrat John Kerry but he later lost the polls.\"And the winner of Kids Pick the President is Barack Obama,\" said another child, announcing the results. In the 2008 elections, Obama had got 51% of the votes, while his Republican challenger John McCain had received 49% in a survey in which some 2.2 million votes were cast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16945563", "title": "Students on tour from Kerala survive collision with truck near Madukkarai", "text": "COIMBATOR A pleasure trip for a group of Class XI and XII students and teachers from a residential school in Kozhikode, Kerala, turned a nightmare after a truck that was being taken out on a test drive from the BEML facility in Palakkad rammed their bus near Madukkarai early Wednesday morning.As many as 42 people including the bus driver and the tour operator were injured in the incident. The driver and the operator were rushed to a private hospital here with serious injuries and are undergoing medical treatment at the moment. The students were being taken in three separate buses and the one involved in the mishap carried only girl students and teachers.According to Madukkarai police, the incident occurred at around 6.30a.m., when the children were returning to Kozhikode from Chennai. They were taken on a school trip to Chennai on Sunday from their institution MES Raja Residential School inside the NIT campus near Chathamangalam in Calicut district of Kerala. More than 50 people were in the bus when the incident occurred. The students escaped with minor injuries, but the bus driver, cleaner and tour operator, who were sitting in the front cabin, sustained severe injuries. The cabin was badly mangled after the mishap.\"Most students were sleeping when the truck rammed the bus. Since they were seated behind the driver's cabin, they did not suffer major injuries,\" said MPC Nazir, secretary, MES Raja Residential School, Kozhikode. The driver of the bus S Vava, a resident of Paravoor and private tour operator M Abdul Jaleel from Mukkam in Kozhikode were rushed to Sri Ramakishna Hospital in Coimbatore. According to sources, they were responding to treatment as on late Wednesday evening. Apart from head injuries, some of the victims suffered minor fractures after they were thrown against the seats inside the bus.The mishap occurred when three heavy trucks designed and developed at BEML, a Defence ministry PSU in Palakkad, were being taken out on a test drive to Bangalore ahead of their hand-over to the army. An employee with the BEML facility, who was travelling in one of vehicles, claimed that the driver of the errant truck lost control after it skidded on the wet road surface. All the injured were initially rushed to two separate private hospitals in Madukkarai and Sundarapuram.\"We have registered a case against the driver of the truck, S Sajith, who hails from Thrissur district in Kerala. He was initially admitted to a private hospital here but then BEML personnel came and shifted him to their own medical facility,\" said A Ramesh Babu, head constable, Madukkarai police station.All the injured students were later discharged and taken to Kerala in another bus hired by the school management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16947097", "title": "Men who eat cheese may risk chance of becoming dad", "text": "LONDON: Young men who eat more than three slices of cheese a day may be risking their chances of becoming fathers, a new Harvard study has claimed. Researchers discovered that even small amounts of full-fat dairy food can dramatically impair fertility in men.They found that men who eat even three portions of cheese a day had poorer quality sperm compared to others, the 'Daily Mail' reported. A portion includes 28 gm of cheese, a teaspoon of cream, a scoop of ice cream or glass of full-fat milk.Researchers believe that female hormones that occur naturally in milk may be interfering with men's ability to reproduce.Scientist from the Harvard School of Public Health in the US compared the diets of 189 men aged 19 to 25, all very fit and did at least one and a half hour's exercise a week.They filled in a questionnaire, answering how often they ate dairy products, fruit, meat and other types of food during a typical week.Researchers also looked at their sperm quality, including how fast it travelled and its shape. They found that the sperm of men who ate more than three portions of full-fat dairy food a day was of 25% poorer quality than those who had less.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950387", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti: The funnyman of Indian television", "text": "Jaspal Singh Bhatti, one of the most known comedians of Indian television, touched a chord with the audience by highlighting everyday problems of the common man through simple and honest humour.Bhatti, 57, who died in a car accident in the wee hours today, will always be remembered for his television series 'Flop Show' and mini capsules 'Ulta Pulta' during the golden days of Doordarshan in the late 1980s and early 1990s.The low-budget series 'Flop Show' is remembered even today for taking on the problems of middle class Indians in a quirky way. His wife Savita Bhatti produced the show and acted in all the episodes as his wife.Born on March 3, 1955 at Amritsar in a Rajput Sikh family, Bhatti graduated from Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh as an electrical engineer.He became popular with his street plays in the city. His plays were spoofs ridiculing corruption in society.Before venturing into television, he was a cartoonist for the The Tribune newspaper in Chandigarh.After a successful stint on television with his show, Bhatti's subsequently acted in Hindi and Punjabi films and got his due recognition in the film industry with Salman Khan starrer \"Janam Samjha Karo\" in 1999 where he played Salman's personal secretary.Bhatti played the role of Jolly Good Singh, a guard, in Aamir Khan-Kajol starrer ' Fanaa'. He also starred in the comedy Punjabi film 'Jijaji'.His first directorial venture was a feature film in his native Punjabi language 'Mahaul Theek Hai', a humorous take on Punjab police. It was well received amongst audience.Bhatti appeared on many reality shows after that. He was seen in 'Comedy ka King Kaun' as a co-judge with actress Divya Dutta and also presented his dancing abilities in 'Nach Baliye' with wife Savita. Bhatti set up a training school and a studio in Mohali near Chandigarh called 'Joke Factory' and also an animation school 'Mad Arts', where he launched a new 52-episode comedy series titled ' Thank You Jijaji'.The school also produced an animation film on female foeticide which won the second prize in the Advantage India organized by 1take media. It won a certificate of merit at the IDPA-2008 Awards in Mumbai.The comedian's latest film 'Power Cut' , is based on the frequent power cuts in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949161", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti's son, actress Surilie in a critical condition", "text": "Popular comedian and film director Jaspal Bhatti, who touched a chord with the masses with his humorous take on problems plaguing the common man, died when his car rammed into a roadside tree in the wee hours today.The satirist's son Jasraj who was driving the car and actress Surilie Gautam, the heroine of his film 'Power Cut' which is to be released tomorrow, were seriously injured in the mishap, police said.The 57-year-old actor-director, who made his way into the hearts of his people with his satirical shows like 'Ulta Pulta' and 'Flop Show' , was on a tour to promote the film when the accident took place near Shahkot in Nakodar area of the district at 2:30 AM, Bhatti's associate Vinod Sharma told here.They were rushed to a private hospital in Jalandhar where Bhatti was declared brought dead.\"His body was brought to the hospital after 3 AM and after medical examination he was declared dead,\" said Dr Harpreet Singh .Bhatti leaves behind his wife Savita, a son and a daughter Raabiya.Sharma said that Bhatti was going to Jalandhar from Bhatinda for the promotion of his Punjabi film which is based on the frequent power cuts in Punjab.Bhatti's son Jasraj and Gautam have been referred to a Ludhiana hospital now.According to doctors, they are in a stable but critical condition.Born on March 3, 1955 at Amritsar, Bhatti graduated from Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh as an electrical engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947321", "title": "Rainwater goes down the drain", "text": "The outlook is grim for waterparched Chennai, with more than 50% of the rainwater in the city being wasted due to lack of storage facilities. In many cases, successive governments have brazenly helped in the destruction of lakes by allowing land sharks to encroach upon them and through ill-advised infrastructure development.The city, with an area of 426sqkm, receives an average of 130cm of rainfall a year. This translates to 9.1 million litres a day, guaranteeing each person 140 litres a day throughout the year. Even assuming that only 60% of the water is harvested, each individual will get 84 litres a day. This is lower than the ministry of urban development's estimated individual requirement of 135 litres a day, but it has the potential to put an end to the city's severe water problem.Most rainwater in the city dissipates in surface run-offs because of a shortage of rainwater harvesting pits and storm water drain networks. A large amount of the water enters various canals and is flushed into sea instead of filling water reservoirs . \"Storm water drains prevent waterlogging , but they also account for most of the loss of rainwater,\" a corporation official said.Rain Centre director Sekhar Raghavan said rainwater harvesting pits built after 2004 harvested close to 50% of the rainwater the city received, leading to groundwater levels rising by 6 metres. Chennai relies on Veeranam tank in Cuddalore district, 250 km from the city, for its drinking water needs, apart from its four major reservoirs, Red Hills, Chembarambakkam, Cholavaram and Poondi. Not many know that the city is dotted with 40 tanks, which in the past stored rainwater but are now either taken over by encroachers or ruined with sewage from localities not connected to the drainage network.Experts say lack of political will has taken a toll on major water bodies in the city. Land sharks, in connivance with officials, have taken over several lake beds and local bodies allow sewage to flow into other water bodies. Records show that Pallavaram tank or Pallavaram Eri, to the south of the city, once covered 199 acres. Encroachments have taken over 113 acres and what is left of the lake is ruined by sewage . The local body has conveniently converted one portion of the lake into a dump yard.Residents say burning of waste has polluted the lake, and environmentalists worry that toxins that have leached into the groundwater now pose a severe threat. The situation is no different in Peerkankaranai Lake or Veeraraghavan Lake near Pallavaram. Officials of the PWD filed a complaint against some individuals last week for attempting take over a portion of Nanmangalam tank near Tambaram, a lake that farmers still use to irrigate their fields. Far away, the suburban police last week arrested an elected representative for brokering a deal for real estate in the Sembakkam tank.While sewage flows directly into Madipakkam, Kilkattalai and Puzhuthivakkam lakes, government agencies have encroached upon other water bodies with projects for urban development. In Manali-Madhavaram tank in north Chennai, government-built tenements and colonies have come up in the lake bed, say activists. Revenue officials have issued land deeds to people in the Seneerkuppam tank bed. A sizeable portion of Palaripattu tank has been taken over by the slum clearance board and the housing board has taken over most of Mogappair tank.\"If the government can take up work to strengthen and improve tanks in rural areas for irrigation, why can't it do the same in the city?\" asked social activist V Santhanam.\"It is not too late to save our lakes,\" he said. \"The government can rope in workers under MGNREGA for the purpose.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16954356", "title": "Thousands sign petition addressed to PM seekng justice for 1984 victims", "text": "JALANDHAR: Jalandhar residents made a beeline at the site of exhibition pertaining to November 1984 massacre of Sikhs to sign the petition initiated by former Supreme court judge V R Krishna Iyer addressed to the Prime Minister to follow his Raj Dharma and reopen the cases of massacre of Sikhs in Delhi and to ensure justice to the victims.Not only the Sikhs but a good number of Hindu residents also turned up as the exhibition is also trying to dispel the notion that these were riots between two communities. \"It was a massacre patronized by the government of the time and rather the common Hindus tried to save the Sikhs and a few of them even lost their lives while doing the benevolence of saving lives of innocent Sikhs,\" said supreme court advocate H S Phoolka. He said that around 7,000 had already signed the petition during the exhibition in Punjab.The exhibition near Dussehra ground of Model House was inaugurated by Dinesh Kumar, state president of Bachpan Bachao Andolan who said that the \"riots\" was a misnomer to describe the ghastly chapter in Indian history. \"This was a state sponsored massacre otherwise how could the guilty have gone unpunished,\" he said.As people from all sections watched exhibition and even children also turned up, an element gloom was taking over the visitors as they saw the pictures including of half burnt corpses, dogs eating up bodies, mobs lynching innocents and widows crying during the mass killings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16954755", "title": "Indian Institute of Technology students bags third prize at national level design competition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Student team of Indian Institute of Technology (IITGN) has bagged third prize at national level design competition. The CAD Design completion was organised by Autodesk in association with National Skill Development Coorporation (NSDC).The third year mechanical engineering students form IIT Gandhinagar - Shashank Agarwal and Dhwanil Shukla - came up with an innovative idea of a unique electric powered vehicle. The students conceptualised two wheelers which could be conjoined to become a four-wheeled vehicle.The competition which is one of the biggest of its kind in the country received more than a thousand entries from students of various design institutes and leading engineering colleges including many IITs.Referring to the contemporary transportation challenges in the country, the organisers asked the students to design a low cost personal transport considering aspects like Transformability, Foldability or Modularity.Agarwal said, \"The design will allow the vehicle to be dismantled into 2 two-wheelers according to their requirements, for example, for commuting through crowded lanes and more convenience in congested parking areas and so on.\"\"We have designed the two-wheelers in such a way that they can accommodate removable fabric roofs for harsh weather conditions. The design has also taken into consideration various safety issues usually faced by the two wheelers,\" added Shukla.The competition was held in several phases beginning with an online submission of design by students from North Zone, South Zone and West Zone. While 10 designs were selected from each zone, the IITGN team won the second prize at the regional round.At the next level of the competition, 4 teams of each zone (North, West and South) were allowed to take part at final national level competition which was held at IIT Madras.While the IITGN team bagged the third prize at the finals, the first and second prizes were won by Fr,C, Rodrigues Institute of Technology, Vashi, Mumbai and PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949553", "title": "Celebs mourn Jaspal Bhatti's sudden death", "text": "Bollywood and Punjabi entertainment fraternity is in shock with sudden death of Jaspal Bhatti.Celebs like Ritiesh Deshmukh, Madhur Bhandarkar and Akshay Kumar expressed their grief over the passing away of this notable filmmaker and satirist on Twitter. They remembered him for his great sense of humour and satire. Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi too hailed the demised actor for the punch of humour he had in his performances.Riteish Deshmukh: RIP Jaspal Bhatti- Super Hit man from d FLOP SHOW - worked with him in my debut film Tujhe Meri Kasam-humble kind, happy, funny and helpful. One of the first ppl to entertain audience with his political satires. Condolences to the family- a big n untimely loss.Madhur Bhandarkar: To make people laugh is an art &amp; Jaspal Bhatti mastered it. RIP Bhatti ji, may god give strength to your family.Akshay Kumar : Saddened to know about the death of the great comedian, Jaspal Bhatti. I have fond memories of his super hit show, Flop Show .Ayushmann Khurrana: RIP Jaspal Bhatti uncle. My dad's closest pal. May God give strength to Jasraj and Rabia and Savita aunty.Anupam Kher: Just Landed in Mumbai and came to know about my friend Jaspal Bhatti's tragic death. Why is God taking away all d nicest people. So SAD.Siddharth: Jaspal Bhatti is no more... just like his Flop Show partner Vivek Shauq, Bhatti Saab had left us too soon...we'll miss you sir...RIPBobby Friction: OMG! Comedian Jaspal Bhatti dies in accident!Sukshinder Shinda: RIP Jaspal Bhatti Ji.One of the greatest comedian of Punjabi Cinema WAHEGURU Ji Ohna Nu Apne Charna Wich Niwas BaksheyShreya Ghoshal: R.I.P. Jaspal Bhatti. :(:(Narendra Modi: Jaspal Bhatti's demise is unfortunate. He filled our lives with much needed humour. My condolences to his family. May his soul rest in peace.Jaspal Bhatti, 57, died in a road accident in Nakodar (Punjab) while he was on his way to Jalandhar to promote his upcoming film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946773", "title": "Woman sets herself ablaze on Karve Road", "text": "PUNE: A 40-year-old woman allegedly set herself ablaze on the busy Karve Road on Wednesday afternoon. Local people doused the fire and informed police who shifted her to Sassoon General Hospital for treatment.The woman, Swati Purushottam Rao of Omshree Apartments, Karve Road, has sustained 65% burns.Senior police inspector with the Deccan Gymkhana police Manohar Joshi said that on Wednesday afternoon, Rao came down to the parking area of her building with two cans of kerosene. \"Apart from the kerosense, she also extracted petrol from her scooter and poured it on herself before setting herself ablaze,\" Joshi said.Panic spread when Rao ran out to Karve Road. Local residents rushed to her and doused the fire. Joshi said Rao has been staying with her 85-year-old. She has been suffering from some health problem since the last two months.\"She set herself ablaze due to the health problem,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947338", "title": "Festival holidays, rains reduce power cuts to an hour", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents across the city were pleasantly surprised on Wednesday . There wasjustonehour of scheduled power cut. Thanks to the continuous holidays and rain , the demand for power had reduced substantially.TNEB officials said four days of holidays (except Monday ) reduced the total power consumption , particularly in Chennai where many commercial establishments and software companies are located , by half . Of the state's total demandof 11,500MW ,Chennai consumes around 2,200MW a day . The state's total power generation from all sources , including wind energy , is around 7,000MW . \"Domestic consumers may have only an hour of scheduled power cuts a day this week,\" said a TNEB source .Most commercial establishments in the city , including software firms , were closed on Tuesday and Wednesday . All courts , including theMadrashighcourt ,will re-open on Monday . Most shops were closed on Tuesday . TNEB sources said the power consumed by these establishments were re-routed for domestic consumption . \"Shops in areas like T Nagar , Pondy Bazar ,Purasawalkam andP arry's consume around 600 MW out of the city's total daily consumption of 2,200MW , while another 500MW is consumed by companies , especially softwarefirmsin theITCorridor ,\" said a source.Even voltage fluctuations have been reduced as pump setshave notbeen usedfor irrigation in the past few days due to the rain . The agricultural sector accounts for about 60 % of the state's total power consumption . There are 2.3 crore electricity connections in the state , including 25 lakh in Chennai.TNEB sources , however , said the two-hour scheduled power cuts in the city could resume soon . \"This will happen once all sectors begin consuming power to the maximum . However , this won't happen until next week,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16954291", "title": "Youth gets life imprisonment for raping mother", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth has been sentenced to life imprisonment by a Delhi court for raping his mother with the judge saying that he tried to destroy the distinction between a man and an animal with his \"heinous\" act.Convict Nand Kishore earlier faced the trial for murdering his father but after he was acquitted of the charges and came out of the jail, he raped his mother early this year, the court noted while sentencing him.It said the convict does not deserve any mercy and any leniency shown to him would be misplaced as the Supreme Court too has held that any leniency in matters of sexual offences is not only undesirable but also against the public interest.\"Abominable offence committed by the accused (Kishore) is the gravest immoral act and accused deserves no leniency as he had tried to obliterate the line between a man and an animal,\" additional sessions judge (ASJ) Vijay Kumar Dahiya said.The court also imposed a fine of Rs 20,000 on the convict and said the amount, if recovered, should be given to the victim as compensation.According to the prosecution, Kishore had entered his mother's house in an inebriated state on May 3 this year and when she asked her to go away, he said he would also live there and teach her a lesson.He then raped her and also threatened to kill her if she raised an alarm, the prosecution said adding that later the woman locked Kishore in her house and called the police.The woman told the court that Kishore, her younger son, had earlier been sent to jail for allegedly murdering her husband and when he was released from the jail, she had not allowed him to stay in her house.She also said Kishore was addicted to alcohol and drugs and his wife had also left him due to harassment done by him.Kishore had sought leniency on the ground that he was young and has two children to look after and was also the sole bread earner for his family.The prosecutor, however, had sought maximum punishment for him saying he had raped his own mother and if he is given a lesser sentence, it will lead to deterioration of moral values in the society.While sentencing Kishore, the court said the offence committed by him is \"too heinous\" and he does not deserve any leniency.\"The offence committed by the convict is more serious in nature and he, in total disregard to moral and social values, went on ruining her life by committing immoral act of the highest order.\"It is evident that the convict treated the victim (his mother) only as an object to fulfil his sexual desire,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16950190", "title": "F1 action returns to India; crucial race for Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: As the title race for the 2012 Formula One season has almost turned into a clash between Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso , separated by just six points, the two drivers would look to strengthen their positions when they hit the track at the Indian Grand Prix on Sunday.A hat-trick of victories -- at Singapore, Japan and Korea -- has catapulted the defending champion Vettel to the top of the drivers' table with 215 points, reviving his aspirations for his third straight title.Red Bull's Vettel got back his pace and rhythm after the summer break and has opened up a narrow lead over Ferrari's Alonso, who has been the most consistent driver of the season.Had it not been for retirements in Belgium and Japan, Alonso could have been placed in a much better position. With nine podium finishes, including three victories, Alonso has always looked a force to beat this season.With just four races to go, a good result at the Buddh International Circuit on Sunday would do a world of good to both Vettel and Alonso and further spice up the title race.Finnish driver Kimi Raikkonen is third with 167 points, followed by McLaren's Lewis Hamilton (153) and Mark Webber (152) in the second Red Bull.Unlike the last year, the championship is still alive at this stage of the season, which threw seven different winners in the first seven races, including a surprise Pastor Maldonado of Williams.Vettel, who won the inaugural Indian GP , is on the cusp of a historic hat-trick of Formula One world titles. The German has a chance to become F1's youngest treble champion.He would join Michael Schumacher and the legendary Juan Manuel Fangio if he claims his third straight world title at the age of just 25.And the German racer knows that it could boil down to the last race of the season just like in 2010 when he won his maiden championship on the last day of the calendar.\"As for the championship, it's tough but that's what it is about. I'm looking forward to the next couple of races. We had a good last couple of races but you know, we've seen the championship is pretty much up and down, a lot of things can happen. What do we do? I think we have to focus on ourselves; we need to have our best possible results and then we go from there,\" Vettel said.It will also be the last time when Indian fans will get to see the legendary Schumacher race in the country. The seven-time world champion will say good bye to F1 at the end of the season, which like his comeback with Mercedes, has been far from exciting and fruitful.The German, who dominated the F1 world with seven titles and record 91 victories, has failed to win a single race in his second stint.A third place at European Grand Prix this season has been his best result in his comeback. He has struggled with the pace of his car but now that he has nothing to lose, it gives him the luxury of racing without any pressure in the remaining four races.This race is also crucial for the home team Sahara Force India, who are locked in a good battle with Sauber for the sixth position at constructors' table.Force India, lying seventh in the table, are trailing Sauber by 27 points and realistically the lead is too difficult to surmount. The team is aiming to get both the cars in the top-10 at this race. Last year, Adrian Sutil had finished ninth.Nico Hulkenberg and Paul di Resta have said that they will try to make their home race special for the fans by getting a big result.The two drivers have done well this season, recording their career-best fourth positions at Belgium and Singapore.For Narain Karthikeyan, the only Indian driver in F1, a finish inside top-20 would be a good result considering the issues he has with his HRT car. He had finished 17th last year and wants to better his performance before the home crowd.From the organisational point of view, the Jaypee Sports International (JPSI) had delivered a fantastic race in 2011 and they are expected to do better, having modified the facilities a bit.The drivers had admired the circuit and even termed it as one of the most challenging, but there were complaints of dust on it. The organisers have tried to make it a dust-free facility and the drivers will find a lot of greenery around the BIC.The circuit has one of the longest straights in F1 and has a 62 per cent capacity for Drag Reduction System (DRS) in qualifying just like Spa-Francorchamps.To add to the overtaking options, there will be extended DRS zone this time around. Besides the original DRS zone that runs along the full length of the start-finish straight, the second zone between Turns 3 and 4 has been extended by 80 metres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951192", "title": "Harish Jaiswal busy with his next movie", "text": "Bhojpuri director and producer Harish Jaiswal is busy preparing for his next big venture. On being asked he revealed that he is the process of making a huge blockbuster with some bigwigs of the industry. If sources are to be beleived it could either be Khesari Lal or the Bigg Boss contestant Nirahua.His previous film 'Kajra Mohabbat Wala' was one of the biggest blockbusters of this film industry. And the audience are expecting him to create the same magic again. There are a total of nine songs in the movie written by Rakesh Nirala.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16946508", "title": "No city for old people", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An hour at the office of an old-age home can give you a glimpse of society. You can spot many sons checking facilities for their parents. Some senior citizens also approach old-age home authorities through social institutions \u2014 or even on their own \u2014 with tales of despair.The reasons for the grim trend range from conflicts with children over property to being accused in dowry cases by daughters-in-law. These elders have seen it all.\"Old age comes with a number of problems ranging from health complications to irritation towards new generation's habits and practices,\" says Parshu Kakkad of Jeevan Sandhya. \"At such times, some children understand the problems, some don't. We can't educate children to respect their parents or to take care of them in old age. We have seen cases where sons sever ties with parents, who have toiled all their life for their children. These elders are packed off to old-age homes.\" Worse still, Kakkad said, some children are selfish enough to take the aged parents home only when they require them to be present at social functions like weddings and promptly send them back to old-age homes after the need is fulfilled.Arjunsinh Rathod, a trustee of Kailas Dham near Pethapur in Gandhinagar, said that the so-called generation gap appeared years ago and will remain for the time to come. \"Earlier, senior citizens could live at their own homes in old age because the neighbours were helpful and compassionate,\" he said. \"Today, when there is trouble in every house, who has time to attend to other's business?\"However, many disagree with that view. \"Why do we always see old-age homes as a problem and make the children seem guilty of a crime?\" said Mayank Dave of Jeevan Sandhya on Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar highway. \"Old age is simply a phase in life where it becomes difficult for a person to adapt to changes. The gap between generations is widening primarily due to the onslaught of technology and the ever rising pressure to stay afloat. This is the reason why many citizens opt to live with people of their age-group and with people who can understand them better. This could well be a new phase in their lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16945205", "title": "They've managed to make a great track, says F1 Driver Nico Rosberg", "text": "GURGAON: It's like a whole new world inside the cockpit of a Formula 1 car. The combination of high-speed and high-power felt at the F1 wheel is enough to make you think as if you were bending the rules of conventional reality. At suitable speeds, even gravity becomes three times as intense. This is the world in which F1 driver Nico Rosberg prefers spending most of his days. And it's not often that you can catch him doing anything below 250kmph, let alone getting him completely off the track.So Tuesday's special event at Gurgaon's Westin hotel, organized in Rosberg's honour, was special perhaps for this reason, too - it was Nico's rare off-track moment. Although most of the talk, as expected, was track related. \"It's great to come to India. There is much potential in this country when it comes to the sport. And of course, there is a great fan following. And now they have managed to make a great track too. I am looking forward to the race this weekend,\" said the Mercedes AMG Petronas driver, who won his first pole position, beating Lewis Hamilton, earlier this year at the Chinese Grand Prix.A German by birth and a now a resident of the race capital of world, Monaco, Rosberg's talent for F1 was seen very early on, when, as he said, he was a three-year-old. \"My father was a racing driver, and I guess looking at him, I wanted to do the same. I remember when I was three I would be playing with my little toy race-cars,\" Rosberg said, speaking at the F1 event organized by the Starwood Hotels and Resorts.Today his list of on-track achievements is lengthening annually. He won the Lorenzo Bandini Trophy last year, an award that has been given to the best of names in the sport in the past, including Hamilton and Sebastien Vettel. He also holds the record for the fastest lap clocked by the youngest driver on an F1 track.Surprisingly for a guy given to high-velocity thrills of the F1 variety, Rosberg's preferred pastime in his non-racing days is golf. \"I started golf again. I had dropped the game earlier thinking it an old man's sport. But now I have started enjoying it really.\"At 27, Rosberg has plenty to boast of. Accolades, awards and a fulfilling childhood dream - a promising racing career. What next then? \"Next dream? Start a family, maybe.\" But, more %seriously, the next big dream %is the most immediate one. \"I hope I get on the podium %at the Indian Grand Prix this weekend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950004", "title": "Puri Jagannath readying script for Mahesh Babu", "text": "After successfully penning a solid script for power star Pawan Kalyan, Puri Jagannadh has left to Bangkok to work on a fresh story for superstar Mahesh Babu. The maverick director, who is currently cooling his heels in Bangkok, is now planning to pen a unique script for a racy entertainer with Mahesh Babu. And what's more, producer Bandla Ganesh Babu, under Parameswara Arts, is bringing this combination together.Mahesh Babu and Puri Jagannath earlier worked for Businessman, which was a smashing hit at the box office and the duo is looking to recreate the magic next year. Sources say that the film is likely to start next year after the actor wraps up Sukumar's untitled film produced by 14 Reels Entertainment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16945540", "title": "A ritual of pain to connect with the past", "text": "COIMBATORE: For 19-year-old S Naveen, a resident of RS Puram, Para Kathi Podum Vizha (stabbing with holy knives), an annual ritual of self mutilation with sharp-edged swords and knives, is a matter of faith and tradition. He does not mind the wounds on both arms and claims it does not hurt. Naveen is pursuing a diploma course at a private polytechnic college near Kuniyamuthur and makes it a point never to miss the annual event along with his cousins and family members. \"I have visible injuries on my upper arms, but I can assure you that it does not hurt,\" says Naveen.Every year on Vijayadashami, hundreds of devotees from the devanga chettiar community line up the city streets from RS Puram to the Sri Ramalinga Sowdambikai Amman Temple on Raja Street inflicting stab wounds on themselves as a symbolic ritual to invoke and escort the principal deity, Sowdambikai. Elaborate security arrangements are made to ensure traffic movement along the route as the devotees take the walk chanting \"vesko thalli, theesko thalli\" in Telugu, which loosely means here's my offering, accept it and bless us. For many among the youth, it is also an opportunity to showcase their bravery and endurance in the face of pain and suffering before onlookers.\"It is a centuries-old custom within our community. It is a matter of great pride and devotion to be part of the ritual. Right from young children to senior citizens participate,\" says A Mohankumar, vice president, Sri Ramalinga Sowdambikai Amman Temple Raja Street.The ritual, which is one of the most important ones among the Telugu-speaking devanga chettiars, has its roots in a community myth. The chettiars are predominantly weavers and it is claimed that once somewhere in Andhra Pradesh, the devotees were trying to usher the goddess to a newly-built temple across a river. \"The goddess said that she will follow them till they reach the temple and asked them to listen closely to the sound of her anklets. But when she was crossing the river, the sound of the anklets could not be heard and the devotees thought they had lost her. So they started invoking the goddess by trying to stab themselves until they started hearing the anklet sound again,\" says N Ramalingam, secretary of the temple.Only men are allowed to take part in the ritual and there is no specific age limit or criteria. A section of the community members are deployed in the crowd to apply bhandari podi (a mixture of various varieties of turmeric) on the wounds, which according to them, is the best disinfectant for any open injury.However, it cannot be ignored that the bleeding and the injury are for real as the temple floor and premises are smattered with blood oozing out from the wounds of the devotees at the end of the ritual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946556", "title": "Winters sets in as mercury dips", "text": "JAIPUR: Mercury continued to drop across the state for the second consecutive day on Wednesday when majority of places witnessed minimum temperatures below the normal levels.Attributing the steady dip in the mercury to the active western disturbances, disappearance of factors like upper air cyclonic circulation and northerly winds, the met office said temperatures would continue to fall in the next couple of days.Jaipurities woke up to a comparatively chilly morning as a minimum temperature of 18.8 degree Celsius was recorded compared to 21.4 degree Celsius on Tuesday. In the afternoon, chilly winds were experienced in the city as a result of mild showers in the outskirts of Jaipur.Mount Abu in the hills and Sriganganagar in the plains remained coldest places and recorded minimum temperatures of 12 and 12.7 degrees Celsius respectively. They were followed by Pilani that touched a minimum temperature of 14.4 degree Celsius, Churu 14.7, Bikaner 16.5, Chittorgarh 17, Udaipur 17.5, Jaisalmer 17.8, Ajmer 19.2, Jodhpur 19.5, Barmer 20.0 and Kota recorded a minimum temperature of 21.3 degree Celsius.Even though there was a fall in the minimum temperatures (night temperatures), maximum temperatures (day temperatures) didn't show any significant decline.\"For last one week, night temperatures has been dipping and the ongoing climatic conditions suggest that the winters will set in within a week,\" said an officer of the Jaipur met office.Scattered rains were witnessed in some parts of the southern Rajasthan including Kota, Chittorgarh, Baran and Jhalawar.Met office said mercury will continue to take a dip across the state in the next couple of days especially in the western Rajasthan.The winter will settle in the state in the next couple of days starting from the border districts including Churu, Sriganganagar, Bikaner, Barmer and Jaisalmer. In Jaipur, it will take another week to witness an average minimum temperature of 15.0 degree Celsius and an average maximum temperature of 28.0 degree Celsius which is usually witnessed in the full-fledged winter times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946723", "title": "No hospital opts for organ harvesting", "text": "PUNE: No hospital in the city has registered itself as non-transplant organ retrieval centres (NTORCs) despite the state setting a deadline of October 15 for hospitals with ICU and operation theatres to come forward to encourage organ donation.State public health minister Suresh Shetty said that low awareness could be the probable cause of the poor response. He has directed the health department to conduct an awareness drive. Besides, the registration date has been extended till October 30.About 90 hospitals in the city and some 60 hospitals in Pimpri Chinchwad have ICU and operation theatres.The state government had set October 15 as the deadline for hospitals that want to be designated as organ retrieval centres to enroll with the respective zonal transplantation coordination committee (ZTCC). The decision to set a deadline was taken on September 17.Earlier, organ retrieval was permitted only at hospitals that performed organ transplant surgeries. To encourage organ donation, the health department issued a Government Resolution (GR) recently stating that hospitals with an operation theatre (OT) and an intensive care unit (ICU) can enrol with the Zonal Transplant Co-ordination Committee (ZTCC) to become organ retrieval centres.There are less than 100 transplant centres in the state. More people will come forward to donate organs if hospitals with OTs and ICUs register themselves as retrieval centres, said a health department official. There are eight hospitals in Pune who are registered with ZTCC Pune as transplant centres since 2004.\"Hospitals registered as non-transplant organ retrieval centres are permitted to certify brain death as stipulated in the government order and thereafter can carry out organ retrieval. But they are not permitted to perform transplant of human organs,\" said a senior state health official.Due to the dismal rate of cadaver organ donations in Maharashtra, patients suffer long delays that sometimes even results in death. Pune city's cadaver donation count in the past eight years stands at less than 50 kidneys and three livers.\"Hospitals need to be motivated to come forward for this noble task,\" said senior nephrologist F F Wadia, who is also the secretary of ZTCC, Pune, a registered body with the charity commissioner. It was formed by the appropriate authority through a government resolution. Its primary aim is to promote cadaver organ transplant.The US records one of the highest cadaver organ donations in the world. \"While the count there was initially poor, the numbers increased after the government linked medical aid with organ donation,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949095", "title": "Tom Cruise sues mag for $50m over abandoning daughter story", "text": "Tom Cruise has filed a 50-million-dollar defamation lawsuit against Life and Style magazine for publishing articles that claimed the actor has abandoned his six-year-old daughter, Suri.The actor's attorney, Bert Fields, said to falsely claim the actor deserted his daughter is a \"vicious lie.\"\"Tom is a caring father who dearly loves Suri. She's a vital part of his life and always will be,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying.\"To say it in lurid headlines with a tearful picture of Suri is reprehensible,\" he said.The lawsuit was filed in a Los Angeles federal court.Cruise doesn't like to file lawsuits but felt it was appropriate because \"sleaze peddlers\" are trying to make money about the actor's relationship with his daughter, Fields said.\"These serial defamers are foreign-owned companies with their global headquarters in Hamburg ,\" he said.\"They take money from unsuspecting Americans by selling their malicious garbage. Having to pay a libel judgment may slow them down,\" he added.If Cruise prevails, Fields said his client would give the money to charity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "sundernagar ( hp )", "code": "16953856", "title": "Gadkari being framed as Congress faces serious corruption charges, BJP says", "text": "SUNDERNAGAR ( HP ): Refusing to be on the back foot over allegations against its president Nitin Gadkari , BJP on Thursday suggested that he was being framed as Congress was facing serious charges of corruption.Launching a counter-attack on the Congress at a poll rally here, BJP leader Sushma Swaraj said Congress has set \"new records\" in corruption and linked it to steep rise in prices.\"The central government has only two accomplishments \u2014 breaking the back of the common people and breaking records in corruption. The price rise is due to the wrong policies of the government and corruption indulged in by it,\" she said.Referring to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's remark that \"money does not grow on trees\", the leader of the opposition in Lok Sabha said, \"Pradhan mantriji money does not grow on trees, but money is found in the pockets of Congress leaders.\"Referring to allegations against Gadkari, she said, \"When Congress leaders' faces were blackened, they decided to malign us also and accused our national president Nitin Gadkari. But he did not sit at home. He faced the media alone and replied to all charges made against him.\"He is the only leader to have volunteered for a probe into the allegations against him from any agency, even though these agencies are controlled by them (government) ... He is confident that he will not be found guilty,\" she said.\"We come out with pride, they do it with shame,\" Swaraj said chiding at the Congress leaders embroiled in scams.She said the government has turned inimical towards corruption and scams and has indulged in scams on the ground, above it and even below it \u2014 reference to CWG, 2G and coalgate scams which totalled up to Rs 4.38 lakh crore.Urging people to take a conscious decision during polls, she told them to make a comparison between the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre and the Dhumal-led BJP government in the state before casting vote.\"You have to chose between a government working for people and the one which is corrupt,\" she said.Swaraj also lashed out at Congress leader Virbhadra Singh for corruption charges against him and called upon the people to pat Dhumal for the good work done by him. She also urged rebels in the fray to return to the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16954191", "title": "Heroin worth Rs 25 crore and fake notes recovered", "text": "AMRITSAR: State Special Operation Cell, Amritsar, a unit of Counter Intelligence wing of Punjab Police recovered 5 kilogram heroin valued at around Rs 25 crore in the international market and Rs 2.25 lakh fake Indian currency notes following the arrest of two cross border smugglers Jassa Singh and Harpal Singh .Assistant Inspector Geneal Rachpal Singh informed on Thursday that both of them were apprehended from near Ram Teerath Road while they were waiting for a party to deliver the consignment of heroin and fake notes in their Scorpio car. A case FIR No. 17 Dated 25/10/2012 U/s 21/25/29/61/85 NDPS Act, 489-A,B,C, 420, 120-B IPC, Ps. State Special Operation Cell has been registered in this regard.He informed that the preliminary investigations of the alleged accused had revealed that, the duo was indulging in cross border smuggling of heroin and fake Indian currency notes and were delivering them to different destinations like Amritsar and Delhi. \"It has also been revealed that the accused have delivered two consignments of heroin, recently at different destinations\" said he adding that they were trying to decipher the Pak connection of smugglers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16954358", "title": "It will be a battle of package between me and Vettel: Fernando Alonso", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Just six points separate the two-way title race between defending champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull and Fernando Alonso and the second-placed Ferrari driver feels that the remaining four races, which will decide the eventual winner, would be a \"battle of package\" between the two outfits.With 206 points in his kitty, Alonso is presently lying a close second to Vettel, who is leading the driver standings.But Alonso feels he has every chance of beating Vettel for the title race, provided he comes up with four more \"perfect races\" this season.\"Still four races to go and I have nearly the same points as Vettel. There is all possibility to push for the championship (title). (As a team) we are in a position to fight for the world championship,\" he said at the Buddh International Circuit here today ahead of Sunday's Indian Grand Prix.Asked about the mouth-watering duel between him and Vettel, Alonso said: \"It will be a battle of package. Everyone will have their strong points and weak areas. At the moment Red Bull may have the fastest cars, especially on qualifying days, but we will try to use our strong points.\"Our performance (this season) may have been up and down but our approach towards a race is the same, there is no difference. We were leading the championship till the last race in Korea, thanks mainly to our consistency. We had 16 perfect races and we just need another four perfect races. If we can have another four perfect races, I think we will be very close to winning the championship.\"After 16 races, the race for the constructors' championship is also wide open with Red Bull leading the team standings with 367 points, just 77 points ahead of second-placed Ferarri (290), and Alonso said the Italian outfit is completely focussed on producing improved performances in the remainder of the season.\"In the last few races our car has been very strong, very quick. But there are ups and downs for everybody. We need to improve our situation, our level of competitiveness. The whole team wants to win the championship. So, everyone is fully focussed,\" the Spaniard said.He also lavished praise on the BIC, which will host its second F1 race on Sunday.\"The track is one of the most challenging, especially the first sector. It has very high speed corners. Tomorrow it may not be that good because it did not host many races after last year's Grand Prix. But I think it will be at its best on Saturday (qualifying) and Sunday,\" Alonso said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16946822", "title": "Navratra festivities come to end", "text": "BHOPAL: The nine-day long festivities of Navratra came to an end with the celebrations of Vijay Dashami. Effigies of Ravan were burnt mainly at the TT Nagar Dussehra maidan, Kolar, Chola maidan in the old city and at the BHEL Dussehra ground.The immersion of Durga idols also started at different banks of the upper and lower lakes amid heavy security arrangements. The process of immersion continued till late in the night.In the afternoon, married women bade adieu to Goddess Durga at various Bengali associations, including TT Nagar and BHEL Kalibaris. The women smeared sindur (vermilion) on each other followed by distribution of sweets on premises.In all, around 17 effigies were burnt at different places of the city. Kolar Dusshera Maidan saw the biggest Ravan effigy at 105 ft height. The effigies were burnt between 6.30 and 9.30 pm.Traffic was diverted around these parts in the evening hours and serpentine queues of vehicles were seen at the stretch around BHEL ground to MP Nagar, Hoshangabad Road and Bittan market area among others. Heavy vehicles were prohibited from entering the city after 6 pm.Governor Ram Naresh Yadav and chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan extended good wishes on the occasion of Dussehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947252", "title": "10 dyeing units found flouting pollution norms", "text": "Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) on Wednesday found 10 dying units working in violation of it directions. Special teams from PPCB conducted raids on 24 dyeing units in different areas of Patiala including Tajpur Road, Focal Point, Industrial Area-A, Bahadur-ke-road, Jalandhar bypass, Rahon and Tibba road to check compliance of pollution control laws and to cross-check whether these units were operating their effluent treatment plant effectively. The teams found eight units violating water laws and two units violating air pollution related laws. The samples have been collected and sent to PPCB's central laboratory for analysis.'Poor situatuon deters NRIs': An Indian-origin mayor in the UK has said \"poor\" law and order situation in Punjab is deterring NRIs from investing in the state. \"The atmosphere is not conducive for investment in Punjab. Law and order is poor and there is no solution for NRIs' problems, which are aggravating day-by-day,\" mayor of Hounslow, Preetam Singh Grewal told reporters here. \"Poor law and order situation is one of the most important reasons that deters the NRIs, especially those from Punjab, from making investments,\" Grewal said, who traces his roots to Ludhiana. \"If there are no financial relations with the city, the third generation of Punjabis in foreign countries would never come here,\" Grewal, who is here on a private visit, said. A favourable atmosphere needs to be created and law and order situation improved to attract investments that would help improve the economic condition of the city, Grewal said.Haryana revises DA: The Haryana government has revised the rates for dearness allowance (DA) relief for its pensioners and family pensioners from 65 to 72 per cent with effect from July 1, 2012. Finance minister H S Chattha said the DA relief to pensioners and family pensioners would be admissible on the pattern of Union government. The government would spend a sum of Rs 8.35 crore per month to give this increased DA relief, he said. The minister said to provide the relief from July, 2012, to February, 2013 an additional amount of Rs 66.80 crore would be incurred, resulting in an additional annual burden of Rs 100.20 crore for the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16945280", "title": "Pernem judicial magistrate first class directs cops to file FIR against land owner", "text": "MAPUSA: The judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) court at Pernem directed the Pernem police to file an FIR against the land owner. The JMFC judge issued the order while hearing a plea against and alleged hill cutting activity at Oshalbag in Dhargalim.Activist Nilesh Patekar had approached the JMFC court at Pernem with the complaint. On hearing the application filed by Patekar, judge Vijayalaxmi Shivolkar passed the order directing the police to file an FIR against the land owner. The court had earlier directed the Pernem police to stop the work, conduct the panchanama and report to the court.The complainant stated that the owner of the land had obtained a sanad from the Pernem deputy collector to convert 510 sq m of land from agriculture to non-agriculture in survey No. 280/1-A-1 of the village, but had instead cut a portion of the hill amounting to more than 2,000 sq m.Locals have alleged that the hill cutting activity at Oshalbag is being undertaken as plans are afoot to set up a petrol pump. Large tracts of the hilly land have been cleared and cut to bring it to the level of the highway, villagers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946731", "title": "Export of grains good for economy: Chavan", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said the ban on export of sugar, onion and cotton is not good for farmers and the economy.Speaking at the inauguration of the crushing season at Vighnahar cooperative sugar factory in Junnar on Wednesday, Chavan told farmers that the state government was in touch with the Union government about opportunities that can be created for agricultural produce in the international market.State cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil, minister of state for home Satej Patil, Shiv Sena MP Shivaji-Adhalrao Patil, MLA from Junnar Vallabh Benke and chairman of the sugar factory Sopan Sherkar were present at the event.Chavan said, \"Production of vegetables and food grains is increasing mainly due to modern seeds, fertilizers and introduction of good agricultural practices. The farmers are not getting good returns because their produce is sold only in the domestic market. If the vegetables and food grains are exported, income of the farmers will rise and will bring foreign currency to government coffers.\"The CM said the state-grown cotton and onion has good demand in the international market. Also, sugar from select factories is exported regularly. \"If a certain amount of agricultural produce is exported, it will balance the demand and supply in the domestic markets and prices will not crash.\"Commenting on the existing water crisis, he said, \"Sugarcane requires a higher water supply which has become an issue of debate. Drip irrigation or sprinklers can irrigate sugarcane lands and save water. There is a subsidy component provided by the union government, but we need to convince farmers about careful utilization of water.\"The demand for water is growing not only in the metros but even in the other towns of the state. There has to be a proper management of water for agriculture and urban usage, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950210", "title": "PMT moodiness is all in the mind", "text": "Symptoms like irritability in women are often unfairly blamed on their period when other factors like stress or a lack of support may be behind it, researchers say.According to Canadian researchers, premenstrual syndrome in women has been over-estimated and may not be the cause of women's bad moods at certain times of the month.In a new study, researchers at the University of Toronto assessed a wealth of research relating to premenstrual syndrome (PMS).They concluded that it 'failed to provide clear evidence in support of the existence of a specific premenstrual negative mood syndrome'.The problem is we tend to dismissively blame everything on PMS, disregarding other reasons why women may be angry or upset.\"The idea that any emotionality in women can be firstly attributed to their reproductive function - we''re sceptical about that,\" the Daily Mail quoted lead researcher Dr Sarah Romans as telling The Atlantic.\"I think most would assume that PMS is much more firmly evidence-based than in fact it is,\" Romans said.For the study, Dr Roman and her colleagues assessed more than 40 studies relating to PMS.While many found some association with mood at various times of a woman's cycle, there was no clear pattern as to which part of the cycle was affected and sometimes no relationship at all.36 percent found no association between mood and the menstrual cycle, while another 42 percent 'found an association of negative mood in the premenstrual phase, combined with another phase of the menstrual cycle.'Only 13 percent found an association between negative mood and the premenstrual phase.This suggests that hormonal fluctuations related to the menstrual cycle aren't necessarily to blame \"and when there is a menstrual cycle tie-up it's actually perimenstrual - the premenstrual (3-5 days before menstruation) and the menstrual phases together - not purely premenstrual,\" Dr Romans said.\"I think this can be seen as the modern day equivalent of the old wandering womb notion - that women are hysterical because of their reproductive system,\" she said.\"And when a woman's upset, it's still often one of the first thoughts people have - maybe she's premenstrual, rather than 'Is her physical health bad? Is she under a lot of stress? Is she lacking social support?,\" she added.The study has been published in the journal Gender Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947419", "title": "Ex-bank manager dies, 2 hurt as SUV smashes into auto", "text": "CHENNAI: A 59-year-old man was killed and two others were injured when the autorickshaw in which they were travelling was hit by an SUV in Velachery early on Wednesday.Police said Khedrinath , a retired chief manager with TN Co-operative Bank, and his wife Vijaya were going to fix an alliance for their son when the accident occurred.Around 5am, the residents of Kuberan Colony in Madipakkam were on their way to the Velachery MRTS station to board a train when an SUV trying to take a U-turn on the service lane near the station smashed into their vehicle . The autorickshaw overturned and Khedrinath sustained serious injuries to the head.Vijaya, a retired Central government employee , broke both her legs, while auto driver Anandan of Kovilambakkam suffered a few bruises. They were taken to the government general hospital from where Vijaya was shifted to the Sri Ramachandra Medical College Hospital. The couple's two sons live abroad, police said.The Guindy traffic investigation police registered a case and arrested SUV driver Saravanan who was returning after dropping an employee of an IT company at the Velachery MRTS railway station , police said. The driver lost the control of SUV as slush on the road made the area slippery , police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945051", "title": "156 vehicle registrations net 3 RTOs close to Rs 30L", "text": "MUMBAI: A total of 156 vehicles, including 66 four-wheelers, were registered at three Regional Transport Offices (RTOs) on the occasion of Dussehra on Wednesday. The total earnings from these registrations were Rs 30 lakh.At the Thane RTO (which covers Thane, Vasai, Navi Mumbai and Kalyan), the total earnings touched Rs 19.2 lakh. A senior transport department official said, \"In Thane, 150 four-wheelers and 110 two-wheelers were registered. In Mumbai, the tally stood at 66 four-wheelers and 90 two-wheelers.\"The Andheri and Wadala RTOs both earned Rs 12.5 lakh each. The number of two-wheelers registered at Andheri was 54, compared to 32 at Wadala. Similarly, the number of four-wheelers registered at Andheri was 38, compared to 14 at Wadala. At the Tardeo RTO, only two two-wheelers and 14 four-wheelers were registered.\"An official from the Wadala RTO said, \"Dealers had come in large numbers a day before Dussehra to register the vehicles. We were able to record an income of Rs 92 lakh on Tuesday because of registration of 80 four-wheelers and 250 two-wheelers.\" At Tardeo RTO, 496 vehicles were registered on Tuesday, but figures for Andheri were not available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16946372", "title": "Workshop on stress for engineering students", "text": "MANGALORE: The Campus Interview Training Solutions (CITS) will organize a workshop on 'How to beat stress' for final year engineering students.CITS co-founder Ananth Prabhu says that final year engineering students are under tremendous pressure to land a decent job through campus placement drives. However, about 25 to 30 per cent of students succeed in this.\"Several students have a perception that, if they do not get a job through campus interviews, their lives are spoilt. Stress at times pushes these engineering students to habits like tobacco and alcohol abuse. We are organizing the workshop to help students handle the stress in a better way,\" he added.At the workshop, experts will give tips to students to deal with the stress and also throw light on how they can get jobs by attending off campus interviews. The workshop is free for economically backward students and for others, there will be a fee of Rs 150.As part of the workshop, CITS will distribute 200 English dictionaries to students of government schools and conduct a free one-day computer training class in two government schools.The workshop will be held at hotel Ocean Pearl, between 3pm and 6pm on November 11. For details dial 8951511111 or e-mail to info@ananthprabhu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16946599", "title": "No respite from garbage deluge", "text": "BANGALORE: Vijayadashmi dawned upon Bangalore with 20,000 tonnes of garbage drowning the Dasara festivities in stench. With Bakrid round the corner, and animal offal certain to add to the muck, a pressure cooker-like situation is building up across the city.Monday's resolution of the Mandur problem, where protesting villagers agreed to allow dumping for three more months, appears to have given the city no respite from the garbage crisis.However, BBMP officials claimed that lifting of garbage had begun on a war footing and additional men and material were pressed into action.Areas like Malleswaram and Vasantnagar looked largely clean, but Rajajinagar, West of Chord Road, Basavanagudi, Seshadripuram, Avenue Road, Chickpet, Shivajinagar and Commercial Street were still wallowing in garbage.In most areas, garbage piles could be seen on main roads and thoroughfares.A BBMP spokesperson said 50 additional trucks were pressed into action to clear the garbage, following the festival. \"We've lifted around 3,500 tonnes of garbage from the streets on Wednesday. But over 10,000 tonnes of waste is lying around, which we want to clear before Friday,\" he said.However, the BBMP appears not to have taken into account the 5,000 tonnes of waste that will be generated each day on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. With 3,500 tonnes being lifted every day, by Friday evening, the city will still have to contend with 14,500 tonnes, by BBMP's own admission. If the 20,000-tonne backlog on Wednesday morning is considered, by Friday evening, 20,000-plus tonnes of garbage will still be lying on the streets.The spokesperson said most of the waste is being taken to Mandur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950172", "title": "Good rapport with boss means more than money", "text": "A better relationship with managers makes employees more happy as compared to pay raise, researchers say.Psychologist Michelle McQuaid, who recently conducted a study on 1000 American executives, found that 65 per cent of workers say a better relationship with their manager would make them happy, while 35 per cent said they would choose a pay raise over a better bossWhile many are likely thankful to have a job in such a tight market, only 36 percent of Americans are actually happy at their job, Fox News reported.What's more - 31 per cent of employees polled said they feel uninspired and unappreciated by their boss, and 15 per cent said they feel miserable, bored and lonely at work.According to McQuaid, having unhappy workers is a huge drain on a company's bottom line as it costs organizations 360 billion dollars annually in lost productivity.Nearly 60 per cent of Americans said they would do a better job at work if they got along better with their boss.Some of the respondents even pointed the finger at their bosses for their own career trajectories and more than half said they would be more successful if they got along better with their boss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946950", "title": "Special train to connect Indore with South India", "text": "INDORE: In view of the growing demand from passengers this vacation, Western Railway has decided to run a special train from October 28 to December 25 on demand from passengers. Insiders are taking it as an indication towards further delay in starting the much-demanded Indore-Yeshwantpur Express for connecting Indore with the rest of South India on a regular basis.Four general coaches of the LHB rake had developed snags and therefore they could not be brought to Indore and were attached with the rest of the rake that already reached here. The railway officials have denied comment on when the train between Indore and Yeshwantpur would be running regularly.Train number 09307 Indore-Yeshwantpur weekly train will run from October 28 to December 23 on Saturdays at 20.55 from Indore and reach Dewas on 21.41, 22.30 Ujjain, 23.22 Maxi, 23.39 Bercha, 00.14 Shujalpur, 01.10 Bairagarh, 01.45 Bhopal , 02.05 Habibganj, 03.35 Itarsi, 05.29 Betul, 07.20 Narkhed, 09.25 Chandrapur, 10.05 Amravati, 11.30 Akola, 13.34 Hingoli, 15.15 Purna, 16.25 Hazoor sahib Nanded, 17.20 Mudkhed, 18.45 Nizamabad, 19.50 Kamareddy, 21.41 Malkajgiri, 22.25 Kachiguda, 00.13 Mehboob Nagar, 01.20 Gadwal, 02.23 Karnool Town, 04.58 Guti, 07.20 Dharmavaram, and 11.15 Yeshwantpur via Yalahanka at 10.50, informed PRO (Indore) Pradeep Sharma.While on return, train number 09308 Yeshwantpur-Indore weekly special will run from October 30 to December 25 on Tuesdays. At 13.20 the train will leave Yeshwantpur at 13.20, reach Yalahanka 13.48, 17 Dharmavaram, 18.48 Guti, 21.52 Karnool Town, 22.59 Gadwal, 00.10 Mehboob Nagar, 02.05 Kachiguda, 02.39 Malkajgiri, 04.45 Kamareddy, 05.35 Nizamabad, 7.10 Mudkheda, 7.40 Hazoor Saheb Nanded, 08.50 Purna, 10.14 Hingoli, 13.40 Akola, 15.20 Amravati, 16 Chandrapur, 17.35 Narkhed, 19.21 Betul, 21.10 Itarsi, 22.58 Habibganj, 23.45 Bhopal, 7 Bairagarh, 01.02 Shujalpur, 01.35 Bercha, 01.56 Maxi, 03.10 Ujjain, and 5.05 Indore via Dewas at 04.12, said the PRO.\"The train would comprise one second AC, four 3 AC, seven sleeper and two general coaches,\" informed Sharma adding that nine rakes of special trains would be run between the two stations during the period. The reservation for the train would begin from October 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16947111", "title": "Solar power bus shelters for Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Trichy will soon experience solar power modern bus shelters as their construction, similar to those in New Delhi, has commenced. As many as 18 modern bus shelters and solar power lights will be set up in the city to improve infrastructure.The construction of four bus shelters began a few days before the chief minister unveiled the 'Tamil Nadu Solar Energy Policy 2012'. Trichy MP P Kumar from the AIADMK has sanctioned Rs 99.70 lakh for both bus shelters and solar power lights from his Member of Parliament Local Area Development Fund.The fibre glasses on the roof of the bus shelters will generate around 200 watts' power that can be used to illuminate a 11-watt light near the bus shelter. In addition to that, mobile phone chargers powered by solar energy will be fitted in all 18 bus shelters. People henceforth can charge their mobile phones while waiting for a bus.\"The idea came about after I witnessed modern solar power bus shelters in New Delhi. After studying the feasibilities of setting up such structures in Trichy, I identified 18 places and sanctioned Rs 92.5 lakh for bus shelters and Rs 7.20 lakh for solar power lights,\" Kumar told TOI.The construction of bus shelters commenced in Karumandapam area where four places have been identified for the purpose. The foundations were dug, but construction was stopped due to rain. However, the contractors have been told to finish the work in two months' time, said the Trichy MP.The places where the bus shelters will be erected are: four in Karumandapam, two each near government hospital, Ponmalaipatti and KK Nagar areas, and one each at Veereshwaram, Linga Nagar, Thennur, court, head post office, TVS toll gate, G Corner and Anna Statue.Each bus shelter will be constructed at Rs 4.5 lakh except the bus shelters in K K Nagar terminus and the government hospital, which will cost Rs 9 lakh each. The cost of the bus shelter near Anna statue in Chatram bus stand is Rs 7 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16950074", "title": "Persistent Systems appoints Sridhar Jagannathan as CIO", "text": "NEw DELHI: IT firm Persistent Systems said it has appointed Sridhar Jagannathan as its Chief Innovation Officer.Jagannathan will be based in Santa Clara , California , and report to company's President Hari Haran, Persistent Systems said in a statement.He will be responsible for driving innovations in products, solutions and services, it added.\"As enterprises begin to think of the next generation products, innovation will be a key differentiator and Sri brings this essential focus to the table for Persistent and its customers,\" Haran said.Jagannathan joins Persistent Systems from Intuit, where he was Vice President of Technology Strategy and Partnerships. Prior to this, he was the Managing Director for Symantec's India Development Center for consumer products.\"I am thrilled to join the outstanding engineering team of Persistent Systems and I look forward to bringing innovation to the center of every customer interaction,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947101", "title": "A celebration in every nook, corner", "text": "Children and youths in different parts of the city built Ravana effigies and had their own Dusshera celebrations. From making a trendy Ravana effigy to making a tall one, the youngsters had their own mark of distinction. A few children of Model House locality created a turbaned Ravana effigy complete with Rayban-like shades. Raman Kainth, 18, informed that he and his friends, Rahul Kainth, Karan Makkar, Harsimran Pal, Kunwar Dang, Himmat Makkar, Simar, Daman and Arshdeep joined hands to make the effigy. \"We wanted the effigy to be a contemporary and that's why we tied a turban and also made it wear shades. Though our Ravana effigy is a small-sized one but it is the trendiest one in the whole city. We took a lot of time to fashion the effigy and all of us contributed money for building it,\" said Raman.Satwik Mehndiratta and his four friends, Raunak Seth alias Rishabh, Rishu Attri, Harsimrat Singh and Joseph from New Model Town, who are in the age group of 10 to 13 years built a big effigy which was almost over 10 feet high. \"We took a little help from our parents, that too just in drawing Ravana's face. Rest all was done by us. And the money spent on making the effigy was contributed by us from our pocket money,\" said Satwik. \"We invited all our friends and their parents for the Dussehera and yes even we are really thrilled about having created the effigy on our own,\" gushed Rishabh.One more group of youngsters from New Model Town made another effigy. Sagar Duggal, along with his friends from the locality including Inderjeet Singh, Paras Saini, Honey Bhardwaj, Sagar Singh Tushar and Manav, who are in the age group of 18 to 20 years, are the ones who built it. \"We had decided that we would not be going to any other place for Dusshera and would make our own Ravana effigy and we did. Everyone from the locality came to see it,\" said Paras.Children of Green Park were so smitten by the Ravana effigy they built that they got a lot of pictures clicked with it before setting it on fire. Uday and his friends, Arshpreet Kaur, Harleen Kaur, Manav, Ayush and Kartik in the age group of 4 to 13 years, made the effigy and placed it in the park of their locality. \"We got our photographs clicked with the effigy, as we had created it by putting in a lot of effort,\" said Arshpreet.Like them many other youngsters in the city took pride in their 'creation.' Siddharth Verma and his friends, Mohit Sahni, Anshu, Sahni, Ankit Sharma, Harsh Sahni, Jaskaran Singh and Harinder Matharoo, from near the Model Gram Station area built an effigy and placed it in the open area near the railway lines. \"Not only did many residents from nearby areas come to see our Ravana, but people travelling in trains also waived to us and clapped to cheer us on,\" said Mohit.Divyansh, Dipanshu, Nikhil, Vasu, Raghav, Tanish, Vansh, Kartik and Tishu, residents of Civil Lines, also made a Ravana effigy. \"Though our effigy is small in size but it is the best one we have seen,\" said a proud Divyansh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16954447", "title": "Amritsar surgeon to present his work in Brisbane", "text": "AMRITSAR: Amritsar surgeon Dr US Dhaliwal has been invited to world surgical conference of international college of surgeons scheduled to be held in Brisbane on November 7 to present his work on Button Hole Cholecestectomy operation of gall bladder stone which he had been performing since 1994 and have done more than 15000 cases.While talking to media persons on Friday Dhaliwal informed that it takes only 2 stitches single incision and patient was discharged next day. He informed that common bile duct stones were also removed with this technique which was not easily possible in laparoscopic procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950163", "title": "Kamal Haasan remembers Yash Chopra", "text": "Kamal Haasan met the doyen of the Hindi film industry Yash Chopra a few weeks before the latter's passing away.\"And then I hear he's gone!\" Says the actor, shocked beyond words. \"This is no way to go. We met frequently. I met him for the last time three weeks ago. He was as enthusiastic as ever, though self admittedly he was feeling weak. I asked him why. His eyes twinkled like a child and he said, 'When you reach 32 you can't have the same energy level as when you are 19.' We laughed heartily at that one. Yashji's 80 years sat really comfortably on his shoulders. He never felt the weight of being \"The Yash Chopra\". He was in love with cinema. Not with its trappings. In that sense we were similar. When we met we were both like kids in a toy store staring at all the goodies around us. There was so much to imbibe, so much to do.\"What Kamal Haasan found the most endearing about the architect of the Yashraj empire was his simplicity. \"The sense of wonderment never left Yashji, no matter how much older he got he still had the same enthusiasm level every time we met. When we met last he told me about how he would meet in Chennai next for a song that A R Rahman was supposed to give him for his new film. That was never meant to be.\"Many times Yash Chopra and Kamal Haasan came close to cracking an idea they could work on. \"Don't ask me why we never worked together until now. We were too busy discussing ideas to actually get down to doing anything concrete. I've no regrets about not working with him. Just spending time discussing ideas with him was an experience worth treasuring. Even at 80 when I met him for the last time he was wonder-struck by the marvel of the motion-picture technique, of what magic it could do. Every time he liked something I said he would lean over like a school boy with that look which said, 'Really? We can actually do that?' I'll miss that unconditional sense of pleasure in the existence of cinema during my visits to Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16945818", "title": "Spanish lessons for Malayalis", "text": "MALAPPURAM: People of Malappuram will soon get an opportunity to learn Spanish language and culture from native Spanish teachers. The Instituto Cervantes of the government of Spain will start its centre in Malappuram with an aim to promote Spanish language and culture.The centre, which will be set up in collaboration with Ma'din Academi in the district, would be the sixth of its kind in the country and the first one in the state.The Instituto Cervantes is a public institution founded in 1991 by the government of Spain with an aim to promote Spanish language and fostering knowledge of Spanish and Hispanic American culture. Currently, the institute has 78 centres spread across 44 countries. In India, currently the institute has centres in Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Chennai and Pune.A collaboration agreement regarding the setting up of the centre has been signed between the Instituto Cervantes in New Delhi and Ma'din Academy recently. The chairman of Ma'din Academy Sayyid Ibraheemul Khaleelul Bukhari visited Instituto Cervantes in New Delhi and held a discussion with the director of the centre, Oscar Pujol Reimbau.Instituto Cervantes will also carry out various cultural and literary activities for Spanish students in Kerala. The institute will also introduce their Spanish courses through the Spanish vrtual cassroom to the students of the state.Different aspects of the Spanish language, such as grammar, vocabulary and phonetics, colloquial expressions and socio-cultural realities of the Spanish-speaking countries across the world would be the major topics in the Spanish academy.\"This would be a golden opportunity for Malayalis to understand the rich culture of Spain. We are very happy to collaborate with Instituto Cervantes,\" said chairman of Ma'din.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950267", "title": "Portman's 'fuller cleavage' sparks breast implants speculation", "text": "Natalie Portman has stirred rumours that she may have gone under the knife after she wowed onlookers with a seemingly fuller cleavage.The 31-year-old actress was filming scenes for a new Terrence Malick movie, at a college game of American football , when audience members noticed her at the sidelines.The 'Black Swan' star wore a sexy embroidered vest top and black leather jacket, with her newly dyed blonde hair falling over her shoulders, the Daily Telegraph reported.However, it was her upper torso that distracted fans from the game.\"All eyes were on the 31-year-old as she mingled with actor Michael Fassbender showing off a bulging cleavage,\" the Sun wrote.\"Natalie's fans aren't convinced her new look is natural. After spotting her at the game , Twitter users logged on to share their views on her curvy new shape.\"One wrote, 'Natalie Portman @ the Texas-Baylor game....boob job? Looks like it!',\" the publication said.Portman is known for her petite figure, but it was reported that breastfeeding her son Aleph, born in June 2011, gave her a fuller cleavage.\"Wait a second, did natalie portman get a boob job? Is she pregnant? On the sidelines of Texas game and #wow, (sic)\" another Twitter user wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945706", "title": "Aapnu Gujarat in nammude Keralam", "text": "KOCHI: Dandiya queen Falguni Pathak's Ke Odhni Odhu Odhu Ne Udi Jaaye can be heard being played loudly in the room. MCA student Jharna Madani watches her parents and other members of her family dancing to the song in a traditional manner.A few minutes later, Jharna and her group join them and introduce some new dance steps. Her parents hesitate at first, but soon the group strikes a balance between the traditional and the modern, as they prepare for the 'dandiya nite', being organized as part of Jharna's wedding celebrations on November 30.\"To me, Kochi is home. We have no links with our hometown in Saurashtra. I have never been there either. But being a Gujarati by birth, I want to celebrate the most important day of my life in Kochi in Gujarati style,\" said Jharna.And to help the Gujaratis, who are emotionally bonded with Kochi, keep their rituals alive, there is Pandit Jawahar Joshi, someone who is much in demand, especially during the wedding season.\"I have performed more than 500 Gujarati weddings. They are a huge hit even with people from other communities, thanks to the popular TV serials showing elaborate Gujarati weddings,\" said Joshi.\"Jawahar Panditji was in his twenties when he got us married in Kochi in 1977. Thirty years later, in 2007, he got my daughter too married,\" Bharti Dagha said.It is not just their rituals. Gujaratis also love their food.\"In the morning we eat fafda and jalebi or khakra. For lunch and dinner, we have roti (chapati), dal and shakh (vegetable curry). However, we also relish Onam sadya and puttu-kadla,\" said Chetan Shah, secretary, Shri Cochin Gujarati Mahajan.And catering to the Gujarati taste buds is Shantilal Mithaiwala on Gujarati Road in Mattanchery. \"Our special masala tea, fafda, jalebi, peda, dhokla and kachori are a huge hit in the area,\" said shop owner Ronak Shah.The shop also supplies traditional dresses and saris procured from either Gujarat or Mumbai. There are 786-odd Gujarati families in Kochi, who are registered with the Gujarati Mahajan Samaj.\"Gujaratis here are one big family and we are always there for each other,\" said Rasik Gadoya, whose grandfather was the first Gujarati to come to Kochi.However, they rue that their golden period is over. Bharathkumar K, a chartered accountant said: \"Our forefathers came here for business and were involved in the trade of coir and spices. But today owing to the high transportation and labour costs, most businessmen have shifted their businesses to Tamil Nadu , and even to Andhra Pradesh.\"With their businesses being thus hit, the younger generation has moved out of Kochi. \"Almost 50 to 60 per cent of the youth have migrated to other states to work in IT companies or to the Gulf to do business,\" said Shah.The Gujaratis here also run a school and a college. In the school, Gujarati is a compulsory subject for Gujarati children till standard X. \"However, now only 12% of the students in the school are Gujaratis as a majority of them now prefer to study in CBSE schools,\" added Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16953475", "title": "Manipur to host 6th Manipur Polo International Tournament", "text": "GUWAHATI: The far-flung North Eastern state of Manipur may not be the most popular tourist destination but it does offer some unique experiences against a scenic backdrop. The government of Manipur is all set to organize the sixth Manipur Polo International tournament between 24 and 29 November. The tournament will coincide with the Manipur Sangai Festival 2012 organized by the ministry of Tourism.The theme of this year's tournament is 'Save the Manipuri Pony, the Original Polo Pony' from extinction and promotion of Polo Tourism in the state. The tournament will be conducted under Indian Polo Association Rules and mounted on Manipuri Pony.Teams from Hurlingham England, Germany, France and Thailand are participating in the tournament besides a team representing the Indian Polo Association and a team from Manipur. The foreign teams have been coordinated by Hurlingham Polo Association, the controlling body of International Polo, Royal Embassy of Thailand in India and Consul General of German Embassy in Kolkata.The tournament will be held at the Mapal Kangjeibung (Polo ground) in Imphal . The gallery, lawn and pavilions are being renovated currently.According to the organizers and many historians, polo may have been popularized by the British, it originated in Manipur. The game was known as 'Sangol Kangjei' in Manipuri. It is said that the first polo club in India was established in Silchar, Assam, in 1834.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16947021", "title": "Now, a $350 'face-slap' beauty cure to make you look young", "text": "WASHINGTON: Introducing a bizarre beauty treatment of 'face-slapping' in the United States , a woman masseuse claims it can reduce wrinkles to make you look young. Rassameesaitarn Wongsirodkul, aka Tata, is hoping to storm San Francisco's niche beauty market with the $350 skin-firming 'treatment'.In a procedure that the massage parlour touts as \"one million per cent safe\", Tata delivers precision blows \"using Thai wisdom to bring out your own beauty\", according to her company's website.\"Face slapping brings out your hidden beauty potential, without invasive procedures. And it's 100% chemical free. I am proud to be the only one to bring the face slapping knowledge ... to the western hemisphere,\" Tata said in a video.During the procedure, Tata donnes a hat adorned with plastic flowers, slinking around to Thai pop music and delivers a few quick blows. She then firmly pinches her client's cheeks, and gives the client a few more hard slaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953043", "title": "Justin Timberlake all set to climb Mount Kilimanjaro", "text": "Justin Timberlake is reportedly ready for his trip to climb Mount Kilimanjaro after being forced to cancel it two years ago.The newlywed 'SexyBack' singer is said to have rescheduled the challenge after being forced to pull out of it in January 2010.A source told E! News that the singer-turned-actor will join Lupe Fiasco and take part in a star-studded trek up the African peak in the near future, Contactmusic reported.The source added that he will follow in the footsteps of his new wife Jessica by scaling the summit in a bid to bring attention to the problem of unsafe drinking water in developing countries.The 31-year-old star previously admitted he his work commitments for his movie 'Social Network' meant he could not go on the trek alongside his fiancee Jessica two years ago.\"I was bummed that I wasn't able to do it, because I thought it would be a cool thing to do. Maybe one day I will. But it's really an inspiring idea and an inspiring task, and I was very proud of everyone who was involved with it. It says a lot about all the people who were involved in the climb, that they were sort of willing to put themselves out there,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946566", "title": "Jaipur soaked in festive mood", "text": "JAIPUR: Crowds erupted in joy as several effigies of Ravan, the demon king who symbolizes evil, went up in flames in different parts of the city on the dussehra evening on Wednesday.After setting fire to effigies of Ravan, splendid fireworks lit up the sky. At Adarsh Nagar, a computerized fireworks display continued for nearly 30 minutes.The tallest effigy of 120 feet was erected at Central Spine in Vidyadhar Nagar. As soon as the effigy was burnt, the gathering cheered and clapped. Similarly, at place like Newgate, Mansarovar, Varunpath, Adarsh Nagar, Jawahar Nagar and Shastri Nagar, effigies measuring 25 feet to 120 feet were burnt.In City Palace, dussehra was performed with traditional regal pomp and gaiety. The celebrations started with arms worship and later pujas were offered to vehicles, horses, rath, baggi and palanquins. For the first time, Maharaja Sawai Padmanabh Singh performed the dussehra puja.The dussehra also marked the end of the nine-day long durga festival. At all the pandals in the city, devotees bid adieu to Goddess Durga. The idols which had adorned the marquees were later taken for immersion at Amber Maota. Special arrangements were made by the district administration for the smooth immersion.On Vijayadashami, Sindoor Khela was organized by all, including Bengali clubs which celebrated the festival with great pomp and show. Married women, attired in beautiful sarees, visited pandals and paid tributes to Goddess Durga and put sindoor on each other's faces and foreheads.With police personnel keeping a hawk's eye vigil, the festivities passed off peacefully in different parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16947037", "title": "Beware of makeup, it can trigger early menopause", "text": "LONDON: Chemicals found in makeup, hairspray and food packaging are causing women to hit menopause early, researchers warn. Researchers at Washington University , Missouri found that a group of chemicals known as pthalates found in plastics, cosmetics, household products and food packaging may be disrupting women's reproductive systems, including their ovaries, and leading to early menopause.Pthalates are already thought to raise the risk of cancer , diabetes and obesity.The study found that those exposed to high doses have been found to go through menopause almost two and a half years before other women, the Daily Mail reported. In some cases, these chemicals may be causing women to stop having periods 15 years too soon, say scientists.The study looked at the levels of pthalates in the blood or urine of 5,700 women. Those with the highest amounts were found to have gone through the menopause an average of 2.3 years before the others. The typical age of the menopause is 51, so women exposed to the highest levels were hitting it aged 49.Dr Natalia Grindler found that some women may be going through the menopause 15 years early, in their mid-thirties.An early menopause is linked to higher rates of strokes, heart disease, bone problems and fatal brain haemorrhages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945918", "title": "Durga Puja 2012: Festival material adds to Yamuna river woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: There were four official ghats where the Delhi government had permitted immersions on Wednesday, the day of Durga visarjan. However, either because people were not aware, or because it was convenient for some, several small idols and tonnes of puja material found its way into the Yamuna from all possible bridges in the city.At the Yamuna Bridge on Vikas Marg, despite two traffic police constables, a tow truck and notices that warned people against stopping, several people parked their vehicles on the main road to throw puja material into the river. A temporary mesh structure erected in the river just off the main road also did nothing to hold in the puja material that were immersed there. Consequently, the already filthy Yamuna was even filthier on Wednesday, dotted with hundreds of plastic bags, strips of red cloth and small idols among other things.\"We had made extensive arrangements to ensure that the major immersions took place in the four ghats identified by us which were Ram Ghat, Kudsia Ghat, Geeta Ghat and Kalindi Kunj. The irrigation and flood control department had made temporary enclosures here and Delhi Jal Board had also been roped in to release extra water in the river so that the solid waste would get washed away. On Thursday, the irrigation and flood control department will clean the river and the municipal corporations will remove the waste from the ghats. The environment department held two meetings with stakeholders to ensure pollution was kept to the minimum,\" said an environment department official.The official added that they had already tied up with an NGO that makes organic colours for holi to give them the puja flowers that would be pulled out from the river.Officials did accept though that even though the major puja committees were part of the meetings and knew where the immersions were allowed this year, not too many others were aware of the restricted locations. \"Despite everything, the river was looking equally filthy on Wednesday. People threw in things from every place possible even though we carried out several campaigns asking them not to do so.\"The HC had ordered that 13 permanent structures were to be built in the Yamuna for the purpose of immersion. In 2009, the erstwhile MCD had given an affidavit in court that these special enclosures would be made and though the environment department sent it several reminders, no work was carried out. The Yamuna is already pretty much a drain because of its water quality. Each year tonnes of waste is thrown into it under the garb of immersions as the idols are painted with toxic paints. It is not even aesthetically appealing,\" said a senior government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946128", "title": "JNU\u2019s backward students plan \u2018Mahishasur Day\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The victory of Goddess Durga over Mahishasur may truly capture the spirit of Vijay Dashmi, but a group of students from Jawaharlal Nehru University believes in a different story. It is planning to observe the 'martyrdom' day of the demon. Despite being served a notice by the university last year and opposed by a right-wing students' body, All India Backward Students' Forum (AIBSF) is planning to observe Mahishasur Day on October 29. Posters are already up.According to Hindu mythology, demon king Mahishasur was slain by Durga. Students belonging to the forum, however, say that Mahishasur was the ancestor of the tribal, dalit and backward communities in the country and was killed by Aryans with the help of the goddess. They want to launch a campaign against Dussehra, claiming that it amounts to celebrating their ancestors' death.\"We have put up 30 big posters across the campus highlighting that asurs (demons) are still a tribe in Jharkhand. The posters also carry an interview with former Jharkhand chief minister Shibu Soren, who says that he is proud to be an asur,\" said AIBSF president Jitendra Yadav. But, according to the Forum members, the posters in front of the library and at KC Market Complex were torn for which they blame Hindutva politics. \"We will raise the issue before the administration,\" says Yadav. \"This is a free-thinking campus and JNU should not tolerate such intolerance.\" It was, however, the JNU administration which had served a notice on Yadav last year as other student groups had claimed that he had hurt their religious sentiments.ABVP's Rashmini Koparkar denies that they had a hand in tearing the posters but adds that they will approach the administration if their religious sentiments are hurt. \"If you don't believe in God, that doesn't mean you will hurt others' belief.\"Authors, journalists and activists are likely to be a part of the event at JNU on October 29. \"Students from Lucknow University and Bhimrao Ambedkar University, Bihar, will join us. Observing the day is a part of the battle for cultural liberty of the Bahujans of India and an expression of their respect for their ancestors,\" says Yadav. About the date, he adds: \"Asurs had mourned King Mahishasur's death on a full moon night and so we have decided to observe his martyrdom day on Sharad Purnima across the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16950462", "title": "Maran's SUN TV wins IPL bid to own Hyderabad franchise", "text": "MUMBAI: Kalanithi Maran-led SUN TV, the South India-based media conglomerate, on Thursday, successfully won the bid to own and run the Hyderabad Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise team, replacing the debt-ridden Deccan Chargers which was terminated by the Indian cricket board.After a failed bid last month and a flurry of court cases involving the board and Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL), the parent company that owned Chargers, the BCCI had floated a fresh tender inviting bids for 12 cities in the fray.The board's sources said they expected at least five to six interested parties to turn up. SUN Tv, led by the Marans; PVP Ventures, who had bid for Chargers last month at Rs 900 crore and once again showed interested; and Noida-based Jaypee Group, which has interests in other sports ventures such as the Formula One , participated in the bidding.SUN TV Network will now pay Rs 85.05 crore per year to the BCCI, for the next ten years, to own the franchise. The franchise fee represents a premium of over a 100% above the amount paid by the Deccan Chargers owners for the Hyderabad franchise in 2008.Sun TV's bid was also substantially higher than the second bid of PVP Ventures, which was at rs 69.03 crore per year. BCCI had placed Rs 300 crore as the base price for the team.In September this year, the BCCI had terminated the franchisee agreement of Deccan Chargers, following which it had issued tender notices inviting bids for a new franchise.At that time, there had been heavy speculation that the Sun TV Network would bid for the Deccan Chargers -- which PVP Ventures eventually did in a failed attempt.SUN, however, had categorically said back then that they were not interested in bidding for an IPL team.Last week, the Supreme Court had rejected a plea by DCHL, who had requested for more time to pay Rs 100 crore as Bank Guarantee to BCCI and revive the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji/vasco", "code": "16945239", "title": "Quelossim locals see red over land reclamation", "text": "PANAJI/VASCO: Villagers in Quelossim have raised a banner of protest against the reclamation of a low-lying khazan area in violation of the coastal regulation zone (CRZ) rules for an upcoming project. The villagers were aware that some reclamation had been carried out some time ago by Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) for laying the pipeline.\"The fresh activity had begun about four days ago,\" Lopino Xavier, a local resident, said. Xavier informed the South Goa flying squad but we received no immediate response, a villager alleged. On Tuesday, Xavier and other villagers handed in a written complaint to the collector, Verna police station, and Cortalim-Quelossim panchayat.The panchayat talathi inspected the site on Wednesday and is expected to submit a report to the South Goa collector on Thursday. \"The reclaimed area will be surveyed on Wednesday,\" a source said.The police visited the site and summoned the driver of the JCB to the police station. Police sources said that the driver claimed that he possesses a work order, but could not produce the papers on Wednesday. \"An inquiry is in progress,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16946907", "title": "Before joining Lashkar-e-Toiba, 26/11 terrorists\u2019 leader worked at Karachi hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: According to Lashkar-e-Toiba operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal's statement, which is a part of the chargesheet, the leader of the 26/11 Mumbai attack terrorists, Abu Ismail, had worked as a compounder at a civil hospital in Karachi in Pakistan before joining the terror outfit camp in 2010.Jundal said that he learnt this while he befriended ten terrorists, whom he taught Hindi and Marathi before the Mumbai carnage.\"Except Ismail and Abu Fahaudullah, the other eight, including the arrested Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab, were school dropouts. Fahauddullah had studied till class X. Ismail had completed a nursing course after passing out of class X and then joined a civil hospital as a compounder,\" said Jundal.Jundal further told police that Ismail quit the compounder's job within a year for better prospects and landed up at the terror camp in Muridke. \"Ismail was sharp and educated among the others and hence LeT chief Hafeez Saeed decided to make him the group leader,\" said an officer.Elaborating one Hindi teaching session, Jundal said that he taught the other operatives a few basic things like how to engage a taxi in Mumbai . \"You have to wave a hand to the taxi driver and tell the place you want to go. If the driver is cooperative, he will take you to your destination properly and taxis in India operate on meter system, so drivers normally do not fleece,\" Jundal said.Jundal said that the LeT had initially chosen 12 boys for the Mumbai operation, but two of them\u2014Abu Abdullah and Abu Qasim, who had completed the training, fled without intimation . The LeT had launched a hunt for them but could not trace them. And this was the reason, Jundal said, that the rest of the terrorists were not given leaves.The LeT operatives thought that if they allow the recruits to go home, they may not return or may leak information or even feared that some of them may get demoralized, hence holidays were denied. A month before the 26/11 attacks, the recruits were kept in Karachi. They were asked to relax there or do whatever they wanted to, but strictly under LeT watch.Kasab too had told the interrogators that after the completion of Daura aam and Daurae-Khaas , they had been confined to a room in Karachi, where he watched movies and had good food.The supplementary chargesheet , which runs into more than 14,676 pages, pinpoints Jundal as one of the key conspirators , who along with Pakistani handlers, hatched the conspiracy to launch a war against India. The chargesheet contains Jundal's confessional statement, starting right from the days when he joined the banned outfit Student Islamic Movement of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16944850", "title": "Model killing: Police grill husband, ad agency agent", "text": "MUMBAI: The DN Nagar police are questioning two people in connection with the brutal murder of 23-year-old model Bidushi Dash Barde who was found dead with multiple injuries in her Andheri flat on Monday night. While Kedar Barde, Bidushi's husband, has been detained and was interrogated all through Wednesday, an agent who used to liaise between Bidushi and various advertising agencies is also under the scanner. The cops claim that the agent was blackmailing Bidushi.Police officials said they were probing whether the husband and wife had had a scuffle on the day of the incident, after which Bidushi fell on a glass shelf in the house and sustained injuries. Bidushi was found with glass shards sticking out of her neck and face.Barde had left for his Nariman Point office around 8am on Monday and had made several calls to Bidushi's mobile through the day. He had also sent her three SMSs but she did not respond. \"The fact that he did not bother to find out why she was not taking his calls is suspicious,\" a police officer said.\"It should have worried him because he knew she had acute diabetes and was on anti-depressants. The least he could have done was to alert the doctor treating her, who stays on the first floor of the same building.\" The police are not buying Barde's explanation that he believed Bidushi must have stepped out of the house for an audition.The couple moved into their ground-floor flat in Manish Garden in Andheri West around a year ago. \"They had frequent fights and were bankrupt. They had borrowed money from someone and the lender had an argument with them a day before she died,\" an officer said. Barde told the police that he himself had attempted suicide some time ago by consuming tablets, the official added.The police said that Barde had lost his job in Chennai, which prompted the couple to shift to Mumbai. \"During that period, he was frustrated and it took a toll on his health,\" an officer said.A forensic team recreated the crime scene in Barde's presence and reportedly said it was a cause of homicide. They also ruled out the possibility of an outsider entering the flat and murdering her though an employee of a local chemist had visited her to deliver medicines. She had also called someone to fix a mirror in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16946651", "title": "Woman, neighbour among nine held for Kengeri gang-rape", "text": "BANGALORE: Nine persons, including a 28-year-old woman and a neighbour of the victims, have been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and gang-rape of three women near Kengeri late last week. The neighbour had hatched a robbery plot while the woman tried to coerce the abducted women into flesh trade.Last Friday, a gang of seven persons had barged into the victims' house in Jagajyothi Layout, Mariyappana Palya, near Kengeri, in the wee hours. Eight women and four men, all employees of a bar and restaurant in Majestic area in the city, were residing in the house.After looting the house, the gangsters forcibly took away five of the eight women in a Maruti Omni van. Three of the five women were sexually assaulted in a house nearby. The gangsters later released the five women.The arrested woman, Sudha Umesh, 28, of Sunkadakatte, allegedly tried to force the five bar girls into flesh trade.One of the accused, Girish Manjunath, 19, of Nagadevanhalli, stays in the second floor of the building where the victims lived. The women lived on the ground floor. Under the impression that the women were cash-flush cabaret dancers, he allegedly hatched a plot with the seven men to rob them.But on finding that the women were bar waitresses and not flush with money, the gangsters then abducted five women.Sudha, who claimed to be a social worker, was a close friend of Girish. She then entered the plot and tried to force the women into flesh trade, said police.The arrestedThe seven other arrested men are Hanumantarayappa Chickckanna alias Jackie, 24, of Sunkadakatte; Nagesh Cheluvaraj alias Naga, 21, of Magadi Road; Prasanna Guddegowda alias Appi, 21; of Sunkadakatte and native of Ramanagaram; Sanjay Saiprasad, 21, partner with Honey Tours and Travels, Hoysalanagar; Shivakumar Byregowda alias Shivu, 20, of Sunkadakatte; Vishwanath Govindaiah alias Vishwa, 21, of Kuragal in Vemgal, Kolar; and Kiran Srinivas 20 of Sunkadakatte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16946415", "title": "RSS supremo laments graft, invokes Bapu", "text": "NAGPUR: RSS sewaks don't trot out Gandhi so it came as a surprise when the saffron group chief Mohan Bhagwat on Wednesday cited the Mahatma to describe the \"sinful times\" we live in. His remarks come in the wake of allegations of corruption and dubious businesses of several political leaders, including BJP president Nitin Gadkari .\"In 1922, Mahatma Gandhi , in his Young India article, mentioned seven social sins \u2014 politics without principles, wealth without work, pleasure without conscience, knowledge without character, commerce without morality, science without humanity and worship without sacrifice. This appears an apt description of our present day social and political scenario,\" the sarsanghachalak said in his Vijaya Dashmi address.Thousands of swayamsevaks in uniform and supporters of the Sangh heard his nearly hour-long speech in rapt attention. Gadkari, also wearing the trademark khaki shorts, white shirt and black cap, was in the audience.\"The consequences of incomplete thought had made the lack of national and individual character in our country more pronounced and painful. The mind-boggling revelations about corruption have not come to end yet,\" he said, referring to graft at the end of his speech. Bhagwat's remarks indicated he wasn't happy with going ons in the BJP and allegations against Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16945306", "title": "India's top cops tee off in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Cops usually appear distinctly out of place in a stress-free environment. And their daily schedule, revolving endlessly around the world of crime, leaves little room for relaxation. So naturally, the seemingly laidback game of golf and the lush greens it's played on don't seem to fit too well with the whole police image. But all these common notions were confounded at the 16th All India Police Golf Tournament, held at the DLF Golf and Country Club recently.Some 114 of the top-ranking officers from across the country participated in this two-day tournament, and the title was clinched by the Haryana police. \"Officers from the police force and the paramilitary forces, coming from various states, took part in the tournament,\" said one of the organizers.It was a close victory for the Haryana police team. \"Our team won the tournament by beating the National Security Guard team by a margin of one stroke,\" said a police representative.This was the first time that a national police tournament was organized at a golf course in Gurgaon. Some of the previous chapters of the same event were held in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16945254", "title": "Government promises full support to tiatrists", "text": "MARGAO: Promising that the state government would do its best to provide the tiatrists fraternity with necessary support and infrastructure, deputy chief minister Francisco D'Souza praised the contribution of tiatrists in promoting the local language.D'Souza was speaking at a function held at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, on the occasion of the birth anniversary of khell-tiatr legend the late Rosario Rodrigues on Wednesday.D'Souza presented the Tiatr Academy of Goa (TAG)'s lifetime contribution to Khell/khell-tiatr awards to three prominent khell-tiatr artistes; Aniceto Rodrigues, Surendra D Rankale alias Babu and Marcelina D'Costa alias Celina.This programme comes in the backdrop of a simmering dispute between the local tiatrists fraternity and Ravindra Bhavan chairman Damodar Naik after they had complained that Naik had formed the executive council without giving any due representation to tiatr artists on the same. The tiatrists earlier met chief minister Manohar Parrikar who assured the aggrieved tiatrist fraternity that he would consider their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946390", "title": "Engineering college website hacked", "text": "JAIPUR: The official website of Arya College of Engineering and Research Centre was hacked last night even though it was limited to defacing. The hackers left their signature reading on the site: \"Hack3d by Mukesh Khan\"......W3 A3r \"Indians----Feel the power.\" The site also plays a Bhangra with humor. Prima facie, the possibility of Pakistani hackers behind the defacement was ruled out as the IP address has been traced to India.The management of Arya fears the loss of data and vital information related to its students. \"Such incidents are becoming rampant and we are helpless,\" said Arvind Agarwal, director of Arya Group of Institutes. While the group's other websites are running as usual, its technical team has been working to make the site operational, but their attempts so far have failed.Earlier, the Pakistani websters 'Dr Dan and Dr Neo' and 'Khantastic' had repeatedly attacked several websites of educational institutes, mostly engineering colleges. After hacking the sites, they leave derogatory remarks and report their act on several international web platforms along with a screen shot to prove their achievement.This is not an isolated incident. Students, mainly with engineering or computer backgrounds, are vey much aware of the tools being used for hacking. Recently, a government engineering college in Bharatpur found differences in internal marks between what they had uploaded and sent to RTU, and on their master computer.\"An investigation in the case revealed that an unidentified hacker had changed the marks of 10 students into below pass grades in one subject in April-2012. Later, it was corrected and all students were declared pass,\" said a professor of the government college Bharatpur.Students from engineering or computer background are very much aware of terminologies such as key loger, network sniper, remote access tools and Trojan. Cases of fake profiles on social networking sites such as Orkut and Facebook are very common. Similarly, mails offering jobs in an international company sent by a friend is another popular method.The surge of such cases is affecting a number of institutions and corporates. Due to lack of awareness on cyber laws, most of the cases go unreported. \"In every college, especially in technical institutions, there are hacking freaks who do it for fun or to impress their friends. The worst part is they aren't aware that they are breaking cyber laws and can end up in trouble,\" said Mukesh Choudhary, cyber crime expert who assists Jaipur police is solving cyber cases.The cyber crimes in the city are restricted to data theft and fake profile impersonation. But the city is likely to see a rise in such cases if necessary steps are not taken urgently, warned Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16947254", "title": "Army commands caused Rs 100 cr loss, raise spyware spectre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The internal audit report of Controller Defence Accounts (CAD) has come with startling revelations, accusing the Army's six commands of causing Rs 100 crore loss to the exchequer during 2009-2011. It has also indicted Chandimandir-based Western Command for causing a loss of Rs 59.69 lakh to the exchequer.As per the audit report, a copy of which is with TOI, the Western Command had allegedly purchased \"mobile phones from Reliance Communications after considerable amount of camouflaging done through the intermediation of Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL), Ghaziabad, at much higher prices, than the reasonable rates and in violation of cyber security guidelines issued by Army Headquarters.\"All purchases made by the command headquarters (HQ) with regard to communication equipment like mobile phones, satellite phones, exchanges and certain communication stores of suspected Chinese origin, need to be closely scrutinized by directorate of Military Intelligence (MI) to ensure that the software embedded in these equipment does not contain any spyware and command HQs should be allowed to operate these equipment only after obtaining cyber security clearance by MI, the report said.The report further mentioned, \"It was also observed that the make, model and name of foreign original equipment manufacturer (OEM) vendor has not been disclosed by the Indian agency, which raises apprehension that the stores have actually been purchased from the grey market , perhaps Chinese stores, operational in the country at quite a few places, and without obtaining proper import license.\"If so, the report said, this would be a major security risk, apart from being a serious financial irregularity involving violation of various laws of the country, including customs law and FEMA, etc, the report added.When contacted, PRO, Western Command, Pavitar Singh, said that since the report involves audit related to all commands, only authorities at Delhi would be able to comment on it.Box:Tank modifications suspectThe report has also alleged that \"The Western Command, along with the Southern Command, has introduced certain modifications in the main battle tanks T-72 and T-90 by purchasing rectifiers and generating sets without consulting higher authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16947210", "title": "Thousands turn up to see 195-foot-tall Ravana", "text": "AMBALA: Traffic movement on Barara-Shahbad state highway came to standstill for three hours as thousands of spectators turned up to see 195-foot-tall effigy of Ravana going up in flames on the concluding day of four-day Dussehra organized by local Ram Leela Club in an open space near flyover, here on Tuesday evening.The effigy, which has found a place in the Guinness Book of World Records was set afire, through a remote control in three phases by Tarsem Garg, the chairman of a management running a private university. Inquiries revealed that 300 persons, who include 50 labourers attached with cranes and 250 volunteers of the club put Ravana's tallest effigy in place.Ravana's effigy was the last in three effigies which went up in flame around 6.30pm.Additional police force was deployed to control the crowd that had come from neighbouring districts of Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.\"The spectator had started pouring in much before the noon. We could see large queues of vehicles parked between Dosadka and Barara road stretch. Though we missed our target this year, we are now hoping to reaching the 200-feet mark next year,'' said Tejender Chauhan, the man behind the idea of having tallest effigy.Anticipating traffic chaos, police had made diversions from Barara and Dosadka roads to ensure that traffic flows smoothly on the national highway number 1 remain, said Tanveer Jafri, the coordinator of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16946522", "title": "Lord Rama\u2019s fiery win entertains many", "text": "It was a crackling start to a fun-filled Dussehra on Wednesday evening. People got their photographs clicked with Ramleela characters, who preached wisdom to schoolchildren. Scores of makeshift shops selling toys and sweets had been set up at sectors 46, 17, 34 and 24; and thousands of people reached the venues 4pm onwards, and waited till the time Ravan effigies went up in flames.Once the shobha yatra from Sector-32 Sanatan Dharam concluded, Ram, Ravan and Hanuman alighted from their chariots and posed with hundreds of families. \"My kids were so excited to shake hands with Lord Ram. They had been seeing his performance in Ramleelas for a week. The evening was a memorable experience and it was fun to see the effigy burning,\" said Kamaldeep of Sector 44.Sunil Sharma, who played the role of Ravan, is a regular blood donor and he encouraged the youth to participate in blood donation camps. In Sector 46, organizers could be seen repairing effigies that were partly damaged in Tuesday showers. However, Raman Lamba of Sector 48 complained: \"It was a huge Ravan figure but the moment it was set ablaze, people stood on their chairs spoiling the scene.\" The celebrations concluded with a spectacular show of fireworks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16946759", "title": "Mumbai BRTS: It may be difficult, not impossible", "text": "This is not the first time that a governmental agency has announced plans for BRTS in Mumbai. Ambitious plans were spelt out previously as well, only to be given a quiet burial soon after. In a congested city such as Mumbai, the idea of BRTS stumbles at the first step\u2014namely, the creation of dedicated lanes. At the same time, it is not impossible to create infrastructure needed for BRTS in Mumbai. All it needs is coordination between various governmental bodies to draw up new traffic plans and, of course, dedicated lanes. The promise held out by BRTS\u2014less pollution, less congestion and faster transport\u2014seems worth it.Related story:  Now, BMC to steer BRTS towards reality", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "velsao", "code": "16945410", "title": "Foundation stone laid for bridge in Velsao", "text": "VELSAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar laid the foundation stone of the Dando-Mollo bridge on Wednesday, the birthday of late former environment minster Matanhy Saldanha. \"This bridge was a long pending demand of the villagers of Velsao and also a dream of Matanhy,\" Parrikar said. Measuring 13m in length and 7.5m in width, the bridge will connect the wards of Dando and Mollo in Velsao.\"The cost of the bridge is estimated at around 2.3 crore and the Goa State Infrastructure and Development Corporation (GSIDC) has given this contract to Indiana Building Infrastructure Pvt Ltd,\" Parrikar said. Two small bridges connecting the two wards were constructed around 37 years ago. \"The villagers face a huge difficulty when traveling from one side to the other,\" said Alina Saldanha, minister for forests and environment. A memorial mass was organized at the St Thomas church at Cansaulim in memory of the late minister. At Matanhy's office, four wheelchairs were handed over to the needy. A mobile morgue was donated to the villagers of Cansaulim and Velsao.NCP's Tariq Anwar to meet party's state leaders: National general secretary of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Tariq Anwar has said that he would be meeting the party's Goa unit leaders on Thursday to discuss organizational issues, besides the socio-economic and political issues in the state. The issue of the fallout of closure of mining activities in Goa is also likely to be discussed with Anwar by the local leaders, sources said.Police clearance for passports: In order to streamline the working of the passport section of the CID special branch, it has been decided that the public inquiries in respect of their passport applications for Indian passport will be entertained only from 10am to 12pm on all working days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16944955", "title": "Baby dies of fever, dengue ruled out", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed in Pollachi on Wednesday after a two-year-old baby girl with fever was declared dead at the medical facility after her parents brought her to the hospital for treatment. Relatives claimed that the baby died of dengue, which raised an alarm in the locality.However, officials from the public health services department claimed that the baby died of high fever with seizure and that she was not affected with dengue.According to officials, P Dharunika, daughter of Prakash, a resident of Kamatchiamman Koil Veedhi in Thensangampalayam, was suffering from fever since October 22. She was initially taken to a nearby Public Health Centre where she was given initial treatment. Though her condition improved for a while, the fever symptoms returned on Wednesday.Prakash and relatives rushed Dharunika to VK Pudur government hospital first and took her to Pollachi government hospital where the doctors declared her as brought dead. The district health officials claimed the baby had seizures along with high fever before she passed away.\"It seems to be an isolated case as there are no other cases in the locality. The victim was not suffering from dengue,\" said Dr R Damodharan, deputy director, Public Health Services, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16946218", "title": "Villagers oppose stone crusher units in their region", "text": "DHARWAD: The decision of the state government to declare 75 acres of land in Yemmetti village of Kalghatagi taluk in Dharwad district as safer zone for installing the stone crusher units has been opposed by the villagers.The state government in its notification issued on October 11, 2012 has stated that Bommasamudra-Kamplikoppa in Hubli taluk and Yemmetti in Kalghtagi taluk would be safer zones for installation of stone crusher units of the district. However the villagers have strongly opposed the decision saying it would be detrimental to the eco-system of the region.President of Gambhyapur Gram Panchayat under which Yemmetti falls has in a memorandum signed by hundreds of villagers said the decision of the government was in violation of norms set for selecting safer zones for installing crusher units. They said the location selected for the zone is just half a kilometer away from school, temple and road connecting the village. Installing the crusher units would pollute the air and water and also affect adversely the irrigated agriculture land which is adjoining the location chosen for crushers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16947083", "title": "\u2018Early detection key to survival\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sugandh Vihar resident and an IT consultant Meetu Nayar not only defeated breast cancer but crafted her own way to help the women who live with the disease.She has come up with websites which spread awareness about the disease and provide tips to fight it.Explaining how her websites offer help, she said, \"A breast cancer patient has little sense of smell and taste, but these can be improved by having beetroot and other nutritionally rich food \u2014 my website tells them how to eat these things. While the body is in pain during treatment and walking is tough so I suggest ways to do that. I tell them how to maintain positivity and deal with mood swings.\"Meetu added that there is a lot of work to do which includes educating the society about the importance of early detection as a key to breast cancer survival.Appreciating the efforts of Meetu, Dr Gunamrit Kaur said, \"It's great to know that a woman who has fought breast cancer and defeated it, wants to spread hope and positivity among other sufferers like her. I hope these websites help people suffering with cancer deal better with the disease with the tips provided.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16954238", "title": "Ferrari's show of solidarity for Italian sailors held in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Formula One team Ferrari on Thursday clarified that its decision to race with the flag of the Italian navy on their cars at this weekend's Indian Grand Prix is a gesture of solidarity towards Marines facing trial in India over charges of killing two fishermen.\"First of all, we just wanted to pay tribute to all the Italian Navy which is one of the excellences of Italy and it's just a sign of hope that a solution can be found about the case that involves two Italian sailors,\" a Ferrari team official said.\"Something which has to be clear that we don't want to say anything in one sense or the another. We have utmost respect for the Indian authorities. We just hope that a solution can be found as soon as possible,\" he said.Ferrari on Wednesday created a flutter by announcing on their official website that it will show its support for Italian sailors by racing with military symbols on its cars' livery at the second edition of the Indian GP , to be held at the Buddh International Circuit from October 26-28.The Italian team, on their website, said that they would be paying tribute to the navy as \"one of the outstanding entities of our country\". The cars will be driven by Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa .Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, the marines on board the Italian ship 'Enrica Lexie', had allegedly shot dead two Indian fishermen--Valentine Jalastine and Ajesh Bi --on February 15 in Kerela's Kollam city, apparently mistaking them for pirates.They were detained on February 19 and were sent to Central Prison in Thiruvananthpuram. Later on, they were granted bail in June but on the condition that they must remain in Indian territory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16944931", "title": "This Navratri was the noisiest in last 5 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai witnessed its noisiest Navratri this year. At 104.5 dB, noise levels were the highest in the last five years. But Navratri was quieter than the Janmashtami and Ganapai festivals, which recorded even higher noise levels.According to readings made by Awaaz Foundation, an NGO fighting noise pollution, at various locations across the city, the decibel levels remained between 80-97 dB on an average. However, the levels went further up at certain locations. A society in Bhandup (east) recorded 104. 5 dB, the highest since 2009. Some other areas like Dharavi, Ghatkopar police grounds, localities in Mulund (east) recorded noise levels above 90db. According to World Health Organisation (WHO) standards, tolerable noise levels in residential areas ought to be within 40-45 dB.\"Navratri has been a quiet festival all these years. In 2009, 83 dB was the highest recorded level. The levels hovered around the same figure in the next two years too. Mandals were lit, but many did not use loudspeakers. However, this year has seen a significant increase in noise levels,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz Foundation. \"The noise was more than 80dB at some locations which are notified as silence zones by the court,\" she added.Though Navratri was loud, it was still not loud enough to match levels during Janmashtami and Ganpati. Noise reached a deafening level during Ganpati when 121.4 dB was recorded at Girgaum Chowpatty. The level was the highest recorded since the 2006 celebrations. The levels were around 90-100 dB at various other locations at Bandra, Parel, Worli etc. During Janmashtami, the highest recorded level was 117.3 dB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16954135", "title": "Mumbai Police still clueless in model's murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after model Bidushi Dash Barde was found murdered here, Mumbai police today recorded the statement of her software engineer husband, but is yet to make any headway in the probe.Police have not got any definite clues about the culprits, sources said. They, however, said that a statement of Bidushi's husband Kedar was recorded today.23-year-old Bidushi, a former Miss Chennai and South Indian film actor, was found dead in her rented apartment in suburban Andheri on Monday night.Her husband found her body, with injury marks inflicted by a sharp-edged weapon on neck and chin. Robbery was ruled out as the motive as no valuables were missing , nor were there any signs of forced entry.According to police sources, a neighbour had told the investigators that she had seen a man at the house for a while on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16944914", "title": "I have no energy left, support Uddhav and Aditya, Bal Thackeray tells Sainiks", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has made a passionate plea to his countless followers to accept his son Uddhav and grandson Aditya as their leaders, in a clear indication that he was ready to hang up his boots because of his frail health.\"You stood by me all these years. Now, you should back Uddhav and Aditya,'' Thackeray said. Bal Thackeray recorded message was played at the party's annual Dussehra rally at the Shivaji Park grounds. \"I have not imposed Uddhav-Aditya on you. They are my natural successors and you have accepted them.''The Sena patriarch expressed concern about the split in Marathi votes because of the Sena and the MNS contesting against each other. \"It's time for introspection. Marathis should come together to throw out the Congress party.''\"My health is failing. I become breathless while talking. The days when I used to address five to six public meetings every day and travel extensively across Maharashtra for poll campaign are gone...I was keen to meet you today and address the Dussehra conclave. But I have no energy left in me,'' said the Sena supremo who will turn 86 years old next January.In his 15-minute address, Thackeray exhorted Shiv Sainiks to keep intact their 'imaan' (integrity). \"Be true to the party, to the party's philosophy. Don't sell your vote. If someone comes to buy your vote during polls, tell him with pride that your vote is not a purchasable commodity,'' Thackeray stated.The Sena supremo asked Shiv Sainiks to get rid of the Gandhi-Nehru family in the next elections. \"Show the door to the Nehru-Gandhi quintet. Throw them out. Unless you do that, India will not be in good shape,'' he said. The Sena chief lambasted NCP chief Sharad Pawar for his involvement in the controversial Lavasa project.Loudspeakers used, despite HC orderDefying the Bombay high court order, the Shiv Sena for the third successive year went ahead and used loudspeakers for its Dussehra rally. While Sena chief Bal Thackeray was the softest at 63db going up to 81, his son and Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray started at 66db and he too went up to 81 db. Sena MLC Ramdas Kadam was the loudest at 88db.Shivaji Park has been declared a silence zone and while allowing the Sena to hold its last rally this year, the court had reiterated that it must use the distributed sound system so as not to disturb the neighbourhood. From next year onwards, it has been asked to hold its rally at the MMRDA grounds, Bandra.A resident said the Sena had taken care to keep the noise low. \"Compared to last year, it was much more peaceful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16950982", "title": "Vivian Richards to team up with Shane Warne as Melbourne mentor in Big Bash", "text": "MELBOURNE: West Indian batting legend, Vivian Richards is set to team up with spin great Shane Warne as Melbourne Stars team mentor in the Australian Big Bash Twenty20 League this season, according to a report.Richards, one of the most destructive batsmen of all time, was approached by Melbourne captain Warne to join the MCG-based team's support staff as he will be in Australia to commentate when the Caribbean team tours in January and February for an ODI series.Warne asked Richards if he was interested to come to Australia a bit early to be there at the time when Big Bash starts in December.A Melbourne Stars spokesperson said the deal could be a massive marketing and promotional coup.\"We're in conversations with Viv and his management about him joining the Melbourne Stars team as a mentor. If we're able to secure his services, he'd be an absolute asset for our team,\" the spokesperson was quoted as saying by 'Herald Sun'.The Antiguan legend, 60, thrilled Australian audiences through the 1970s and 80s as a lynchpin of the swashbuckling world champion West Indies team. He scored 8,450 Test runs in a glittering career from 1974 to 1991.Richards would add to an already big-name Melbourne Stars staff, with Ian Chappell on board as selection chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945105", "title": "Lewis Hamilton eyeing constructors' title", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lewis Hamilton is a man on the move. Only a handful of races are left this season, which will also be his last with McLaren.For the time being though, his sole focus is on the constructors title for his current team ahead of the second Airtel Indian Grand Prix.McLaren are currently third in the standings with 284 points behind Red Bull (367) and Ferrari (290).\"I am too far behind (Sebastian) Vettel and (Fernando) Alonso to think about the driver's title. But we can still challenge for the constructors crown and that'll be the aim from now on,\" Hamilton told the media on Wednesday.The 2008 champion was looking forward to returning to the Buddh International Circuit (BIC), where he finished seventh last year after a run-in with Ferrari's Felipe Massa .\"The track and the great crowd made the race exciting. It's the fans who make it special. So if people can turn out, it can become one of the most exciting GPs,\" he said.Hamilton, who will move to Mercedes GP in the next season, said he was not looking to replace the great Michael Schumacher.\"The intention was not to come in the way of Michael. He has done more than any driver in the world. I have seen him winning those championships sitting in my home. To take his seat is a real privilege,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950566", "title": "Tens of thousands take part in Kullu Dussehra", "text": "It was a sea of humanity as thousands of people, including domestic and foreign tourists, thronged the hill station of Kullu to celebrate Dusshera.The famed Kullu Dussera started with the ''Utsav'' (procession) of Lord Raghunath (Rama), the main deity of Kullu from the Raghunath Temple, where the idol will be placed on a wooden throne for a week.Kullu's erstwhile royal Pal dynasty, dressed in their fineries, led the religious chores during the festival marked by traditional dances and huge Utsavs.Scion of the erstwhile Kullu state, Raja Maheshwar Singh, said the festival has just begun.\"We believe that today Lord Rama conquered Lanka after a battle spanning several days and demon god Ravana breathed his last on this day of Poornima or full moon day, which is called 'Lankadahan'. It is the first day of the month long festival,\" said Maheshwar Singh.The history of Kullu Dussera dates back to the seventeenth century when the local king Jaganand installed an idol of Raghunath (Lord Rama) on his throne as a mark of penance, after which Raghunath came to be known as the ruling deity of the valley.During the festival, idols of the various Gods and Goddesses of the valley are brought from respective temples in colourful Utsavs.Meanwhile, in Ajmer, Rajasthan, children made an effigy of Ravana, symbolising the current political scenario of the country involving graft, scams and inflation.\"This time our colony's children have made the effigy of Ravana which is symbolic of the current political scenario of the country involving graft, scams, inflation , personalities like Robert Vadra and Salman Khurshid . Though Ravana's effigy is burnt each year but a lot of developments have taken place over the past few years. Children have also become aware of the country's burning issues when they sit with us before the television. Hence this is the significance of this Ravana,\" said Rakesh, a local resident.In Ludhiana, Punjab, people staged protests against government induced graft.The festival, which symbolises the triumph of good over evil, is marked by prayers, processions and musical programmes based on the epic Ramayana.Legend has it that Rama's consort Sita was abducted by king Ravana of Lanka.Consequently, Rama fought against Ravana and defeated him to release his wife from captivity. Rama's victory over Ravana is described as the triumph of good over evil.The week-long Kullu Dussera festival ends with the sacrifice of a buffalo, a rooster, a lamb, a fish and a crab.Simultaneously, a huge pile of grass is set on fire symbolising the burning of Lanka, the kingdom of demon king Ravana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16947092", "title": "Six new dengue cases in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: With six new cases being confirmed in the city on Wednesday, the dengue scare persists. With this, the number of dengue cases in the city has risen to 109.Dr Anil Verma, an epidemiologist at the civil surgeon's office, said, \"11 dengue patients have been confirmed at various hospitals of the city. Of these, six are from Ludhiana, three from Fatehgarh Sahib and one each from Moga and Himachal\".He added that with the addition of six more cases, the total cases in Ludhiana has reached 109. Civil surgeon Dr Subhash Batta said, \"We have already started fogging in ten houses around each of the six patients' houses in the city\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16951653", "title": "India has a special place in my heart, says Sauber head Monisha Kaltenborn", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Grand Prix is an emotional race for Dehradun-born Sauber F1 team principal Monisha Kaltenborn, who says the native country is where \"my heart will always be\".Monisha, who etched her name in the record books after becoming the first woman team principal in the history of F1, feels that her strong Indian connect has helped her to stay focussed and determined.\"Our value systems are very strong. We are very hard working and we are passionate about our goals in life. It helped me a lot,\" Monisha said.Born as Monisha Narang, her parents shifted to Vienna when she was only eight, but Hindi still remains a part of her daily life.\"Hindi is very much a part of the language of my home and my children speak it a bit, though my in-laws struggle to understand it. We cook Indian food and curry is loved in my family.\"Once you are a part of a country, it stays forever with you and it becomes an important part of your character,\" she stressed.As a child, Monisha wanted to be an astronaut but things took a turn after she joined a law firm.\"I had never planned it. I was working for a law firm, Frits Kaiser group, and one of the projects was with the Sauber team. F1 was very popular in Austria and was always on the TV. It all started then and has made me what I am today. It's the determination that matters in any field,\" she informed.The team principle, meanwhile, refused to confirm the media reports that suggest Sahara Force India driver Nico Hulkenberg is almost a certainity in their line-up for the next season.\"Nico is a very good driver. We are in talks with a number of drivers and we will make an announcement shortly.\"We are into the business of providing a competitive tool to the driver. We do not run after the drivers, instead its the other way round. We are hopeful of finalising our line-up in the next few weeks,\" said the 'First Lady of F1'.About Sahara Force India, who are 35 points behind Sauber in the Constructors' Championship, Monisha said they are a very competitive outfit and will give her team a \"tough time\" in the last few races of the season.Indian GP is in its second year and Monisha feels it is a win-win situation for everyone.\"India is such a big market and with its massive fan following, it is a must for F1 to be here. For the Indian companies, it is a great opportunity to show their technical skills and be part of such an elite event,\" she insisted.Monisha, also a member of the Federation International de l'Automobile's ( FIA ) commission for Women and Motorsport, meanwhile said, \"There is no reason why women can't succeed in motorsport.Physically, they can undergo the same rigorous training and can compete at the highest level. Our team is promoting four girls in the karting division.\"The 41-year-old feels that her new position would strengthen women in the male-dominated sport.\"These are the kind of things where really we feel that in years to come it will be something because this is a long process,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945406", "title": "Politicians, activists clash over development", "text": "PANAJI: A debate on 'Development at what cost?' saw politicians and social activists crossing swords on the question of 'development' in the state particularly in the wake of the mining ban.Beginning the debate, organized on the occasion of Matanhy Saldanha's 64th birthday remembrance at Kala Academy, former Cumbharjua MLA Nirmala Sawant felt \"people should be at the centre of any development.\"Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai, who strongly voiced his support to the resumption of mining in the state, said that \"we have to welcome development\". \"Salaried people in cities are taking decisions for those in the villages,\" he said.Thalmann Pereira said \"all development is at a cost. The question is who is bearing the cost?\" Elucidating, Pereira said \"this (who bears the cost) is decided by the power structure in the country. Profit has gone to private companies instead of the government.\" He felt the only answer to this was regulation of mining by forming a mining corporation.St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh felt \"instead of seeing future development, we have to see what can be saved.\" Wagh observed that while in Kerala, the culture is entwined with tourism and tourists accept it, in Goa, Goans seek to imitate tourist culture.Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte said \"We have no idea what we are doing.\" He felt \"people were taking to activism on any issue and thus putting self before state.\"Social activist Oscar Rebello said \"development means money.\" Explaining that while there were two pockets of people - those supporting no economic development and those supporting a dirty economic model which included mining, real estate , casino and sex tourism, Rebello said we need a smart economic model and urged the rich and powerful to change from their destructive model to something different.Taking on Phaldesai, he said \"People in the dirty economic model should plough their money into a sustainable model.\"Pereira felt that \"the state has been continuing with Salazar's (Portuguese) plan on mining. If we had done mining on a public basis (nationalised mining) we wouldn't have needed this debate.\" \"Who will regulate mining? Will the chief minister who is changed every five years do it? Who is making the rules,\" he questioned.Wagh said that while he sympathises with single truck owners, he had no sympathy for those owning 150-200 trucks. He questioned Phaldesai on why luxury cars were given as prizes for recent Ganeshotsav mandal lotteries in Sanvordem. \"This money could have been given to the truckers,\" he said.Following the debate, chief minister Manohar Parrikarstated that his relation with Saldanha was built on trust and integrity. He urged the citizens to trust him. \"Trust me, my intentions are good,\" he said expressing confidence that he would take the state to new heights.On mining, he said only the government can resolve the crisis and not the courts, while adding that recovering 35,000 cr (immediately) is difficult but if anyone has looted the state in mining scam, it will be recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16947572", "title": "In 18 months, 500 bogus colleges shut in Britain", "text": "LONDON: British immigration authorities have closed down an estimated 500 bogus colleges operating in the country over the last 18 months, affecting a number of students from abroad, including from India.However, top officials in the education sector insist that for genuine and legitimate students, Britain is still a viable option and Indians still account for the second highest number of non-EU students in the country.Professor Eric Thomas , president of Universities UK and vice-chancellor of the University of Bristol acknowledged on Wednesday that a large number of colleges had been closed down over the last year and a half but asserted that there is no cap on the numbers of international students coming to the country. \"The UK Border agencies have closed 500 colleges in the UK within the last 18 months. They have ceased to trade,\" Thomas told newsmen.However, he said that \"despite some recent high-profile negative coverage of the UK's student visa system, the reality is that Britain welcomes genuine international students\". He said international students make a fundamental contribution to university life and international demand for places remains strong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950276", "title": "Allu Arjun-Surender Reddy film launched", "text": "Allu Arjun's new film under the direction of Surender Reddy was formally launched at Ramanaidu Studios in Hyderabad on Wednesday (October 24, 2012). The film will be produced by Nallamalupu Srinivas (Bujji) and Dr Venkateswara Rao under Lakshmi Narasimha Productions banner.Megastar Chiranjeevi, Allu Arjun, Allu Aravind, D Ramanaidu, K Raghavendra Rao, and several others attended the event. Shyam Prasad Reddy switched on the camera while Chiranjeevi gave the clap to the first shot directed by VV Vinayak.The regular shoot of the movie would commence from December. SS Thaman is scoring the music and Vakkantam Vamsi is providing the story. Buzz is that the makers are considering Race Gurram as the title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16947158", "title": "Taking the first steps towards knowledge", "text": "MADURAI: 'Vijayadashami', which marks the conclusion of the Navaratri festival, continues to be considered the most auspicious day to start learning. Many parents took their children to schools and temples so that they could learn to read and write on the occasion.Almost all schools in Madurai reopened after the pooja holidays to admit first-time school-goers. The children were taken to temples, where they were made to sit in front of Saraswati, the goddess of education, and write the Tamil alphabet on a rice coloured with saffron. Some temples had special poojas performed for the occasion with priests holding the hands of the little ones, introducing them to the alphabet.In schools too, teachers of pre-KG, LKG and UKG were waiting for the new students who came with their parents for admission. Teachers also guided the children on writing the alphabet on the rice, spread on a plate. Many schools also had special prayer sessions to mark the first day of learning.Shanthi, a mother who brought her child to a temple in Anna Nagar, said she had ensured that her child who had just completed three did not touch even a pencil till this auspicious day so that she could shine in her education. \"Everybody in our family had their education on this day, right from my great-grandfather who hailed from Karnataka,\" she said.Children who came to school were dressed in their best silks and brought fruits and flowers as an offering to their teachers. Some parents who wanted their children to be good at studies, decided to get the \"Vidyarambham\" performed by their family doctors or persons with status in society.Meanwhile, \"Aavani\", a school for special children, was inaugurated by psychiatrist Dr C Ramasubramanian. The school is a wing of the Arogya Trust and integrates ayurvedic medicine, yoga and allopathy in child care. According to Dr Sridevi Rajeev Varier, director of Aavani, the essence of Aavani lies in helping and guiding children to achieve excellence in life.\"She added, \"The school's objective is to achieve a balance between the physical, intellectual and social development of children, helping them acquire the knowledge and skills needed to take up their rightful place in society.\"In Dindigul, parents queued up outside schools that had obtained a 100 per cent pass among students in the public exams in recent times, seeking admission for their children.Subramanian, a former priest, says the day in which the child starts its first learning is very important as it has to be auspicious. But now with media exposure, a child starts learning even before he or she speaks. Many of them start tapping the keys on a computer even before they are able to hold other objects. But it is better to ensure that any learning starts on Vijayadashami,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945879", "title": "2006 abduction case: High court upholds life sentences to three", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has upheld the life sentence awarded to three people by a trial court for kidnapping an 11-year-old boy six years ago.A division bench comprising Justice Sanjiv Khanna and Justice S P Garg dismissed the appeals of Mohamed Shahanwaz alias Tarik, Mohmed Wasim and Mohamed Tanveer against the lower court's order, which had convicted the trio for kidnapping the boy for a ransom of Rs 25 lakh, relying upon the victim's statement.The bench rejected the argument of the three accused that the boy's testimony was full of contradictions, and said, \"We have considered the contention but do not find any merit in the same.\"\"Several questions were put to him to verify and satisfy whether he was mature enough to understand the questions and respond to them... His statement on the main and core aspects should be believed and accepted. Minor discrepancies or contradictions, which have been pointed out, do not in any way affect the victim's credibility...,\" the court said.According to the prosecution, the boy had come from Ludhiana to visit his maternal grandfather in west Patel Nagar in 2006. On 28 March 2006, he was kidnapped by the trio when he had gone out to play. Subsequently, ransom calls were made to the victim's father and Rs 25 lakh was demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16945195", "title": "'Tiracol-Keri and Tuem-Camurlim bridges will be built on priority'", "text": "MAPUSA: Health minister and Mandrem MLA Laxmikant Parsekar has assured that the construction of two bridges will be taken up in the Mandrem constituency on priority basis. \"One bridge will connect Tiracol to Keri on the River Tiracol, while the Tuem-Camurlim bridge will be built on the River Chapora,\" he said. Parsekar, who was accompanied by the North Goa MP Shripad Naik and senior government officials, recently visited the village panchayats in Mandrem constituency.\"The proposed Keri-Tiracol bridge will fulfil the long-pending demand of the residents of Tiracol,\" Parsekar said. It is to noted that the Tiracol residents obtain electricity and telephone services from Maharashtra. For electricity, the villagers are subjected to inconvenience due to regular power shedding by the Maharashtra government. Due the absence of a bridge, water and power supply cannot be taken to the other bank of the river. \"Problems due to water and power supply, as well as other issues, will be addressed once the bridge is completed,\" Parsekar said.The Maharashtra government has taken up the construction of the bridge over the Tiracol river connecting Kiranpani in Goa to Aronda in Maharashtra), which is nearing completion.\"Construction of the Tuem-Camurlim bridge will be taken up on priority to attract good and job-oriented industries, like pharmaceuticals units, at the Tuem industrial estate. This will surely generate employment avenues to unemployed youths in Pernem taluka.\" Parsekar also said that an amount of 11.72 crore has been earmarked by the water resources department for taking up the works of construction of an anti-sea erosion wall and for repairs of Khazankond bandhara at Keri.The Mandrem MLA also informed that a bypass road is also proposed from Mandrem via Arambol, Paliem to connect to the Kiranpani-Aronda bridge to avoid traffic congestion in the areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945283", "title": "Three acquitted in drugs case", "text": "MUMBAI: Glaring technical errors in the evidence presented by the police has led to the acquittal of three men arrested in 2010 for allegedly possessing 33kg charas. A special Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act court acquitted the trio on Monday.It was the prosecution's case that on May 21, 2010, the anti-narcotics cell received a tip off alerting them that around 9.30am, three men would arrive near Dahisar Telephone Exchange from Kashmir in a car with 33 kg charas. Accordingly a trap was laid and the three persons\u2014Mohammad Madarsa Shah (48), Alam Shaikh (35) and Ibrahim Ismail Jahangir(65)\u2014were nabbed by the Cuffe Parade Unit. While two accused were natives of Gulbarga in Karnataka, the third accused was from Mumbra. Subsequently, after investigations, two more persons\u2014Ramzaan Sheikh(41) from Ghatkopar and Satish Padve (49) from Currey Road\u2014were arrested. The accused had allegedly brought the narcotic substance into the city with an intention of selling it in both large and small quantities. While Sheikh and Padve were later released on bail, the others continued to remain in jail.During the trial, the prosecution presented seven witnesses. However, the defence advocate, Shekhar Bhandari, pointed out that the alleged vehicle used by the accused to ferry the dugs was actually produced by the police in another court a day prior in another case. In that case, the police had said that the car was used by another set of accused in the commission of an offence. Another prosecution witness allegedly submitted that the accused were arrested at 9.30am on May 21. However, a defence witness revealed that the prosecution's witness was actually present at the Cuffe Parade Unit around the same time.A panch witness, who was allegedly present when the accused were arrested and the charas was seized, also deposed in court. However, he submitted that five accused were brought in a car from the spot to the police station. Pointing out a loophole in this testimony, the defence submitted that this was different from the prosecution's case, which stated that three accused were arrested from the spot and two were nabbed subsequently. Taking into account the prosecutions' failure to prove the case, the pecial judge acquitted Shah, Alam and Jahangir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946732", "title": "\u2018I am still frightened\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The two Ugandan students \u2014 who were chased, abused and attacked in Sector 40 around 2.30am \u2014 have decided to leave their courses in between and return to their country.Recalling the incident, Hamis Mutebi, 25, a Sector 40 resident who is pursuing MSc (information technology) from PTU, said, \"It was a horrible time... the two tipsy youths passed nasty remarks at us. They shouted at us, saying, 'We will sexually assault you, we will kill you, call the police... but nothing will happen... nobody can harm us'. The incident has left me dejected and disappointed. I will leave my course in between and return to my country at the earliest.\" He and his friend were targeted while he was going to drop her at her home in the same sector.\"Many Indians are living in our country and nobody disturbs them. But here, I have been facing harassment for over four years,\" he added. Mutebi came here in 2008 from Uganda's capital Kampala to pursue a BBA course. Besides MSc, he is also pursuing a computer hardware engineering course. The 19-year-old woman, who is pursuing BBA from PTU regional centre in Sector 40, said, \"It was our worst night... I had never thought that I will face this in an advanced city like Chandigarh. Hooligans tried to catch hold of me, mouthed obscene remarks, chased us and hurled stones at my house. I am still frightened. I will not stay here. I will prefer a safer country for my further studies.\" She came here in 2011.The accused \u2014 Karan Kumar, who was earlier arrested in an attempt-to-murder case, and Amandeep Singh \u2014 have been sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946780", "title": "No permission to new diploma in education colleges in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The state education department has stopped granting permission to new colleges offering diploma in education (DEd) courses from this year onwards.State education minister Rajendra Darda took the decision in view of the excess DEd candidates passing out each year as against the number of vacancies in schools.Darda told TOI that a school inspection carried out last year revealed that there was a mismatch in the number of teachers appointed in schools and the actual requirement of teachers. Some schools had extra teachers whereas some schools had vacancies for teachers. \"We will strike a balance by absorbing the extra teachers in schools where there are vacancies and later decide on granting permissions to DEd colleges,\" he said.At present, he said, too many colleges have been granted permission to run the course as a result of which the number of candidates passing DEd course is in excess. \"The state annually requires 14,000 to 15,000 new teachers. In 2010-11 and 2011-12 academic years, close to 90,000 candidates took admission to DEd courses in each of the years across the state. It is evident that the state is producing too many teachers and this is leading to unemployment,\" he said.In the current academic year, five DEd colleges in the state were granted permission, while 11 DEd colleges were granted permission last year. In the 2009-10 academic year, 14 DEd colleges were granted permission. As a result, in the last four years, 30 new DEd colleges have been set up in the state.The state education department has also decided that henceforth, even if the National Council for Teacher Education gives approval to a certain college in the state to run the DEd course, the state government will not grant government affiliation.Darda said that currently, there are close to one lakh primary and secondary schools run by local self-government bodies and private institutions. About five lakh teachers are working in these schools teaching 1.80 crore students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953102", "title": "LiLo once again embroiled in 'thieving' accusations", "text": "Lindsay Lohan has been accused of taking 15,000 dollars worth of clothing from the set of her new film, 'Scary Movie 5.'According to the National Enquirer, the 26-year-old-actress, took some \"nice tops and skirts\" among other things while shooting the movie last month, the Daily Mail reported.\"It was the talk of the set in Atlanta ,\" a source said.\"The clothes were on her wardrobe racks. Some nice tops and skirts and other items were gone.\"I guess Lindsay thought she was entitled to it, like free soap at a hotel. All the other actors knew about it, but the producers just put it down to the price you had to pay for doing business with Lindsay,\" the source said.The 'Mean Girls' star is playing herself in the upcoming spoof flick, which is set for release next year.\"The wardrobe people were unhappy about the missing clothes, but at the end of the day the producers decided it was more trouble than it was worth to try and get them back,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16946129", "title": "Dasara ends on a colourful note", "text": "DHARWAD: Jamboo Savari added glitz to Dasara festival with imposing elephants carrying the howdah bearing Bhuvaneshwari and Chamundeshwari's portraits walked on the city streets in a grand procession on Wednesday.Pontiffs of Kodimath of Arsikere and Moorusavir Mutt in Hubli along with former minister H K Patil flagged off the Jamboo Savari organized by the Dharwad Jamboo Savari Utsav samiti led by Gururaj Hunshimarad on Vijay Dashami, the concluding day of the 10-day festivities.As many as eight cultural troupes sent by the songs and drama division of the Central Academy of Music and Dance enthralled the audience through their performance.Cultural troupes from Manipur, Punjab, Chattisghar, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala presented cultural entertainment forms of their respective states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946943", "title": "Canadian PM to reset India agenda", "text": "NEW DELHI: After laying out the red carpet for the Australian prime minister, New Delhi is preparing to host Canadian PM Stephen Harper next week.Travelling through four cities \u2014 Agra, Chandigarh, Bangalore and Delhi \u2014 between November 3-9, Harper, whose conservative government has taken a definite turn towards India, plans to use his second visit to India to reset the agenda between the two countries.Canada is emerging as one of India's bigger sources for energy and minerals. Private Indian firms are being invited to invest in the energy sector in Canada, with the country using its established infrastructure, political stability and low risk as selling points.In a statement, Harper said, \"Canada enjoys a strong working and personal relationship with India but we must further strengthen the links between our two countries. India is a growing economy with enormous potential, and expanding our trade and investment links with India will create jobs, growth and long-term prosperity here in Canada.\"While trade is growing at a steady clip, Canada is also an attractive destination for at least 23,000 Indian students. Harper will be accompanied by Ed Fast, minister of international trade and minister for the Asia-Pacific gateway; Joe Oliver, minister of natural resources; Gerry Ritz, minister of agriculture and agri-food; Bal Gosal, minister of state (sport); and Tim Uppal, minister of state (democratic reform), along with representatives of the business and cultural sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16946464", "title": "Angkor-like Buddha visage installed in Ujire", "text": "MANGALORE: The education town of Ujire has a new attraction \u2014 the serene visage of Lord Buddha. Located on the premises of Naturopathy Hospital, the image is 11 feet tall and 28 feet wide.It draws inspiration from a similar stone sculpture found in Khmer architecture dating back 1,000 years and more. It was installed on instructions from philanthropist D Veerendra Heggade. Ujire is 60km from Mangalore on the way to Dharmasthala.Two artists \u2014 Ganesh Kamath from Dharmasthala, and Nagaraj Badiger from Haveri district's Shiggaon \u2014 gave life to this image. Ganesh told TOI the drawing was originally made for a stage to be set up at Lakshadeepotsava at Dharmasthala. \"Heggade was so impressed with the drawing he wanted us to set up a permanent structure, which we did in 45 days,\" he said.The Bayon is well-known and richly decorated Khmer temple at Angkor, Cambodia. Built in the late-12th or early-13th century as the state temple of the Mahayana Buddhist King Jayavarman VII, the image stands at the centre of Jayavarman's capital, Angkor Thom.After Jayavarman's death, it was modified by later Hindu and Theravada Buddhist kings in accordance with their religious preferences. Its most distinctive feature is the stone faces on many towers that jut out from the upper terrace and cluster around its central peak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947410", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of elderly couple", "text": "CHENNAI: A couple were found dead in mysterious circumstances at their house in Tirumullaivoyal on Monday night.Police rushed there and recovered the bodies of Natarajan , 70, and Radhammal, 65, after neighbours complained about a foul smell emanating from the house. The bodies were in a highly decomposed state and the 'mangalsutra' the woman had been was missing , police said. But, other pieces of jewellery kept in a cupboard were found intact.The couple were last seen talking to their neighbours on Sunday and did not come out after that, police said. Natarajan owned some shops and had rented them out. The couple, who have two sons and two daughters who live elsewhere in the city, had been living by themselves in the house for more than a decade.On Monday night, a foul smell wafted out of the window when a tenant, Venkatesan , came to fetch water from the well in the backyard. The front door was locked from inside and the backdoor was open. He and other neighbours peeped in and found Radhammal lying dead on the bed, while her husband was lying on the floor near the bathroom.\"There were no injury marks on the bodies and there were no signs of a struggle,\" said an investigating officer. The preliminary post-mortem report also said that there were no external or internal injuries on the bodies. The possibility of suicide has not been ruled out.\"We are yet to find out if her mangalsutra was missing or she had kept it elsewhere,\" he said The cupboard were open and two set of earrings, rings, a gold chain and some documents relating to land kept in it remained untouched. The level of decomposition indicates that the couple may have died at least two days ago, the officer said.Preliminary interrogations revealed that Radhammal had been lending money for interest to the locals and the couple did not have any quarrel with anybody, police said.Sniffer dogs were pressed into service and experts lifted fingerprints from the crime spot. The Thirumullaivoyal police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946354", "title": "Lighting up homes with water bottles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ever heard of a water bottle that provides light equal to a 100watt bulb? A bunch of third-year mechanical engineering students of Lovely Professional University (LPU) have made this possible. These students, along with certain others from colleges affiliated to Punjab Technical University (PTU), will now be a part of a nationwide project in which one lakh homes in rural areas will be lit using this \"solar water bottle\", from January 2013 to January 2014.Replicating an Indonesian concept, developed by researchers overseas, to use sunlight to provide free-of-cost lighting source, these students formed a group called \"technoholix\" and presented their research paper in the Bhartiya Vigyan Sammelan &amp; Expo which was recently held at LPU.\"We used the phenomenon of multiple-reflection of light within a fluid medium. We took a homogenous solvent of water, bleaching powder, soda, salt and vinegar. This helps in convergence of light rays and produce bright illumination,\" said Manoj Kumar , a third-year student.\"The invention, if adopted on a mass scale, has the potential to illuminate crores of households, even in slum areas across the country and abroad,\" he said. What makes the invention fascinating is the fact that it does not call for any expenditure to ensure light during the day time in the indoors of houses which have no access to electricity. While bleaching powder, soda and salt helps in scattering of light, vinegar helps in making light denser for reflection.\"When natural sun rays fall on this bottle, it undergoes multiple reflections, producing high intensity illumination capable of providing substantial light indoors,\" said Amit Kulkarni, who is heading the \"Need India\" mission of a scientific organization called 'Vignana Bharti', which is spearheading this project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953207", "title": "Ravi Kishan to represent Bhojpuri cinema in Mauritius", "text": "Actor Ravi Kishan, who has been shooting for Bhojpuri film Prem Bidrohi in Lucknow since last month, took off to Mauritius for the weekend.No, the actor is not vacationing there, he has in fact flown to Mauritius on Wednesday night to represent India, especially Bhojpuri community, cinema and the language, at the NRI Day to be celebrated in Port Louise in Mauritius. Kishan has been invited as a speaker at the Pravasi Bhartiya Diwas organized by the Indian and Mauritius Government.\"It's a very big honour for me. I was told about this just a few days ago and I immediately said yes to going there. To be considered a spokesperson for Bhojpuri is a very big thing to me and to talk about it in front of such important people and NRIs from across the world is even better,\" said Ravi before flying off to Port Loiuse.Bhojpuri has been granted the status of a National Language in Mauritius and a statue of Goddess Bhojpuri has also been erected there.Along with dignitaries from all over the world, the event will also include the Prime Minister of Mauritius Navin Chandra Ramgoolam, Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs Vyalar Ravi, Indian High Commissioner TP Sitaraman, politicians Sachin Pilot , Meenakshi Natarajan, Manish Tiwari as well as well known NRIs will be part of the event.The event will also be hosting senior politicians and officials from countries like Sri Lanka, Zimbabwe and New Zealand. From Mauritius Ravi will be flying back to Mumbai, to spend some time with his family and then back to Lucknow to complete Prem Bidrohi and to shoot for Tigmanshu Dhulia's Bullet Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945260", "title": "Beware! Fraud Formula One ticket site at work", "text": "NEW DELHI: Organizers of the second Airtel Indian Grand Prix were jolted on Wednesday by the emergence of a dubious website selling GP tickets.'Eventogp.com', claiming to be the 'channeling partner' of Jaypee Sports International Limited (JPSI), is offering Friday practice tickets for as low as Rs 1,000.According to JPSI, bookmyshow.com is the official ticket partners for the Indian GP . \"We want to tell the fans not to buy tickets from frivolous sources based on mobile messages from 'eventogp.com'. We have just one ticketing partner which is bookmyshow.com and the only other place to buy tickets online is the official website of the sport - 'www.formula1.com'. If somebody claims anything else, it is black marketing and fraud as resale of tickets is strictly forbidden,\" JPSI senior vice-president Askari H Zaidi told TOI on Wednesday.When TOI called up the 'managing director' of 'eventogp.com', Pritam Singh, whose site claims to be the \"authorised ticketing partner\" of the Indian Grand Prix, he said,\"We have tickets for Rs 1,000 for Friday and up to Rs 5,000 for Sunday race-day tickets. You can make the payment by cash when we deliver the tickets at your place. We are the chanelling partners of JPSI and have bought the tickets from them. We are just re-selling them to you,\" Singh told TOI.JPSI, which received one such sms, immediately issued a warning for the racing fans. \"There are mass SMS's being sent by these fraudsters to the public, claiming to provide cheaper tickets and are proclaiming themselves to be official ticketing vendors. We urge the public to ignore such messages and to inform the authorities,\" a JPSI statement said.Police officials claim they are yet to receive any complaint from JPSI or buyers of these tickets. \"But this is a serious matter and if they come to us we'll definitely take action,\" Gautam Budh Nagar SSP, Praveen Kumar said.JPSI added that it cannot guarantee entry to those who have bought tickets from such 'frivolous' sources. \"We don't guarantee anything to those who have bought tickets from anyone other than the official outlets. If caught, they won't be allowed to enter the track,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16946845", "title": "Wild bear mauls four in Chhatarpur", "text": "BHOPAL: A wild bear mauled four persons who were worshipping at a Devi temple in the small hours of Wednesday at Rajgarh village in Chhatarpur district. The hairy-animal, after foraying into the village from the nearby Panna tiger reserve, might have got disturbed due to loud praise and worship and attacked a congregation of 40-odd devotees, mostly tribal, who ran away. After the attack, the furry animal wasn't seen around and there is all possibility that it might have returned to the reserve, forest department official said.The injured were treated and discharged from the nearby hospital, area range office Bhima Mandloi told TOI. Meanwhile, forest ground duty staffers have been deputed in and around the village to shoo-away the bear in case it strays into the area again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946311", "title": "$4,000, 4 passports snatched", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It took a mischievous biker only a moment to escape with a Haryana woman's purse containing $4,000, Rs 20,000, four passports and a cellphone. Amidst police claims of frequent \"special checkpoints\" across the city, cases of snatching seem never to break. The victim lives in Kurukshetra and the police complaint was filed by her husband on her behalf.A police officer said on Wednesday: \"The snatching took place when the woman was crossing the road near Judicial Academy in Sector 43 on Tuesday evening. We have registered a case and recorded statements of eyewitnesses.\" The biker has been booked under sections 356 (assault or criminal force in attempt to commit theft of property carried by a person) and 379 (punishment for theft). This has been reported as one of the biggest snatchings this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16953075", "title": "Now, video game to teach kids anger management", "text": "WASHINGTON: Children with serious anger problems can be helped by a simple video game that hones their ability to regulate their emotions, a pilot study at Boston Children's Hospital has found.Noticing that children with anger control problems are often uninterested in psychotherapy, but very eager to play video games, Jason Kahn, PhD, and Joseph Gonzalez-Heydrich, MD, at Boston Children's Hospital developed \"RAGE Control\" to motivate children to practice emotional control skills that they can later use in challenging life situations.The fast-paced game involves shooting at enemy spaceships while avoiding shooting at friendly ones. As children play, a monitor on one finger tracks their heart rate and displays it on the computer screen. When heart rate goes above a certain level, players lose their ability to shoot at the enemy spaceships.To improve their game, they must learn to keep calm.\"The connections between the brain's executive control centres and emotional centres are weak in people with severe anger problems,\" explained Gonzalez-Heydrich, chief of Psychopharmacology at Boston Children's and senior investigator on the study.\"However, to succeed at RAGE Control, players have to learn to use these centres at the same time to score point,\" he noted.The study, led by first author Peter Ducharme, MSW, a clinical social worker at Boston Children's, compared two groups of 9- to 17-year-old children admitted to the hospital's Psychiatry Inpatient Service who had high levels of anger. To qualify for the study, the children had to have a normal IQ and not need a medication change during the five-day study period.One group, with 19 children, received standard treatments for anger including cognitive-behavioural therapy, presentation of relaxation techniques and social skills training for five consecutive business days. The second group, with 18 children, got these same treatments, but spent the last 15 minutes of their psychotherapy session playing RAGE Control.After five sessions, the video gamers were significantly better at keeping their heart rate down. They showed clinically significant decreases in anger scores on the State Trait Anger Expression Inventory-Child and Adolescent (STAXI-CA), and specifically on: the intensity of anger at a particular time the frequency of angry feelings over time, expression of anger towards others or objects.The gamers also had a decrease in suppressed, internalized anger that reached marginal statistical significance. In contrast, the standard-treatment group showed no significant change from baseline on any of the above measures.The video gamers gave their therapy experience high marks for helpfulness (5 to 6 on a scale of 7).\"Kids reported feeling better control of their emotions when encountering day to day frustrations on the unit. While this was a pilot study, and we weren't able to follow the kids after they were discharged, we think the game will help them control their emotions in other environments,\" said Ducharme.The research team plans another clinical trial to test whether letting children take RAGE Control home, to play with parents and siblings, will increase its effect.In addition, Kahn is spearheading a team effort to develop toys to enhance emotional regulation skills in children too young for RAGE Control. These toys include racing cars that stop if a child gets too excited and, for even younger children, a cooperative game where children try to help each other stack blocks (if heart rate goes up, the table becomes wobbly and the blocks topple).Results were published online October 24 in the journal Adolescent Psychiatry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945265", "title": "Foundation stone for multi-level Panaji parking project laid", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday laid the foundation stone for a 21 crore multi-level parking project opposite the cruise jetty in Panaji on Wednesday. He announced that a new bus stand is proposed on the outskirts of the capital city on the Merces highway side to cater to South Goa commuters.Parrikar said that the parking facility will facilitate easy parking management and also movement of tourist vehicles. The multi-storey project will accommodate 83 vehicles on each level- basement, ground floor, stilt, first floor and terrace.Department of tourism will renovate, develop and modernize the present jetty. As part of the 20 crore project, it is also proposed to provide a fuelling centre, waste collection centre, fire fighting, police outpost and other amenities required for the operation of the tourist boats of the stake holders and the operating offices. Speaking on the occasion, the chief minister said that the Panaji bus stand will also be renovated and added that there will be an interlinking of the new and existing bus stands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945970", "title": "Mercury dips to 16.4\u00b0C, nip in the air here to stay", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's time to take the woolens out, the weatherman has signalled. The maximum temperature dropped by four degrees and the minimum by one in Delhi on Wednesday, following the squall the day before. The Met office said the rest of the month would remain cool, with temperatures ranging between 13 and 30 degrees.Wednesday's maximum fell to 27.8 degrees Celsius and the minimum to 16.4. Morning visibility was expected to fall on Thursday, Met officials said, as a result of Tuesday's rain. \"Rain-induced fog occurs usually a day or so later so we are expecting a drop in general visibility at IGI Airport to around 1,200-1,300m. The runway visual range, necessary for aircraft operations, will also fall to around 1,500m but no flight disruption is expected,\" said an official at the Palam Met office.With the western disturbance over the Himalayan region moving eastwards, the wind direction has changed from south to north, bringing in chilly winds from the hills where it has been snowing in the past few days.\"Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand etc will continue to have rain and snow at a few places till Thursday after which the area will also turn dry. With the western disturbance having moved away, the northwest plains will also experience a clear sky because of which the day will be sunny and temperatures will be around 30 degrees. However, the clear sky will have the opposite effect on the mornings when temperatures will drop slightly,\" said a Met official.Officials said that no major changes in the weather are expected at least till the end of the month. The maximum temperature will rise slightly after that but morning temperatures will drop even further. Low-visibility conditions will last for only a day or so and the remaining week should be clear.The city had recorded 6.6 mm rain till 5.30pm on Tuesday and another 1.5 mm till 8.30 am on Wednesday, taking the 24-hour total to 8.1 mm. This is the highest rainfall in the month of October since 2005. In 2004, Delhi saw 89mm rain in October. Since then, there have been two years, 2007 and 2011, when no rain was recorded in the month and only traces in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946295", "title": "Dengue may give way to H1N1", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The drop in temperature will bring both good and bad news for you. If the chill will sound the death knell for dengue, it will provide favourable conditions for the spread of swine flu.Dengue, which has massively hit the Tricity, will remain for a week or so. \"Fall in temperature will kill the dengue virus. But other influenza-like viruses, including H1N1 , will proliferate,\" says Dr Deepak Bhatia, nodal officer, Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme, Punjab.H1N1's symptoms are quite similar to respiratory diseases' that are common during winter.Spelling caution, Dr Bhatia adds, \"One should avoid crowded places, as the flu is airborne and can spread through droplets while one coughs or sneezes.\"Dr Sanjay Jain, internal medicine department, PGI, says, \"We must take care at this time as influenza and influenza-like viruses will find favourable conditions. Try to wash hands often to ensure personal hygiene. Though wards are full of dengue patients, onset of winter will check its spread.\"Prescribing prevention, Dr Ram Singh, internal medicine department, GMCH, says, \"One must cover his mouth with a handkerchief while coughing or sneezing. Eat lots of fruits and vegetables to build resistance and have lots of fluids.\"The flu has already been reported in the adjoining states like Haryana and Punjab.It is for the first time that government and private hospitals are brimming with dengue patients.In the wake of poor preparedness for dengue, it seems swine flu too might give Tricity a tough time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953120", "title": "'Eyes Wide Shut' characters based on Kidman-Cruise's troubled marriage", "text": "Nicole Kidman has revealed that Stanley Kubrick based her and then-husband Tom Cruise's characters in 'Eyes Wide Shut' on their troubled marriage.The film has many times been blamed for the demise of her marriage to Cruise. The movie came out in 1999 and the Hollywood stars divorced in 2001.\"Onscreen, the husband and wife are at odds, and Stanley wanted to use our marriage as a supposed reality. That was Stanley: He used the movie as provocation, pretending it was our sex life. Which we weren't oblivious to, but obviously it wasn't us. We both decided to dedicate ourselves to a great filmmaker and artist,\" the New York Post quoted her as saying.The actress admits she was wary of the movie's blatant sexuality but felt safe while working with the veteran director.Kubrick was 70-years-old when he died of a heart attack in March 1999, just four days after screening his final cut of 'Eyes Wide Shut', which was based on a bizarre night-long sexual odyssey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16946081", "title": "Taluk status: Hope for other towns", "text": "BELGAUM: Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar announced Kittur as a new taluk after inaugurating the Kittur Utsav at Kittur in Bailhongal taluk on Tuesday, making it the 177th taluk of the state and 11th in Belgaum district. A notification would be published in this regard within a week.With the announcement of Kittur as taluk, the hopes of many towns in queue for the same have received a fresh impetus. Many towns like Nippani in Chikkodi taluk, Sankeshwar in Hukkeri taluk, Harugeri in Raibag, Mudalagi in Gokak, Yaragatti in Savadatti and Kagawad in Athani taluk are in line to become a taluk headquarters.Out of which, the government has already opened special tahsildhar offices in many towns including Nippani and Sankeshwar.\"I hope the government will announce Nippani as a taluk headquarters in the coming winter legislature session to be held in Belgaum in November. Several committees including Vasudev Committee, Gaddigoudar Committee and M B Prakash Committee have recommended taluk headquarters status for Nippani for long. The population of the town has also crossed the 75,000 mark,\" local MLA Kakasaheb Patil said.Though the number of taluk headquarters has increased in the district, now reaching 11 with the addition of Kittur, the separation of the district is pending due to political reasons.The government has already placed several district level offices at Chikkodi and only an announcement is pending. However, it has been pending due to strong opposition from the people of Gokak who have been demanding the craving of a separate district of Gokak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945893", "title": "20-year-old alleges rape by doctor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old woman who had passed Class XII and was keen to study medicine was allegedly drugged and raped by a doctor in Paharganj five days ago. The woman also told police that the accused had duped her on the pretext of getting her admission to an MBBS course in Moscow.The woman, a resident of Ghaziabad, has stated in her complaint that the doctor asked her to meet him at the cultural centre of a foreign country in central Delhi. From there, he took her to a hotel in Paharganj, where she was allegedly made to down a soft drink laced with sedatives.The woman reported that she became dizzy after consuming the drink, and the man assaulted her sexually, threatening her of dire consequences if she complained. She escaped from the hotel when the accused fled, and informed her family members. She also approached the police for help and a case of rape was registered under Section 376 of IPC at the Barakhamba Road police station.A source said the accused is still on the run. Senior officers of the district refused to comment on the case. While the woman's family wanted to send her out of town, police have requested them to let her stay on so that she can help in the investigation.The woman has alleged that the doctor is a native of Arunachal Pradesh. As per her complaint, he took a large amount of money to get her a seat in Moscow but later went back on his word, asking her to settle for a college in India instead. She told police that on the day of the assault he had asked her to meet him for signing an admission form.Police said they are analyzing the call records of the duo. One team has been sent to Arunachal Pradesh and the other to a suspected hideout of the accused, a source said. A senior officer said the woman and the doctor knew each other and their call detail record (CDR) shows that they had frequently exchanged calls and messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16953990", "title": "BS Yedyurappa attacks BJP, JDS", "text": "MYSORE: Former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa appears to be determined to take on both BJP and JDS in the coming elections. Yeddyurappa has made it clear that his days in BJP are numbered and all his relations with the party will be publicly severed on 10 December when he launches his own regional outfit .Unleashing his tirade against BJP leaders and JDS's father son duo, Yeddyurappa tried to remind the people on how he was cheated by Appa Makkalu and his own party leaders . First it was father son duo who cheated and refused to share power as promised by them, and after that when , \" I returned to power with a mandate to rule the state for five years, it was my own party men who discarded and cheated me by removing me from power posing the Lok Ayuktha report which has no truth in it\" he said .\"What has pained me more was the cheating done by my own party men\" he rued. \" BJP leaders be it Eshwarappa or Ananthkumar , they never questioned my credibility when I managed to win 110 seats to bring BJP to power on it's own, but they suddenly started finding fault when they removed me from power besides starting to suspect me and leaders who joined BJP for my sake\" he added.Yeddyurappa who went hammer and tongs at Eshwarappa and Ananthkumar said both conspired against him to oust him from CM's post. \"But I know that people of the state irrespective of the caste and community they belonged loved me and my programmes\" he claimed, adding that more than 1.5 crore people in the state sitting in their houses directly got one or the other benefits to support their life.\" I will launch my party formally on 10 December , but I have started short listing candidates to contest the next assembly elections and candidates for more than 100 constituencies are finalized\" he said, adding that he is going ahead with the preparations without bothering about who is joining him in the forthcoming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945514", "title": "Residents cry foul as waste piles up after celebration", "text": "NEW DELHI: The garbage left behind after the festivities is raising the hackles of residents. While the municipal corporations claim to have launched a sanitation drive, heaps of waste lying on the roads tell a different story.Residents complain that the leftovers from pandals and bhandaras have not been cleaned up. \"The waste has not been picked up by the sanitation staff. The waste piled up in CR Park is raising a stink. In addition to being an eyesore, these leftovers pose a health hazard,\" said Keshav Aggarwal of CR Park RWA.\"On one hand, the corporations are seeking people's cooperation for their sanitation drive, and on the other, they are doing nothing to address their problems,\" said Rajni Mathur of Vasant Vihar RWA.The corporations cite staff shortage to explain their inaction. \"There are so many bhandaras and functions in every colony that keeping garbage off the roads is a herculean task. We have deployed extra manpower but the existing staff crunch is posing a problem,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North corporation.A garbage pile lying 200m away from the East corporation's headquarters in Patparganj Industrial Area is also lying unattended. \"A bhandara was set up on Tuesday and the garbage will be removed. The organizers should also place dustbins nearby, so that the people don't throw the leftovers and plates on the road. We have penalized the private contractors for not cleaning the roads,\" said the East corporation spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16951091", "title": "Glock confident of better show from Marussia", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian GP is three days away and there are a few more eage for D-Day to arrive than Timo Glock. The German driver from team Marussia failed to finish at last year's inaugural GP at the Buddh International Circuit , and Glock can't wait to turn things in his favour this time around. \"To go out last year was unfortunate. Let's see what we can do this year,\" said Glock who was in the city on Wednesday.The lack of the Kinetic Energy Recovery System (KERS) in the Marussia cars is a disadvantage that Glock knows he has to deal with but the German is confident of putting up a decet show. \"We're not a team with a massive budget like most others and the KERS is an expensive affair. The only way to deal with this is to do better at the other aspects of the race,\" said Glock.Glock's 12th place finish at the Singapore GP was his best this season and feels a tenth place finish is what would be the team's practical target.The German, who started his F1 career in 2004 with Jordan and later moved to Toyota, said the Marussia team is a bit different.\"It is very different. At Toyota we had a lot of possibilities, big budget, lots of people working. It was a different scenario. Things changed and Toyota decided to step out which was a shame, I think, at that time. It is different here. But still I see possibilities here to move up and make it better,\" Glock insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953312", "title": "Animal lover Pam says horse-drawn carriages are out of date", "text": "Pamela Anderson has revealed her displeasure over the use of horse-drawn carriages in New York, and thinks that they should be replaced.The former 'Baywatch' star was at a NYClass gala at the Edison Ballroom to promote a proposal that would replace New York's horse-drawn carriage rides with the horsepower of classic cars.\"They don't do it in London anymore,\" the New York Post quoted her as saying.\"They don't do it in Toronto or Paris , and we're still doing it in New York.\"It seems very behind the times,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946512", "title": "Minister in PMO comes out in Khurshid defence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Supporting law minister Salman Khurshid , minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office V Narayanasamy on Wednesday said no action could be taken against his senior colleague \"simply\" on the basis of allegation of misuse of funds by an NGO headed by him.Noting that the Uttar Pradesh government was conducting an inquiry into allegations against the Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, run by the law minister's wife Louise Khurshid, Narayanasamy said, \"Before inquiry is concluded, jumping to any conclusion is totally incorrect. That is why we need to wait for the inquiry report on the basis of which any action will be taken. But simply because an allegation has come, action cannot be taken against the minister (Khurshid). It is totally unwarranted.\"Narayanasamy was speaking on the sidelines of a conference of Commonwealth Association for Public Administration and Management (CAPAM).Khurshid is under attack from civil society activist turned politician Arvind Kejriwal following a TV sting which alleged that the trust had misappropriated funds meant for providing equipment to the disabled.Narayanasamy declined to comment on alleged irregularities in a land deal between Robert Vadra and realty major DLF, saying it was a \"personal\" matter.Inaugurating the CAPAM conference, being held in India for the first time and attended by over 350 delegates from Commonwealth countries, Narayanasamy highlighted various initiatives \u2014 including implementation of Right to Information Act \u2014 taken by the government to improve governance and transparency.He said good governance based on transparency and accountability at various levels started and ended with stakeholders or citizens.\"Therefore, any system, policy or machinery will only succeed if it is fully accountable to the stakeholders and its processes are transparent, and citizens are engaged,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16945906", "title": "E Summit at IIM Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The second national E Summit will be held at IIM Kozhikode under the aegis of the Entrepreneurship Cell on October 27 and 28.The summit will present an avenue for promoting entrepreneurial ventures and serves as a platform for collaboration between start-ups, venture capitalists and mentors to encourage successful partnerships.Theme for the summit this year is 'redefining entrepreneurship: more than just starting up'. The summit will hold events including Social B Plan competitions, mobile app development competitions and panel discussions.The speakers include Sanjay Anandaram, entrepreneur and venture partner, Seed Fund, Deepak Ravindran, CEO, Innoz Technology, Kartik Vaidyanathan, founder, Free Energy and Sanjay Vijayakuma, CEO, MobME Wireless Solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950084", "title": "Mamta in enjoying her Mollywood stint", "text": "Married actresses might not rule the industry elsewhere, but Mollywood seems to be taking an exception. Mamta Mohandas , now Mamta Pregith, who has in her kitty roles as different as chalk and cheese, simply goes on to prove it.While her recent release alongside Mammootty has her in a sari-clad role, My Boss, in which she plays Dileep's heroine, has her in a totally opposite and modern avatar.\"I know; not every actress gets such lucky breaks. Though, I did not plan it... it just happened. Yeah... I'm lucky and I know it. Thank God!\" Mamta beams.Quiz her on what kind of films she wants to be a part of and the actress says, \"I'd love to do any film that makes me want to do it at its very mention. There are some things that make me excited, happy and jump up to get it. I want to be a part of only such films. I love my work and I should be able to enjoy it with no regrets. So I might as well pick them carefully and ensure that those films want me too,\" she points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16954268", "title": "Punjab State Games for Women to begin from Friday", "text": "AMRITSAR: As many as 2000 women participants in 12 disciplines shall take part in Punjab State Games for Women being organized by Punjab Sports Department from October 26th to 28, 2012 at Guru Nanak Stadium , informed Supreet Singh Gulati, Additional Deputy Commissioner while talking to media persons here on Thursday. He informed that the department had also deputed 200 officials to organize the event.\"The main aim of this state level competition is to provide additional opportunities to women to participate in sports so that they can avail various benefits . like admission in various technical and medical institutions and jobs on preferential bases under sports quota\" he said .Giving details of the event, he said that the 12 disciplines include Athletics, Badminton , Basketball, Gymnastics, Hockey, Handball, Kabaddi, Kho Kho, Lawn Tennis, Swimming, Table Tennis and Volleyball. District Sports Officer Harpaljit informed that the Punjab state teams that would represent the state at national level would be selected during this competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946685", "title": "Two more die of H1N1 in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Two more people died of swine flu in the city on Wednesday, taking the city's death toll to 25 since April this year.A health official of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) said both the deceased had delayed seeking treatment which worsened their condition.\"The 23-year-old youth who died of swine flu is from Velhe taluka. He delayed seeking treatment even after having high grade fever and cough for two days. The other victim, a 49-year-old man from Belgaum district in Karnataka, did not seek any treatment for six days, despite having all classical symptoms,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.The youth had developed cough and fever from September 27 and breathlessness from the next day. He was admitted to a hospital in Velhe taluka on September 29, however, he showed no signs of improvement. The hospital sent him to Pune for higher management following which he was moved to the KEM Hospital in Pune on September 30.His condition was critical at the time of admission. Hence, he was intubated and put on pressure control mode ventilator support. His condition kept fluctuating throughout his hospitalisation between September 30 and October 24.\"His condition later deteriorated following which he developed acute respiratory distress syndrome that led to multi-organ dysfunction syndrome. He died at KEM Hospital at 9.20 am on Wednesday,\" said the official.The other victim, who had recently undergone kidney transplant, developed symptoms from September 22. He had fever, cough and running nose for eight days and breathlessness from two days. He indulged in self medication between September 22 and 28, and delayed seeking medical advice. He consulted a doctor in Pune on September 28 and was advised to get admitted, since his X-ray report showed signs of pneumonia.He got himself admitted to Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital on October 1. His condition later deteriorated, following which he was put on ventilator support from October 4. He died at 2.20 pm on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16951642", "title": "Chewing paan can cause oral cancer", "text": "WASHINGTON: Chewing betel quid or paan exposes half a billion people to substances that act as direct carcinogens in the mouth, scientists have revealed.Mu-Rong Chao and Chiung-Wen Hu explained that betel quid (BQ) consists of nuts from the arcea tree, sometimes combined with spices, such as cardamom or saffron, and other ingredients.Available in commercial forms, BQ is popular among people in China, India and other Asian countries, and people of Asian heritage living in the US and other countries.Scientists have known for decades that chewing BQ can lead to oral cancer, and showed recently that the substances in BQ could be changed into carcinogens in the body.The researchers explored whether there were any substances in the arcea nut that can cause cancer directly, without any need for the body to change or \"activate\" them.They discovered that compounds in the arcea nut can \"alkylate\" the genetic material DNA, causing changes that increase the risk of cancer, and they are present in betel quid in amounts high enough to do so.\"Our study showed that these alkylating agents are present at levels sufficient to cause DNA damage and could potentially have adverse implications to human health, particularly in the case of the development of oral cancer for BQ chewers,\" they said.Scientists reported in ACS' journal Chemical Research in Toxicology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16946611", "title": "Royal medallion missing for 100 years found", "text": "MYSORE: After it mysteriously went missing for more than a hundred years, the surpache (head medallion with feathers) occupied its place of pride on the turban worn by Srikanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar, the scion of Mysore royal family, as he performed the rituals on Vijayadashmi day.The surpache belonged to Raja Wadiyar, the king who began the Dasara celebrations 400 years ago after the decline of the Vijayanagara Kingdom. It went missing from the palace in the early 20th century -probably between 1900 and 1910 - when Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar was the Maharaja of Mysore.Beginning from Raja Wadiyar, every king wore the Mysore peta with the surpache stuck on it on all occasions, especially during Dasara festival when the kings led the procession.But after it went missing, for many years the celebrations went on without this diamond-studded surpache. However, a source told TOI that Sri Kanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar accidentally found it again after 100 years during his visit to an auction house in London.\"Srikanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar bought back the surpache by during the auction by paying a huge sum as he realized that it was a rare antique owned by his family and crafted by a local artist,\" the source said. It is said that the Wadiyar may have paid not less than Rs 8 crore for the medallion.The source recalled that Wadiyar had bought back a similar jewel made of emerald which was with a royal family in Tamil Nadu, adding that the he was keen on bringing back artifacts belonging to his ancestors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953888", "title": "Tulisa quips about 'having affair with married footballer' on radio show", "text": "Tulisa made a prank call to her PR during the \"Call or Delete\" section of Grimmy's Radio 1 Breakfast Show, claiming that she is having an affair with a married footballer.Since part of Simon Jones' job is damage limitation to his famous client's public image, this is the last thing he wants to hear.\"I've got a bit of a problem. You're gonna absolutely kill me. I've been really stupid,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.She then told him she'd seen her lover the day before and they thought they'd been caught kissing in a car - by a paparazzi.Tulisa made it a whole lot worse by announcing that she was in love with Mr Married.\"I think I'm gonna need a police escort, because the nation's gonna hate me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946942", "title": "Ravan Dahan pulls crowd at various places", "text": "INDORE: A large number of people turned up to witness Ravan Dahan on Vijayadashami at various places in the city. The burning of enormous effigies with bursting of crackers was the main attraction on the Wednesday evening as hours long fire cracker shows, Bhajan Sandhya and kavi sammelan at various places to mark the victory of good over evil.Children were seen flaunting their toy maces, while enjoying fair with their parents. \"We organize the fair every year here during Navratri that lasts till Vijayadashami. The crowd here can go up to 50,000,\" said member of Vijaynagar Ravan Dahan committee Satpal Singh. Kailash Vijaywargiya will be burning the effigy here.The Ravan effigy was 61ft tall and was decorated with a garland made of make-shift gas cylinders. After the completion of Kavi Sammelan based on the theme inflation the effigy was burnt.Chairman of Yeshvant Club, Paramjeet Singh Chabbra set a 45ft tall Ravan effigy on fire. \"It has been almost 50 years since we have been organizing Ravan Dahan programme here. After the Dahan, Garba programme was organized by the club. Various food stalls were an added attraction,\" said Chabbra. Around 10,000 people turned up at the club with their families on the eve of Vijayadashami.Ravan Dahan took place at several other places around the city. GPO, R&T; Marg, Dussehara Maidaan, Chaoni, Tilaknagar, Quila Maidaan, Kalani Nagar were some of the major places where Ravan Dahan took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945058", "title": "Chief hockey coach Michael Nobbs to join camp on Thursday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The suspense over chief hockey coach Michael Nobbs is finally over. The Australian, who was on a prolonged \"leave\" as the concerned authorities worked on his contract, would be joining the national camp on Thursday.But another Australian, physiologist David John, is unlikely to resume his duty as he is unhappy with the salary he was getting.\"Nobbs would be landing in the Capital on Wednesday night and head to Patiala, venue of the national camp, on Thursday morning,\" Hockey India secretary general Narinder Batra told TOI.\"As far as John is concerned, he is not coming since he has some salary issues. He has been unfair and unreasonable with his demands,\" Batra said adding that Hockey India would be taking a final call on John soon after which it will look for an alternative.The contracts of both Nobbs and John were up for review after the London Olympics. HI had forwarded their files to their employers, the Sports Authority of India (SAI).The files subsequently went to the sports ministry and the finance ministry for approval. The procedure took some time, delaying Nobbs' return to the country.HI had to start the national camp for Champions Trophy and few other tournaments from October 15 at Patiala without Nobbs.Batra had created a flutter earlier this month when he said that he was not aware when Nobbs would retutn. SAI had later cleared the air by starting the visa process for the former international in the second week of the month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16944985", "title": "Blood banks to hold more camps to meet rising demand", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the outbreak of dengue, blood bank authorities at the Coimbatore Medical College hospital have intensified efforts in the district to collect as many units of blood needed to cater to the increased demand.Even though the registered number of cases is comparatively low in the district, the inflow of patients from other districts has increased in the recent past. This has augmented the need to collect more units. More camps are being conducted in the district to maintain the stock with the rise in the number of patients needing blood, said P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer.Normally, the blood bank conducts at least 10 camps a month. At least 750 units of blood are collected through these camps. Annually, 8,000 units are collected at CMCH from voluntary blood donors. However, last month, 17 camps were conducted during which 14,000 units were collected. Officials have been travelling to various locations in the city and rural areas within corporation limits to collect blood.The blood is collected and component separation is done through the cryofuge machine to separate the blood into red cells, fresh frozen plasma, platelets and cryo precipitator, he said. The separation is essential so that the specific component of blood that the patient lacks can be given to him in concentrated doses. In dengue patients the platelet count is low and thus they are given additional platelets to recover.Blood platelets also known as thrombocytes play an important role in the body. These cell fragments are a natural source of growth and play an integral role in the process of hemostasis (the body's ability to stop bleeding from damaged blood vessels).Normal platelet count in a micro litre of human blood is 150000 to 450000. A slight decrease in the platelet count does not contribute to the disease but when it goes below 50,000 per micro litre, thrombocytopenia occurs. The low platelet count of a dengue patient can lead to life threatening conditions including hemorrhagic dengue fever , categorised by the tendency to bleed spontaneously and shock.The blood bank is also facilitating services to ESI, government hospital and to private hospitals who are in need of components, she added. The blood bank in Salem has also been holding more camps to meet increased need. In a recent camp about 800 units were collected which is adequate to meet demand, said a source at the blood bank in Salem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945143", "title": "MMRDA seeks new means for revenue creation", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as a fresh controversy over conditions related to development of leased plots owned by it has surfaced, the MMRDA is set to explore new means to generate revenue. Sources said a \"white paper\" on MMRDA projects will focus on the development of new sources of generating revenue.To fund big-ticket infrastructure projects in Mumbai and other areas in the state, the MMRDA has so far generated revenue by selling land parcels in the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) and Wadala.With an outflow of over Rs 70,000 crore expected towards infrastructure projects in the next decade, the white paper is expected to stress on the urgent need for alternate sources of revenue for the body.MMRDA sources said the current sources of revenue will not be adequate to meet long-term demands. The agency has already moved a proposal for levy of development fee on all property transactions in areas falling in the \"zone of influence\" of projects like the Metro corridors, monorail and Nhava-Sewri Trans-Harbour Link. Another option is developing private properties jointly with developers.Sources said the white paper was almost ready and would be presented to CM Prithviraj Chavan within a week. Like the irrigation white paper, this will also be a \"status paper\" on MMRDA's proposed projects and its financial health.Following a demand raised by home minister RR Patil, Chavan had on September 14 ordered a white paper on the MMRDA.The move was seen as an attempt by the CM to score over the NCP, which was under the lens over the irrigation white paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16954154", "title": "Gurbani extends lead at Usha Western India Ladies golf", "text": "MUMBAI: Gurbani Singh failed to land a single birdie but still increased her lead to three shots at the end of the second round of the Usha Western India Ladies golf at the BPGC on Thursday.Gurbani, who carded an even par 70 on first day, managed only a three-over 73, but Amandeep Drall, her closest rival after the first day, slipped down to 76 and the third place.In between Aditi Ashok, leader on the Order of Merit, stayed consistent by adding 72 to her first round 74 and moved to second place. Gurbani has a total of 143, Aditi is at 146 and Amandeep, winner of the Usha Eastern India Ladies golf, at 147.Gusimar Badwal (74-77) was fourth at 151, while Gauri Monga (76-76) was lying fifth, and Seher Atwal and Ridhima Dilawari shared the six spot.Gurbani, who had one bogey on fifth, was going fine till the 16th tee. Then on 16th and 17th, she dropped one shot each and ended at 73. Aditi had three birdies on second, fourth and seventh, but she also dropped three bogeys and one double bogey on ninth.Gurbani led the overall field and also Category A at 143, where Vrishali Sinha (80-75) at 155 was a distant second. Aditi was on top in Category B at 146 with Seher Atwal (75-78) at 153 in second place.In Category C, Sifat Sagoo (81-88) continued to lead but at 169 she was now only one shot ahead of Arushi Pandey (84-86), who narrowed the overnight gap by two shots.In Category D, Tanishka Kumar (79-79) was way ahead at 158 with Vasundhara Tihara (86-86) in second place at 172.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16946392", "title": "A new dawn", "text": "Their mission is to acknowledge the determination of specially-abled college and university going students who are academically bright and outstanding in their respective field.Expertos \u2014 a group of youngsters from Panjab University's University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) recently organized a function, Vihaan 2012, to honour and facilitate specially abled youngsters who despite their physical challenges, managed to realize their dreams. The event, which was held on October 19, at the English auditorium, PU, witnessed massive response from students from all disciplines.Signifying a new dawn, Vihaan, aptly fits in the theme of the award of function, which was organized for the second time on the campus by these students. \"We honoured 103 specially abled youth of the Tricity who excelled in field of education, sports, music or did an act of bravery,\" says Priya Ranjan, a member of the Expertos.Not having the advantage of hailing from any non-governmental group or affiliations, the spirit and enthusiasm of these students was evident as the event turned out to be a huge success - so much so that a multinational software company even offered them sponsorship.\"This event was aimed at encouraging and motivating special students and saluting their efforts. We ensured that the award function includes a 15-minute motivational session for achievers by a psychologist to motivate them further,\" says Kunal, another member of the team and a UIET student.Post-graduate Government College-11, DAV College-10, PGGCG-11, NITTTR and Panjab University departments had sent nominations of their students for the award function. \"We also invited 25 students from the Blind School in Sector 26 who are academically bright,\" says Rohit Kumar, a team member. Meanwhile, the students also honoured two sports persons, Sanjiv Kumar and Mukesh Kumar, who despite their disability proved be excellent badminton and table tennis players.\"\"We felt the need to do something for the society and this issue was close to my heart. These students sit right next to us in the class, but most of us are unaware of their problems or what challenges they go through every single day of their life,\" says Priya Ranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16946349", "title": "Now, a biryani war for foodies", "text": "MANGALORE: The '3 Hungry Men' of this coastal city is bringing to the table the Biryani War 2012 - lunchtime, November 4.This 'war' is for all biryani lovers, who can challenge each another to prove who the real foodie is. All participants are assured prizes at the event, which has separate contests for veggies and non-veggies.Nikhil Pai, one of The 3 Hungry Men, told TOI that more than 70 food lovers have already registered online to participate in the contest, which will go on from 11.30am to 3pm.\"There are separate events for those vegetarian biryani and chicken biryani. There is a qualifying round, where those who eat fast are selected for the final round. The winner and runner-up will be chosen for the final round, which will be tougher than the qualifying round where participants will be served biryani, kebab, roti, curry and water. Those who empty the plate fastest win,\" Nikhil said.The 3 Hungry Men will give winners attractive prizes, including food vouchers. Participants will not be able to register on the spot but will have to log on to , and pay Rs 99 as entry fee, Nikhil said.The 3 Hungry Men was set up by three very hungry men - Nikhil, Colin and Rajat - who review food, organize food events and reserve part of the proceeds for charity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945558", "title": "Ferguson favours Guardiola as eventual successor: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alex Ferguson is understood to now favour Pep Guardiola as his eventual successor at Manchester United , a website said on Wednesday.On Tuesday, the club's vice-chairman Ed Woodward said that the Old Trafford hierarchy knows \"what type of manager\" will succeed Ferguson, while it was reported in the Spanish press that Ferguson had met Guardiola in New York in the summer, ESPN said in a report on its website.According to the report, chief executive David Gill and a member of the owners Glazer family also met the former Barcelona manager, who left his role at the Camp Nou after four successful years at that time.While a United source said that the meeting was \"informal\", the future is understood to have been discussed, the report added.Fergie will be 71 on New Year's Eve and vice-chairman Ed Woodward, not revealing much, only confirmed that the club is preparing for the day when the legendary Scot finally hangs up his hairdryer.\"We have a view as to what type of manager we want and how and when we'll go about it. But it's in the drawer and long may it stay in the drawer,\" Woodward said. Ferguson had said earlier this year: \"I don't think another two or three years would harm me. Never discussed it - it is a dangerous game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16944867", "title": "Drunk driving claims six young lives in Vasai", "text": "MUMBAI: Six friends were killed and another critically injured early on Wednesday when the inebriated driver of the SUV they were travelling in lost control and sped into an oncoming container truck near Vasai.All seven victims were residents of Payegaon on Kaman-Bhiwandi Road. They had been drinking and revelling at a Navratri pandal in their village on Tuesday night before they decided to go for a spin. According to Sangramsinh Nishandar, additional superintendent of police, Thane Rural, the victims were speeding up and down Kaman-Bhiwandi Road and had covered about 10 km when the accident occurred around 2am nearly 31 km from Vasai.While Ashish Tangdi (19) was driving the open-top SUV, three victims were seated beside him and another three were standing in the back. The dead were identified as Ashish, his cousin Devendra Tangdi (19), Yadnesh Devalkar (18), Kashinath Patil (17), Vaibhav Raikar (27) and Kundan Raikar (24). The sole survivor, Tejas Ramesh (17), is battling for life.Tuesday night began for the seven friends at the village Navratri pandal. They were drinking and carousing when Ashish, who worked at a quarry site in Vasai, spotted his employer's driver (also a resident of the village) at the festivities. The driver had returned from work and was holding the SUV's keys. Ashish grabbed the keys and ran off. He then gathered his friends and offered to take them for a drive. The driver, being an acquaintance, did not bother to check where Ashish was.The friends, police said, got on to the two-lane Kaman-Bhiwandi at around 1.40am on Wednesday. After speeding for about 10 minutes, Ashish lost control of the car near Nanglegaon. The SUV hit the road divider, landed on the opposite side (towards Bhiwandi) and crashed into an oncoming container truck.Six of the friends died on the spot, some mutilated beyond recognition. The sole survivor, Ramesh, suffered serious head injuries. He is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Bhiwandi. The driver of the truck sustained minor injuries.According to police, the vehicle was travelling at over 120 kmph. No driving licence was found on the victims. Police have not ruled out the possibility that the friends took turns to drive the SUV. Witnesses told police the youngsters were passing lewd comments at drivers of passing vehicles.A case of death due to negligence under section 304 (A) of the Indian Penal Code was registered against Ashish at Valiv police station in Vasai (East). The driver from whom the keys were snatched may be booked for negligence. Ashish and Devendra worked as labourers in a local quarry; the rest were into fishing and farming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16953073", "title": "Sunil Gavaskar to receive BCCI's lifetime achievement award", "text": "MUMBAI: Former India captain Sunil Gavaskar will be conferred the Col CK Nayudu Lifetime Achievement award at the annual BCCI awards function.The BCCI's Col CK Nayudu Award Committee met on Thursday and decided to confer the honour on the legendary opener, a release from BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale said.The award comprises a trophy, citation and a cheque for Rs 25 lakh. Gavaskar will receive the honour at the BCCI Awards Ceremony, to be held shortly.Gavaskar represented India in 125 Tests from 1970-71 to 1986-87, scoring a record 774 runs in his debut series in the West Indies.He was the first batsman to score 10,000 runs in Tests, and the first to play 100 consecutive Tests. He was the first batsman to score hundreds in each innings of a Test thrice and was the first batsman to surpass Sir Don Bradman's tally of 29 Test centuries.He led India in 47 Tests and his greatest triumph as captain was India's victory in the World Championship of Cricket, a limited-overs tournament featuring all the then Test-playing nations, in 1984-85.Post retirement, he became a cricket expert. He was also the chairman of the BCCI's Technical Committee, and the chairman of the ICC's Cricket Committee.Meanwhile, the committee has also decided to honour seven individuals posthumously with Special Award for their outstanding contribution to Indian cricket.The yesteryear cricketers -- Vijay Merchant, Vinoo Mankad, Dattu Phadkar, Vijay Manjrekar, Ghulam Ahmed, ML Jaisimha and Dilip Sardesai -- will receive a trophy and cheque of Rs 15 lakh at the award ceremony.It has been learnt that the ceremony will take place in Mumbai on November 21, two days before the commencement of the second India-England Test at the Wankhede Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16948626", "title": "Infosys founder Narayana Murthy receives 2012 Hoover Medal", "text": "WASHINGTON: Infosys founder NR Narayana Murthy has been conferred with the prestigious 2012 Hoover Medal in recognition of his philanthropic activities in India.Former US Presidents Herbert Hoover, Dwight Eisenhower and James Earl Carter are among some of the prominent recipients of this annual award established in 1930 to recognize great, unselfish and non-technical services by the engineers to humanity.Murthy was awarded with the prestigious award on October 2 at the Global Humanitarian Technology Conference in Seattle.The 70th recipient of the award, Murthy was recognized for establishing a foundation that forges outstanding improvements in healthcare, social rehabilitation, rural uplift and education following his formation of Infosys, an innovative company that provides business consulting, technology, and engineering services in over 30 countries.In 2008 the former Indian President, A P J Abdul Kalam , had received this award.The Hoover Medal is administered by a board representing five engineering organizations: The American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the American Society of Civil Engineers, the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, the American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical and Petroleum Engineers and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16946088", "title": "Jagadish Shettar takes Kittur jinx head on", "text": "BELGAUM: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar inaugurated the Kittur Utsav on Tuesday evening putting an end to the superstition that a chief minister who visits Kittur would lose the post within a short period.Kittur and Chamarajanagar are two places which people in powerful posts hesitate to visit due to the superstition of losing their post soon after. Giving credence to the superstition is the fact that former chief ministers Veerendra Patil, S Bangarappa and Dharam Singh lost their posts after visiting Kittur.Speaking to mediapersons, Shettar said: \"Power is not eternal. The people of Kittur wanted me to inaugurate the Utsav. Though no chief minister has participated in the Utsav for the past 15 years due to the fear of losing power, I don't believe in such superstitions. It's my honour to inaugurate the event that celebrates the victory of Rani Chennamma, first woman freedom fighter of the country, against British.\"The last chief minister to inaugurate the Kittur Utsav was J H Patel in 1997, who also unveiled a statue of Rani Chennamma. After that, no chief minister has dared to visit Kittur Utsav.B S Yeddyurappa visited Kittur on the day of the Utsav during his tenure as chief minister, but did not inaugurate the event. He only garlanded Chennamma's statue near the bus stand and returned to Bangalore immediately. It is alleged that H D Kumarswamy too skipped the event for the same reason.However, putting an end to all rumours Jagadish Shettar inaugurated the Utsav this year. But there is now curiosity to see if the jinx of Kittur will be proven again, or if Shettar will complete his tenure as chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16946565", "title": "Spice trade to come under government scanner", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a cumin-adulteration racket was unearthed in Unjha, the state food and drugs control administration is now training its guns on spices and condiments. Before the raids begin, the department is collating data of food adulteration raids on spice dealers in the last few years. An exercise they say that would help zero in on potential troublemakers.\"Spices are at the most risk of adulteration. In the upcoming raids we will target 70% of spices available in the market. We are looking at both branded sales and those sold lose. The data we have from the past years show that out of 504 of samples collected, 54 were adulterated. The actual numbers could be higher. We want to get to the bottom of this adulteration business,\" says food and drugs commissioner H G KoshiaThe spices that will come under the scanner are chilly powder, pepper, turmeric powder, mustard seeds, asafoetida (hing), saffron, ginger powder and other spice mixtures available in the market. \"We will start the raids shortly. We have held a meeting of our regional staff already,\" says Koshia.Sources in the department say simple home remedies can be used to detect adulterated spices. \"In past raids we have seen papaya seeds in pepper, red dye in chilly powder and pepper with mineral oil coats. These are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to adulteration.Some homemade remedies are also being advertised by the department officials. Papaya seeds can be separated from pepper as they are shrunken, oval and greenish brown or brownish black in colour. Float the sample of black pepper in alcohol (rectified spirit). Mature black pepper berries will sink while papaya seeds and light black pepper float. Argemone seeds are mixed with mustard seeds as adulterants. \"When mustard seed is pressed it is yellow inside, while argemone seed is white. One should use a common magnifying lens for this test,\" says a senior food and drugs department official.\"For chilly powder, a teaspoon full of the powder in a glass of water can reveal the adulterant. If the water turns red it confirms the presence of artificial colour. Another test is the feel of grittiness on rubbing the sediment that deposits at the bottom of glass. This confirms the presence of brick powder/sand. If the sediment has a soapy feel and shows smooth white residue at the bottom, it indicates the presence of soap stone,\" adds the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945409", "title": "Kaushal, Revati top seeds for junior badminton meet", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Suburbs' Kaushal Dharmamer (U-19 and U-17) and Pune's Shruti Mundada (U-19) and Revatri Devasthale (U-17) have been accorded top seeding in their respective categories of the 2nd Maharashtra State junior badminton tournament, to be hosted by Teamwork Sports Management, at the Goregaon Sports Club from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945554", "title": "Goats Saifeena steal show on Eid", "text": "NEW DELHI: With three days left for Id-ul-Zuha, popularly known as Bakra-Id, the goat market at Jama Masjid was on Wednesday bustling with the devout looking for an animal for sacrifice.Of the two lakh odd goats available this year, four - Saif, Kareena, Dilawar Khan and Sher Khan - have grabbed everyone's attention. They are all males and weigh above 150 kg each. The Saifeena pair weighs close to 400 kg and costs Rs 3.5 lakh, said their owner, Mohammad Vishal, who has brought them here from Sambhal in UP.The Khan goats, however, have been bred in Jama Masjid. \"Our pet goat gave birth to them four years ago. Since then they have been a part of our family,\" said Mohammad Umair. His goats are available for Rs 3 lakh in a pair.These goats consume over a kilogram of jawar, around 3-4kg of fresh green leaves and grass and 3 litres of milk daily in order to become heavyweights. The owners of both pairs have so far got offers as high as Rs 2.5 lakh but they are willing to wait till Friday night for a better price.The goat market at Jama Masjid this year has more than a thousand sellers and some two lakh odd goats. It records a daily footfall of 12,000. Only an adult goat having two teeth is fit for sacrifice. Also goats with any kind of ailments or physical deformities cannot be sacrificed.On an average, a goat weighs between 15kg and 25kg and costs Rs 10,000-25, 000. \"The price of these goats increases with their weight and beauty,\" said Mohd Ismail, a goat seller. To add value to their wares, the sellers resort to various techniques to make their goats look beautiful and 'holy'. Some write words like \"Allah\" and \"Muhammad\" with henna on their goats while others paint the horns in bright colours or use colourful leashes and anklets.Goats from Rajasthan, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh, belonging to breeds like Mewati, Barbari, Desi, Punjabi, Totapuri, Sirohi and Himachali, are considered good and are available here. In Delhi, while Jama Masjid is the most popular goat hub, comparatively smaller markets have come up in Seelampur and Ghazipur.Eid-ul-Zuha is celebrated by Muslims across the globe in honour of Prophet Ibrahim, who was willing to sacrifice even his son, Ismail, to please Allah. Allah replaced Ismail with a sheep just as Ibrahim was about to slit his throat - hence the tradition of sacrificing an animal. The holy Haj is also performed during this time of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16947550", "title": "Pregnancy from rape is God's wish: US politician", "text": "WASHINGTON: US Senate candidate Richard Mourdock drew fire after saying that pregnancies caused by rape were \"something God intended to happen\" while defending his opposition to abortion. Democrats were quick to condemn the remarks, which could spark a major controversy in the final two weeks of a presidential campaign in which women voters are seen as crucial.Speaking at a Senate debate, Mourdock said he believed life begins at conception and opposed abortion in all cases except when the mother's life was in danger.\"I struggled with it myself for a long time, but I came to realize life is that gift from God, and I think even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen,\" he said.Indiana Democratic Party Chair Dan Parker quickly responded, issuing a statement saying that \"as a pro-life Catholic, I'm stunned and ashamed that Richard Mourdock believes God intended rape. Victims of rape are victims of an extremely violent act, and mine is not a violent God. Do we need any more proof that Richard Mourdock is an extremist who's out of touch with Hoosiers?\" he asked, referring to Indiana natives.Mourdock later said he stood by his controversial comments. He said he \"spoke from the heart \" during the debate and that his comments had been \"twisted\" by people. He apologized, however, for any misinterpretation of his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16952035", "title": "Infosys, TCS among world's 50 most innovative companies", "text": "NEW YORK: Five Indian companies -- Larsen &amp; Toubro, Hindustan Unilever, Infosys, TCS and Sun Pharma-- have made to a list of the world's 50 most innovative firms, with the engineering giant L&T; ranking among the top-ten.While the global list, released by US-based business magazine Forbes, is topped by IT firm Salesforce.com, Indian major L&T; is ranked 9th worldwide, followed by HUL (12th), Infosys (19th), Tata Consultancy Services (29th) and Sun Pharma (38th) among the Indian companies.In the overall list, Salesforce.com is followed by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Amazon.com, software firm Red Hat and China's Baidu, Intuitive Surgical, Japanese internet retail firm Rakuten , Edward Lifesciences, L&T; and ARM Holdings.American companies dominate the top-10 group with seven positions, while there are one each from China, Japan and India.However, some of the Indian firms, such as L&T;, HUL and Infosys, have been ranked higher than global giants like Starbucks (21st), Estee Lauder (23rd), Google (24th), Danone (25th), Apple (26th), P&G; (27th) and Diageo (33rd).Forbes said that the list has been compiled on the basis of \"innovation premium\" offered by the companies -- measured by how much investors have bid up the stock price above the value of its existing business based on expectations of future innovative results (new products, services and markets).Only those companies have been considered for the ranking that have a minimum market capitalisation of $ 10 billion, have spent at least 2.5 per cent of revenue on research and development and have seven years of public data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947379", "title": "Eight-year-old\u2019s death raises dengue fears", "text": "CHENNAI: An eight-year old girl from Andhra Pradesh died of dengue in a city hospital early on Wednesday, sparking further fears of an outbreak . Chennai Corporation, however, said there had been no confirmed case of dengue death in the city this year.Anjali of Kadapa district in Andhra Pradesh was admitted to the Institute of Child Health in Egmore on October 16, with high fever. Her vital organ were not functioning properly and was also suffering from dengue and Japanese Encephalitis, said a senior doctor. The doctor said, the child who was admitted in a sick condition was being treated in the ICU for the last one week.On Monday, Mubasara, 6, also of Kadapa district died of dengue at the ICH. \"She was admitted with fever and other medical problems on Sunday and died a day later,\" police said.Chennai Corporation immediately sought to downplay fears of dengue deaths and said there had been no known case of death this year. \"We have been monitoring the situation carefully. There have been no specific cases of dengue deaths,\" said a health department official. The city had recorded more than 95 cases of dengue in October and officials blamed it on the inefficient dengue control operations carried out in the surrounding districts.Many of the 95 cases, corporation officials said, were from fringe areas like Gummidipoondi , Vandalur, Chengalpet and Tambaram. \"Many who tested positive were people commuting to the fringe areas daily or had stayed there recently,\" said an official.Officials said the spread of aedes mosquitoes could have been controlled better in the fringe areas. \"A concentrated effort to control mosquito breeding and density would have made a big difference,\" said another officer. \"Last week, a seven-year old girl died in Kancheepuram district ,\" he said.However, evidence that the primary method of controlling dengue through fogging and mosquito coils is becoming ineffective points to a larger problem. Experts say the corporation could start promoting mosquito nets, the basic protection suggested by WHO during malarial epidemics .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946572", "title": "Habitat centre to be modelled on India International Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: The proposed habitat centre in the city will be constructed on the lines of India International Centre in New Delhi. The decision has been taken after chief minister Ashok Gehlot expressed apprehensions on having office buildings in the same complex.Initially, it was modelled on India Habitat Centre in New Delhi but after concerns were raised by the CM, it was decided to construct it on the lines of India International Centre which is more of a cultural centre without any offices.Recently JDA has identified 25,980 square metres of land near Akshay Patra behind JLN Marg for construction of the habitat centre. The estimated cost for constructing the complex will be Rs 70 crore, which will be developed in phases. \"The tenders will be invited in phases. In first phase, the construction of structure will be done, whereas furnishing work will be done in later phases,\" said an official.The tender for construction of phase- I will be soon invited and it will be received by November 20. \"The estimated cost of constructing the structure (phase - I) is approximately Rs 25 crore,\" said an official.\"The Ashok Gehlot government wants to lay the foundation stone of the project in its tenure itself and expect that at least one phase is completed before the elections,\" said a source.As per the design, the centre will have three to four auditoriums with a seating capacity of 100 to 500 people. It is also proposed that the Centre will have 25 single and 35 double-bedded rooms. Along with that, a lawn with a capacity to accommodate 2,000 people and conference hall are also proposed. An underground and surface parking for 1,000 cars has also been proposed.Earlier, the project was proposed on the land where the Shiksha Sankul building is located and then in the OTS (Officers' Training School) campus. \"After the state government proposed to develop the habitat centre at OTS on JLN Marg, the IAS officers opposed it strongly saying it will disturb the officers' training,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946756", "title": "Of`8 crore beautification budget, MC spends `2.73crore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The parks and green belts in Chandigarh are in a sad state of affairs. However, MC horticulture wing in the current financial year, spent just Rs 2.73 crore of the allotted Rs 8 crore on beautification of the city.A detailed financial assessment of the first five months has revealed that MC's crucial departments have spent just 20 to 25% of the total amount allocated. UT administration had sanctioned Rs 156 crore for the current financial year but MC spent just Rs 57.81 crore till August. This information comes at a time when the civic body is already facing criticism from municipal councillors for not carrying out developmental works in their respective areas. The financial statement has revealed that Rs 10 crore each were kept in primary health and primary education wings of MC but according to records, not one penny was spent by the primary health department and only Rs 1 crore was spent by the primary education wing.Similarly, the civic works department was allotted Rs 15 crore but spent just Rs 4 crore; Rs 4.74 crore were spent on storm water drainage of the total Rs 10 crore. Expenditure was found satisfactory only in the road wing which spent Rs 26 crore of the allotted Rs 30 crore. In the recently-held monthly house meetings, the municipal councillors had raised the issue of non-functional streetlights across the city and it came out in the electricity committee meeting that not even one light bulb was purchased in more than one-and-a half months, and the department had no equipment to initiate repairs.President of Sector-15 resident welfare association Surinder Sharma said: \"Only 20% streetlights function in our area and most parks are not well lit.\" Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh admitted that the amount allocated was not spent according to expectation in some wings but \"progress would be ensured in the future\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16946409", "title": "Dasara ends with idol immersion", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore Dasara procession, which started with idols coming out from Kudroli Sri Ksehtra Gokarnanatha, attracted thousands of devotees, who came from across the country on Wednesday. The colourful procession marked the conclusion of the ten-day festival.The procession after traversing through the city's thoroughfares ended at the Ksethra premises in the early hours of Thursday and idols were immersed in Kalyani' (temple pond).Devotees thronged the city streets to get a glimpse of idols of goddess Sri Sharada, Navadurge and Lord Ganesha.The procession started from Kudroli Sri Gokarnanatha Temple after puja and other religious rituals around 4.00pm. The procession passed through Mannagudda Road, Lady Hill, Lalbagh, Ballalbagh, PVS Circle, Navbharath Circle, KS Rao Road, Hampankatta, Ganapathi High School Road, Car Street, Alake.Devotees offered arathi, hannu kayi and other offerings to the deity of Sharada during the procession.Nearly 40 trucks showcasing various tableaux, tiger dance, chande, panchavadyam and other dance forms accompanied the Dasara procession.FelicitationFormer union minister B Janardhana Poojary, who is the main patron of Kudroli temple, felicitated state minister for endowment Kota Srinivas Poojary prior to the immersion procession.\"It was a coincidence that Srinivas has been elevated as minister. I publicly had made request that Srinivas should be given a ministerial berth. He is a person with unique quality of secular mentality. He believed in the theory that Hindu, Muslim, Christians and all others are children of God. His service is needed for the people of the state,\" Janardhan Poojary said.Temple authorities also felicitated mayor Gulzaar Banu, sculptor Rajashekhar Kulal, industrialist KP Nanjundi and others.Rathotsava Dasara festival concluded at Mahatobhara Sri Mangaladevi Temple in the city with rathotsava on Wednesday. The idol of goddess Mangaladevi was taken out for bali puje and later in the chariot for rathotsava. Rathotsava was held at Kollur Sri Mookambika temple too on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16946686", "title": "SAT hospital staff suspended for trying to sell baby", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The two attenders who were involved in the alleged attempt to sell a baby at the SAT Hospital have been suspended from their jobs. The decision was taken by the hospital superintendent here on Wednesday.Vineetha and Ravindran were suspended after a preliminary inquiry conducted by the hospital authorities, said Dr K E Elizabeth, superintendent of SAT Hospital.A 26-year-old woman who had delivered a child on October 18, is learnt to have requested the two staff of the hospital to help her in selling the kid claiming she did not have a place to go. However, the woman complained to the hospital superintendent after she had altercation with the attenders over money.The woman in her complaint had written that Vineetha and Ravindran promised to sell the child for Rs 20,000. But now she does not want to sell the child and that the government should take care of the child.\"The woman made a lot of contradictory statements that made us suspicious. She first said she was unmarried and now claims she is married. She was brought here from the Thycaud hospital and delivered a baby through caesarean,\" said Elizabeth.The hospital authorities are now in a flux regarding her discharge from the hospital. \"As per the hospital rules a woman can be discharged from the hospital only after two bystanders with the patient give the consent to the hospital,\" said Dr Elizabeth.The police have not registered a case till now since no complaint has been registered.This is not the first time that such an attempt to sell the baby has been reported from the hospital. \"The issue has brought to light the fact that there are people in the hospital who are supporting such illegal activities,'' said Pramod Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16953455", "title": "Royal medallion missing for 100 years bought back", "text": "MYSORE: After it mysteriously went missing for more than a hundred years, the surpache (head medallion with feathers) occupied its place of pride on the turban worn by Srikanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar, the scion of Mysore royal family, as he performed the rituals on Vijayadashmi.The surpache belonged to Raja Wadiyar, the king who began the Dasara celebrations 400 years ago after the decline of the Vijayanagara Kingdom. It went missing from the palace in the early 20th century probably between 1900 and 1910 when Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar was the Maharaja of Mysore.Beginning from Raja Wadiyar, every king wore the Mysore peta with the surpache stuck on it on all occasions, especially during Dasara festival when the kings led the procession. But after it went missing, for many years the celebrations went on without this diamond-studded surpache.However, a source told TOI that Sri Kanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar accidentally found it again after 100 years during his visit to an auction house in London . \"Srikanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar bought back the surpache by during the auction by paying a huge sum as he realized that it was a rare antique owned by his family and crafted by a local artist,\" the source said. It is said that the Wadiyar may have paid not less than Rs 8 crore for the medallion.The source recalled that Wadiyar had bought back a similar jewel made of emerald which was with a royal family in Tamil Nadu, adding that the he was keen on bringing back artifacts belonging to his ancestors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949117", "title": "Dhanush stalls 'Raanjhnaa' shoot", "text": "Dhanush, whose composition Kolaveri di became a worldwide sensation, is busy making his Bollywood debut opposite Sonam Kapoor in Raanjhnaa directed by Anand Rai.However, the actor has injured his shoulder during the filming of an action sequence of a Telugu film that he shot just before Raanjhnaa. He has been strictly prohibited from any strenuous activity.The injury has led to an entire song-and-dance sequence featuring Dhanush to be postponed. Said a source, \"Shooting outdoors in Varanasi has never been easy for directors. It is a volatile location as the crowd tends to get excited watching stars shoot. Director Anand Rai was hoping to finish shooting as planned. But then Dhanush's shoulder injury has prevented the actor from participating in the dance sequence. Anand will return to Varanasi after the actor recovers.\"Confirming the news, the director said, \"I will have to return to Varanasi to shoot the song. Let me make it clear that Dhanush did not get injured while shooting for my film. It happened during another film. For now, Dhanush has been asked to keep away from stunts and dances, so we'll return to Varanasi to shoot the song in December.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945404", "title": "Police complaint in Rs 34 crore realty row", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 120 flat purchasers have filed a complaint with the Kalachowkie police and the Economic Offences Wing against several developers for allegedly luring them into collectively investing Rs 34 crore in flats in 2003, which almost a decade later they are yet to receive.The complaint, a copy of which was also sent to the home minister, chief minister and police commissioner, has named BJP leader Mangal Prabhat Lodha and 13 other developers for an alleged \"criminal conspiracy from 2003 to 2012 to defeat their rights over the flats which were to be constructed in Lower Parel\". The complainants are seeking a probe into a second allotment letter issued to them in 2010 by developer Haresh Mehta of Esque Finmark, which entitles them to flats on a plot declared a slum, while rights to the prime encumbrance-free Kalachowkie plot on which their original building was to come up has been handed over through a development agreement to Krona Realties Pvt Ltd, a Lodha group company.The buyers also alleged that a probe would reveal that shareholding of various development firms will reveal \"common names\".The allotment letters issued first in 2003 for the flats in multi-storey buildings by Esque Finmark Pvt Ltd and Om Shanti Enterprises were silent on the fact that the plot was already sub-divided by the BMC, with parts declared as slums, the complaint said. In 2010, developer Haresh Mehta joined Paras Porwal on the board of directors of Esque Finmark. Two months later, a new company, Krona Realities, was incorporated. Earlier this month, after the buyers issued a public notice to \"caution the public at large\", Krona through its authorized signatory Abhishek Lodha filed a suit in Bombay high court against Esque and the buyers. It sought and got an interim order against such further public notices. The HC, after hearing counsels Janak Dwarkadas for Krona, Ravi Kadam for Esque and Bhavesh Parmar also directed the \"flat allottees not to give any media interviews\".Krona said the property which they had rights for vested exclusively with it and sought to prohibit the allottees from claiming any rights to the plot, for which they already had civic approval for construction. Abhishek Lodha also sought damages from the 119-odd allottees. His affidavit in court said in mid-2010, Esque had approached Krona to develop a part of the larger property.When the allottees objected, Krona said it had asked Esque to remove or settle any claims of the buyers in the plot it was to develop. Esque said it negotiated with the allottees and issued fresh allotment letters. The development agreement then entered with Krona also mentioned that Esque would fulfill its commitment to the original buyers only from a separate plot, said Lodha. Efforts to reach Mehta and Abhishek Lodha failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945229", "title": "Stop mining slowly, not abruptly: Nilesh Cabral", "text": "PANAJI: Stop mining if you wish and have bigger buffer zones, but do it in phases over a longer period of time, not abruptly, Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral said on Wednesday.Cabral was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a press conference when he was asked about the mining scenario in Goa. Cabral said that he had nothing against environmentalists, and if they wanted mining stopped, that was fine. But he pointed out that people in his area have invested large sums of money over a long period of time and their livelihood depends on mining. He said that if mining has to be stopped, it should be done gradually and not abruptly, because it might lead to people committing suicides.Cabral said that the earlier government's patronizing attitude towards mining had led people to invest large sums of money on trucks, machinery and other things related to mining. If mining was stopped summarily, it would be disastrous to these people and their livelihood.Cabral also agreed with bigger buffer zones between mining leases and wildlife sanctuaries. But the buffer zones should also be increased over a period of time. For the first 3 years, keep the buffer zone to one kilometre, after that make it two kilometers and increase it progressively over the years, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950932", "title": "Folk singer Rakesh Pathak passed away", "text": "Known for his devotional and Bhojpuri songs, Rakesh Pathak breathed his last in a private hospital on Tuesday. 40 year old Rakesh was battling jaundice and malaria. The entire Bhojpuri industry is in shock with the news.Not only in Bihar and UP, but he was a well known personality in Mauritus too. He has sung and acted in hundreds of albums till date. Devotional song 'Chunariya Odh Ke' was his biggest hit.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16954479", "title": "Legacy not hurt because of not-so-good comeback: Schumi", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Champions have egos and if you are seven time Formula One Champion Michael Schumacher , you would ideally not want hurt his ego by asking something which doesn't exactly amuse him.The most celebrated driver in F-1 history with 91-race victories hasn't won anything after his comeback three seasons ago but probe him about a dent in the legacy that he has created, the answer was an emphatic \"NO.\"You could immediately sense that Schumacher exactly didn't like the question.\"There will be lot of opinions. But it remains. It has not changed. I am still capable of fighting but as a team we have not managed. We win together, we lose together. But it (legacy) is not harmed personally,\" Schumacher, who has decided to retire after this season, said.He won his first title in 1994 and 1995 and then revived Ferrari with his five consecutive titles from year 2000.He joined Mercedes in 2010 and has managed just one podium finish. A third place at European Grand Prix this season has been his best result in the comeback.The German said the tough three years taught him a lot. \"Things have not gone according to the expectations. It's been tough three years. We have failed as a team, criticised and that's reasonable and acceptable. I have grown and matured and that's what happens.\"He also said that he does not have much to regret in his career.\"Yes, in the hindsight probably, you have (regrets) but most of the time I have made the right decision.\"The German, who enjoys a huge fan-following in India, said he was overwhelmed by the passionate support he got from the country.\"What I take from India is the emotional fan following. It's been surprisingly high. There are some specific groups (in the world) but here they are too many. It's beautiful to see I am loved so much. So many people share the passion for sport I love,\" he said.Schumacher has himself said that his car is not up to the expectations level. Asked if he would be disappointed if he fails to go on a high, the 42-year-old seemed a bit realistic.\"I know what's possible. If I get the maximum out of it, I am okay. Podiums and victories are different stories. There's no point dreaming and you will be disappointed in the end for no reason.\"Lewis Hamilton will replace him in the Mercedes team in the next season and German said the team has made the right decision in picking him.\"We know Lewis is one of the top drivers in the field. It was a wise and good decision to negotiate and find an agreement with him. It's like a family and I wish them best.\"Asked what role he has played in the development of the Mercedes car for the next season, Schumacher said,\"The development of car started in May. My involvement has been there. It was not in 2010.\"Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel is in line to win his third straight title. Asked if if he thinks his young countrymate can go on to surpass his record of seven titles, he said, he would be happy if Vettel does that.\"Records are meant to be broken. If Vettel gets it, I would be very happy for him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16947087", "title": "Wearable camera to record every minute of your life", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have developed a tiny camera that can be clipped to clothes or worn on a necklace, and takes a picture every 30 seconds, allowing users to record their daily lives.The camera, called Memoto, is billed as \"the world's smallest wearable camera\" has become the latest technological hit on Kickstarter , the \"crowd funding\" website.As well as a five megapixel digital camera, the device will feature a GPS chip to keep track of owners' locations and automatically log and organize pictures via a specially-created iPhone and Android app, The Telegraph reported. Memoto makers claims the battery will last two days. \"Many fantastic and special moments become blurred together after a while and it feels like life just rushes by, too fast for us to grasp,\" said the Swedish start-up behind the project.Memoto makers describe the project as \"lifelogging\" technology and plans to ship its first finished cameras in February next year.\"The camera and the app work together to give you pictures of every single moment of your life, complete with information on when you took it and where you were,\" they said. \"The way this works is that the photos are organized into groups of \"moments\" on a timeline,\" they added .\"On the timeline, you are presented with keyframes (about 30 per day) each representing one moment. You can tap a moment to relive it in a stop-motion like video of all the pictures in that moment,\" Memoto makers claimed. \"This enables you to not only browse your life the way you remember it, but to search for specific events of your life: who was it that you met at that party or what did the sunset look like in Lapland in June?\" they added. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949962", "title": "Sachiin Joshi almost breaks his head", "text": "Sachiin Joshi almost broke his head while shooting for a song for his forthcoming venture Mumbai Mirror.Apparently, Sachiin refused to use a body double to break a dahi handi with his head in a fit of frenzy. A unit source said, \"It was an energetic song. There were 250 dahi handi professionals on the sets along with a 200 dancers and a strong crowd of 500 people.\"Sachiin got so carried away by the scene that he actually banged his head on the handi real hard. It did not break but instead Sachiin's forehead began bleeding,\" said a source.Confirming the incident, publicist Dale Bhagwagar said, \" Yes , Sachiin did get injured a bit. But even after the accident, he was sporting enough to carry on with the shoot, of course after a bit of first aid and medication.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16946828", "title": "Green army out to save environment", "text": "BHOPAL: With an objective of creating awareness about preserving the environment among engineering students, students of University Institute of Technology, Rajiv Gandhi Technical University (RGTU) have formed the club 'Green Army'. The team of Green Army will take part in IIT-Bombay's Techfest Green Campus Challenge (TGCC), which is an initiative to make every campus green throughout the country.\"People have spoiled the environment. It is necessary for us to rise and be a catalyst- may it be by growing more trees, spreading awareness for the impact of damaging environment,\" founding member of the green army Tayyab Zafar said. The club was formed two months ago, he added.There are around 21 students in the team of Green Army involved in different types of activities for preserving the environment. Talking about the activities of the club, Tayyab said, \"We organise events including poster making and slogan making competitions and quiz among others revolving around the theme of environment.\"\"The Green Scene\" on college campus and a cycle rally in Van Vihar were other events organized by the group,\" he added\"Even after we leave the college, other students will take the responsibility to keep spreading the message of saving the environment,\" said Salvi Tyagi, third year, electrical and communication student of UIT.\"The future lies in our hands and hence the onus is on us, as only when the last tree is cut down and the last river is polluted, man will realize that he cannot eat money,\" Salvi added.Initiatives like installation of bio-diesel plant and wind-mills installed on the campus of our institute proves that serious work on saving environment is on, she said.The Green Army has planned several other activities, including debates and lectures on nuclear power and energy scenario in India which is lined up in the list of events to be organised later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945363", "title": "Soon a common ticket, uniform rate for Panaji cruise", "text": "PANAJI: All cruise boat operators at Panaji's Santa Monica jetty, including Goa Tourism Development Corporation (GTDC), have come together and will now operate their boats on a common ticket sold at a uniform price at a common booth from November 1. The move is expected to reduce congestion at the jetty, enhance tourists' experience and curb the operation of touts.This was announced by GTDC chairman Nilesh Cabral who was accompanied by representatives of the four other private cruise boat companies, including Anil Madgavkar.\"We have come together in the interest of Goa,\" Cabral said, adding that henceforth there will be no more competition but only cooperation among cruise boat operators, and no undercutting and no jacking up of commissions to touts and agents. All five operators have two boats each and these boats will work on rotation starting with the GTDC boat.Starting at 5.30pm, the first boat will leave the jetty once it is full, then tourists will board the second boat which may leave 15 minutes later and so on. Tickets will be common for all boats and sold from multiple counters of a single booth.The ticket price will be raised from 150 to 200 and profits will be shared in proportion to the boats' capacity.With construction work of the new jetty and a parking lot now underway, smooth operations at the cruise jetty may be affected a bit. Till the time of the construction project, cruises will operate from either side of the river. Cabral said the new jetty project and parking lot are expected to be completed in about 10 months.Madgavkar reiterated that the new system will reduce crowding at the jetty. He also said the jetty will have common lighting and even the entertainment on the cruise boats will have a common element as the same people will train the entertainers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16948750", "title": "Durga Puja 2012: NDRF celebrates the festival with zest", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city-based unit of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) organised Durga Puja at its Patgaon Campus with the theme of 'Paharo Vali Maa' or Goddess of Hills.\"The genesis of theme has come out of the recent floods in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh. We pray to the Omnipresent and Omnipotent Maa Durga to bless us to fight disasters and save precious human lives,\" Commandant of 1st NDRF Alok Kumar Singh said.Various types of cultural activities were organised during the Puja which began on October 21 and ended on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16947016", "title": "Before sacrifice, livestock get all the love, food", "text": "LUDHIANA: Muslims around the world celebrate Eid-ul-Zuha by slaughtering livestock to commemorate Prophet Abraham's willingness to sacrifice his son Ismail on God's command. And ahead of the holy festival, members of Muslim community are taking the best care of the livestock (to be sacrificed) and feeding them with grass, black gram and other food items including fruits. While all families are making efforts to feed and serve the livestock in best possible manner, even children are busy feeding and playing with them.Muhammad Nadeem, a student of Class VII and resident of Brown Road, said, \"We take the best possible care of livestock for sacrifice as serving them with best food earns us blessings from Allah. After we bought the livestock form the market, our family has been feeding it with green grass, sprouted black gram and fruits including pear, guava.We are also serving them vegetables including radish, carrot and tomatoes.\" Five-year-old Aisha, a resident of Field Ganj, said, \"We bought a goat yesterday and we have been looking after it to the best of our abilities. We also plan to give it a bath and apply henna.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16946107", "title": "JD(S) membership drive begins", "text": "DHARWAD: In a bid to reap advantage of a possible split in the BJP with former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa threatening to launch a new party, the local unit of Janata Dal(S) has commenced its membership drive. BJP's Chandrakant Bellad is representing the constituency in the Assembly now and those eying the seat are hoping that Bellad being a Yeddyurappa confidante would follow the leader if the latter quits BJP.The drive by JD-S which began in Hubli-Dharwad West Constituency will go on for five days and the JD(S) aims at enrolling 20,000 new members in the constituency covering parts of Hubli and Dharwad. President of Hubli-Dharwad unit of JD(S) Rajanna Korvi told reporters here on Wednesday that for the first time, the JD(S) will provide identity cards to the new members. Workers from other parties can also enroll to JD(S), he said but hastened to add that the doors of the party are shut for those who have ditched JD(S) and have joined other parties.\"People of north Karnataka have shown interest towards the party, hence the JD(S) will hold several programmes highlighting the failure of the Congress at the Centre and BJP in the state. Moreover, former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy, MLC Basavaraj Horatti, and other leaders will tour north Karnataka to rejuvenate the party cadres\" Rajanna said.JD(S) leader NH Konreddy stated that the party will hold a state-level convention of the physically-challenged in Bangalore on October 28. Over one lakh physically challenged are expected to participate. JD(S) will reserve 2% seats in the coming Assembly elections for the physically disabled, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16946791", "title": "Bhopal spent a lot this puja season", "text": "BHOPAL: Trade flourished in the state capital during the navratra and on the day of Dusshera with analysts claiming that transactions of around 80 crore were made on Wednesday.On Vijaya Dashami, markets were flooded with people buying automobiles, apparel, property, electronic items, computers, mobile phones, gold and furniture among others. People thronged the New Market, show rooms in MP Nagar Bittan Market etc.The maximum sale was in the property segment while the automobiles sector saw a dip in business, trade analysts claim. Showroom dealers said that sale of automobiles was only half compared to last year.One dealer says, \"The escalating cost of petrol seems to have detracted customers from buying four wheelers. We are keeping fingers crossed though for the upcoming Dhanteras and Diwali festivals.\"Still, around 500 two-wheelers and 250 four wheelers of different brands were sold.Jewellery was also a big draw for the customers who bought light weight gold and silver jewellery on the occasion. New Market Sarafa Association president Sushil Dhanwani said, \"Transactions of around five crores took place in the jewellery segment during the festival.\"Electronics and apparel sectors were also in demand with customers buying them in great numbers. Both in branded clothes and electronics, heavy discounts were being given to lure customers.Shyam Bansal of Mangalam Electronic said, \"Trade of around five crores occurred in the segment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16946001", "title": "Virbhadra first threatens media, then apologizes", "text": "SHIMLA: Beleaguered former chief minister of Himachal Pradesh Virbhadra Singh lost his cool at a press meet and threatened to smash the cameras of journalists who were milling around for responses on the slew of corruption and money laundering charges levelled against him by the BJP .\"Don't you have any work? I will break your cameras,\" Singh shouted at journalists who had trailed him to Anni in Kullu district on Tuesday.On Wednesday, after an uproar over his threat, the veteran Congress leader apologized in Shimla. \"Perhaps there would be no other politician, who is more tolerant and well-mannered. I know the media's job and I always attend to their queries. If anybody's sentiments are hurt then I regret it,\" he said.In New Delhi, Congress spokesperson Sandeep Dikshit apologized on behalf of the party. \"If anyone is hurt, we apologize,\" he said. \"We do not know the context behind the incident. Sometimes, in the midst of an election campaign, one gets angry and upset.'' He described Singh as a senior leader and said \"such things happen under mental or physical pressure''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16947157", "title": "Rahul Gandhi may get a berth after Cabinet reshuffle on Sunday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is expected to shuffle his Cabinet on Sunday in an exercise that may carry Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's stamp and mark an end to the long wait among ministerial aspirants in party ranks.The run-up to the much-awaited changes has seen Rahul giving up his stance of aloofness to hold consultations with the Prime Minister. The key question, however, is if the leadership will induct and promote youngsters and if it will repatriate some ministers to the party.The scale of the changes will be significant in view of the organizational revamp that is likely to follow and because of the growing assessment that given the fragility of the cushion provided by SP and BSP, Congress has to buckle up for any eventuality.According to sources, key young MPs aligned with Rahul could be inducted as junior ministers, while some young faces may be in for elevation. Any futuristic projection of GenNext would aim to retrieve the political narrative slipping out of the UPA's hands in the wake of serious charges of corruption and malperformance.Jyotiraditya Scindia, who is minister of state (MoS), may be promoted to Cabinet rank or given independent charge, while MPs Meenakshi Natarajan and Pradeep Manjhi may join as MoS. Rajya Sabha MP from Jharkhand Pradeep Balmuchu may also get a key portfolio.As part of the Bengal quota, following the exit of Pranab Mukherjee , a junior berth would go to either the brother of late A B A Ghani Khan Choudhury or his grand-daughter Mausam Noor.The number of vacancies in the council of ministers is at an all-time high after the exit of the Trinamool Congress, which had six MoS and one Cabinet berth, and the DMK's continued reluctance to reclaim its two Cabinet posts.The resignation of Virbhadra Singh and the death of Vilasrao Deshmukh have created two Cabinet berths from the Congress quota while the shadow of scams may trigger the exit of a minister. The party also has plans to reduce the burden of ministers holding dual charge.A leg-up for youngsters may be accompanied by redirecting some ministers to the organization. Sources said social justice minister Mukul Wasnik, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad are being thought of as ideal managers to rev up key state units and the central campaign. Partymen say the projection of young leaders would complement the organizational elevation of Rahul, a combo that would help Congress to design its poll campaign around the generational makeover.The handing of party responsibilities to ministers would impress upon the cadre that the leadership is serious about setting the house in order, hoping it would add urgency to their agenda.\"If there are going to be elections next year or even on schedule, you need some full-time managers to iron out problems in the state units,\" a key party leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953557", "title": "Dimple Jhangiani back on Amrit Manthan", "text": "Director Kut's Amrit Manthan on Life OK has managed to keep the audiences glued to their TV screens by throwing in some interesting twists and turns.And yet again the creative team has something exciting in store for the viewers. Dimple Jhangiani who earlier played the role of Nimrit on the show will soon be back with a new identity of Shivangi Singh and her entry is expected to spice up the plot.Sources inform that Dimple will enter the show as Shivangi Singh and the makers of the show will play around the suspense of her real identity. She will be seen on the show from tonight and there will be a series of interesting events from here on. Her real identity will soon be revealed and this might bring some troubled moments for Amrit ( Adaa Khan). Natasha aka Nimrit ( Ankita Sharma) will play her card to keep Amrit away from Agam ( Navin Bhangu). She will introduce Shivangi as Nimrit to the family and this will take the on-going drama to the next level.When contacted, Dimple said, \"Yes, I am back on the show in a full-fledge role and I am really excited about it. I will play Shivangi Singh on the show but my role will have a mystery to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16945343", "title": "Illegal parking back to haunt commuters in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Despite the Noida Authority having started a crusade against unauthorized parking across the city nearly four months ago, the situation on the ground remains grim.The Authority had in June this year launched an intensive campaign against unauthorized parking in one of the most congested areas of Noida \u2014 Sector 16. It had sent out notices asking some leading companies to stop using pavements to park vehicles or face lease deed cancellations. But instead of taking off, the drive remained confined to Sector 16 for nearly two weeks after which it fizzled out.Four months down the line the situation has gone back to square one, complain residents and traders in the commercial areas of the city. Even as senior officials of the Authority refuse to comment on the \"status\" of the drive, the parking mafia is slowly taking over land in the city.The result is that thousands of commuters have to bear with traffic congestion daily on the city's main roads. Illegally parked vehicles can be seen almost everywhere. Be it Atta market, sector 18, Great India Place Mall or any other main road, illegal parking has become a regular feature. Other affected areas include Model Town crossing, NIB and Chhijarsi T-points on NH-24, Delhi-Noida road, Rajnigandha Chowk, Gol Chakkar, Mamura Chowk, Labour Chowk, sectors 62, 121 and service road along NH-24. Udyog marg, which is the lifeline of Noida, is a nightmare for commuters especially during peak hours. \"There are vehicles parked haphazardly all along this road. This leads to numerous traffic jams which last for several hours,\" complained Riya Ranjan, who commutes daily on the stretch.According to officials, there are 42 authorized parking lots in the city. Sources inform that about 30 illegal parking lots exist in Noida. Even as the city seems to be in the grip of a gridlock because of unauthorized parking of vehicles, several plans of multi-level parking lots continue to remain on paper. A six-storey parking lot with a capacity to accommodate 4,000 vehicles in sector 18, a multi-level parking lot at Botanical Garden Metro station and a plan to widen the parking space at Noida City Centre Metro station, all these projects remain \"planned\".The authority officials, however, say the problems will soon be sorted out. \"Running desperately short of parking space, we have floated a new policy which focuses on traffic management,\" said Harshvardhan Bhadoria, Parking-in-charge, Noida Authority. \"The policy aims at discouraging usage of private vehicles and encourage use of public transport and car pools,\" Bhadoria added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945273", "title": "Panel to decide slum rehabilitation on civic plots", "text": "MUMBAI: After coming across cases where slum rehabilitation schemes (SRS) on municipal plots have been given arbitrary clearances, the BMC has decided to form a scrutiny committee to decide on such schemes.The technical committee will be chaired by the additional municipal commissioner in-charge of estates and nine other senior officials, including staff of the ward where the rehabilitation scheme is proposed.Of the total slums in the city, 20% are on BMC plots and most are opting for rehabilitation.Earlier, the ward officer staff used to scrutinize the proposals and then forward it to the assistant commissioner (estates). But with this system, the benefits that were to be gained by the BMC as the land owner were not being gained. Under the new system, when a proposal comes to the BMC for an NOC, a report will be made on the project feasibility, whether it is a good option or the BMC should develop the plot on its own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946735", "title": "Traffic alerts service begins", "text": "PUNE: The Pune traffic police on Wednesday launched its SMS alert service, giving real time traffic information regarding diversions, processions, traffic blocks and accidents. The SMS service, which is free of cost, was launched for a second time after a gap of two years. The service had to be stopped earlier due to technical reasons. To subscribe to the service, one has to send SMS: JOIN PTP to 09219592195. To unsubscribe, type LEAVE PTP and send to the same number. Those who have opted for the 'do not disturb' service can also get the updates. On the first day, the traffic police issued awareness alerts pertaining to 'use of helmets' and 'safe driving'. tnnThe traffic police, in the meantime, felicitated ambulance operators and others who provided ambulance services during the Ganesh festival, mainly during the immersion processions when several roads were blocked.Social organizations like Rotary Club, Universal Health Foundation and Columbus Ambulance participated in the ambulance service which was started two years back with the help of the traffic police. Traffic officials pointed out how the organizations had helped in shifting victims to hospitals after an illegal building collapsed in Taljai recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946518", "title": "Woman hangs self in Bajaj Nagar", "text": "JAIPUR: A 24-year-old married woman committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan at her hotel-cum-residence in Bajaj Nagar locality on Wednesday.The deceased is the daughter-in-law of Dashrath Saini, elder brother of former Olympian Gopal Saini, police said. They are awaiting the arrival of her parents before proceeding further in the case.According to Bajaj Nagar police, the woman, Keerti Saini (24) was staying with her husband Pushpendra Saini (29) at Hotel Olympia which is a house-cum-residence of the Saini family.At 10.15 am on Wednesday, when Pushpendra returned after buying some vegetables, he was shocked to see his wife hanging from a ceiling fan in the drawing room. He immediately informed the police.\"The body was sent for post mortem at SMS mortuary. Though it is a clear case of suicide, it is yet to be ascertained under what circumstances she committed suicide,\" said Suresh Kumar , circle inspector, Bajaj Nagar police station.In such cases, an investigation by a sub-divisional magistrate is held.The woman got married to Pushpendra almost an year ago and there were no signs of any family feud so far, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949901", "title": "Naomi Campbell planning lavish Indian b'day party for billionaire boyfriend", "text": "Naomi Campbell is throwing a lavish Indian birthday party in Jaipur, Rajasthan, for her billionaire boyfriend Vladimir Doronin, who will turn 50 next month.The four-day celebration, to be held at various locations including a historic palace, will start on November 4, and Campbell has invited friends from around the world, including many from London, Moscow and New York, the New York Post reported.\"Naomi is flying a lot of people out to India and paying for everything,\" a source said.The supermodel has sent out e-mail invitations bearing a picture of Doronin underwater James Bond-style with a Seabob, a hand-held propulsion device.Campbell is believed to have booked a luxury five-star resort for the celebrations and is being helped to organize the festivities by Paris-based travel expert Omar Cherif, who owns OC Travel.\"No expense has been spared. Naomi's team is even helping their friends secure visas. It will be the party of the century,\" another source said.The pair have been dating since 2008, and in 2010 he threw her a lavish 40th birthday party on the French Riviera, flying in the Black Eyed Peas and Grace Jones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953272", "title": "Prime Minister condoles Jaspal Bhatti's death", "text": "Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday condoled the \"untimely\" death of satirist Jaspal Bhatti saying his work using cinema and television to hold up a mirror to the society will be long remembered.Bhatti endeared himself to generations with his unique perspective on probity in public life, Singh said in a condolence message to the family of the satirist who died in a road accident in Punjab this morning.\"Not only did he contribute in his own way to reform society, he did it with a light and humorous touch, which endeared him to generations of viewers and audiences,\" the Prime Minister said.Bhatti's work using the medium of television and cinema to hold up a mirror to society and highlighting the problems of the common man will long be remembered, Singh said.\"In his unfortunate passing away the country has lost a person who pioneered a unique perspective on probity in public life,\" he said.Parliamentary Affairs Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said destiny has suddenly snatched away from us a pious soul who brought a smile on every face.\"His hard-hitting yet light-hearted satire touched the public conscience and left a deep impact on everyone. The cartoonist, actor and filmmaker in him struck a chord with and won the hearts of millions of people,\" Bansal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16948849", "title": "Dabangg 2: Salman seeks Prabhu\u2019s feedback", "text": "While on the sets of Dabangg 2, the actor was heard discussing action sequences with the filmmakerTheirs is a team that revived the trend of remaking south-based films. Not to mention gave birth to the idea of making nothing less than Rs 100 crore at the box office.Indeed, when they last joined hands, Salman Khan and choreographer-turned-filmmaker Prabhu Dheva gave the audience a blockbuster in Wanted (2009).And while the two of them haven't worked together ever since, they do share some great camaraderie. This was evident on Tuesday evening when Prabhu was seen chatting for a long time with Salman, who was busy shooting the Dabangg 2 song Pandeyji Seeti Maare with Malaika Arora Khan and Sonakshi Sinha . Salman was overheard discussing the action sequences of the sequel with Prabhu, and the two seemed to be having a lot of fun.\"Prabhu and Salman were having fun catching up on films. Salman was discussing Dabangg 2 's action sequences with Prabhu and wholeheartedly taking his inputs. They are both very enthusiastic about the action genre. Possibly that's the reason they were so animated while talking about stunts. And perhaps this common interest made Wanted such as hit. The film's action scenes were also lauded.\"Meanwhile, we've found that Kareena Kapoor's item song in Dabangg 2 is titled Fevicol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946034", "title": "Wet demons meet end in a fiery spectacle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rain god's strategic error on Dussehra eve could not save Ravana, Meghnada and Kumbhkarna from a fiery death on Wednesday evening. Dried by a bright sun and steady breeze, and mined with tinder and thousands of extra crackers, the effigies went up in smoke to the complete satisfaction of Ramlila audiences across the city.Crowds thronged popular Ramlila venues, such as those managed by the Shri Dharmik Lila, Lav-Kush and Shri Nav Dharmik Lila committees in Old Delhi, and the Shri Ramlila Committee in Punjabi Bagh, to catch the dramatic re-enactment of Lord Rama's triumph over evil. As the towering effigies of demons caught fire, fireworks lit up the sky.President Pranab Mukherjee , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi were among the leaders who witnessed the burning of Ravana at Parade Ground near the Red Fort. Vice-President Hamid Ansari , Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit , lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna and Union minister for human resources development Kapil Sibal were also present at the function.The leaders watched fireworks and the burning of effigies of Meghnad and Kumbhkarna \u2014 son and brother, respectively, of Ravana \u2014 before the demon king's effigy was set alight.The President addressed the gathering: \"This auspicious season is a time when the people of India re-enact our great epic, Ramayana, and celebrate the triumph of truth and righteousness over evil forces... May this festival stimulate in all of us the determination to emulate the righteousness of the 'Maryada Purush' (Rama), the loyalty of his brothers Bharata and Lakshmana, the virtues of Sita (his wife) and the valour as well as humility of Hanuman\". The dignitaries also released pigeons as a symbol of peace.The crowd at Parade Ground cheered when the leaders arrived at the venue. Mukherjee, who was dressed in white dhoti and kurta, surprised everyone when he moved towards the crowd greeting them with folded hands. Gandhi performed an 'aarti' and put ceremonial vermillion marks on the foreheads of the main actors. The Congress chief also attended Dussehra celebrations at Ramlila Grounds in Central Delhi accompanied by her son and party general secretary Rahul Gandhi .People turned up in large numbers to witness the 'high-tech' burning of the 120-foot effigy of Ravana at Lav Kush committee's Ramlila near Red Fort. Electronic devices and computers were used to produce special effects like cries as the 10-headed demon burnt. \"It was the most enthralling experience ever. The special effects made it seem as if the demons were being destroyed by the towering inferno,\" said Aparna Dwivedi, who had come all the way from Greater Kailash to witness the event.At some of the Ramlila grounds, organizers said they were up all night to fix the damage caused by Tuesday's rain and thunderstorm. Satyadev Goyal, president of the Shri Ramlila Committee, Punjabi Bagh said the effigy had tilted and was virtually destroyed. \"Re-installation of the effigy was completed in time and we used extra fireworks .\"At IP Extension, an effigy representing conspicuous consumption or extravagance \u2014 voted as 'Aaj Ka Ravana' by the locals \u2014 was also burnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945564", "title": "Missing child\u2019s body found in northeast Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A month after two children \u2014 a five-year-old boy and his three-year-old sister \u2014 were sexually assaulted and murdered in northeast Delhi, another child was found murdered in the area after suspected sexual assault.The incident was reported on Wednesday morning by a passerby who found the 10-year-old boy's decomposed body in the bushes. Circumstantial evidence suggests the boy had been sodomized before he was strangled. Police said the details can only be confirmed after they get the autopsy report.The child's parents had filed a complaint after he had gone missing on October 21. They have been informed about the development. The boy's father works at the mortuary of GTB Hospital, police sources said.The child had gone missing while playing with his friends near his house. His family and neighbours searched for several hours, but he couldn't be traced. A missing complaint was lodged followed by a case of kidnapping under Section 363 after police failed to find the boy within 24 hours. On Wednesday, the cops received a call around 10.15pm about a body being found in New Usmanpur. Postmortem of the body has been conducted.Cops said they suspect the involvement of a known person, though all angles are being explored. The spot from where the body was recovered figures in the list of 'dark spots' for children as reported by TOI. Around 3pm on September 26, police had found the bodies of a boy and his sister in the jungle area near Signature Bridge.The same day, a three-year-old girl was kidnapped from Bhajanpura area and dumped after being sexually assaulted at a secluded spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945729", "title": "Air India changes flight timings", "text": "KOCHI: Air India has announced changes in the timings of some of its flights as part of the winter schedule. The changes, announced on Wednesday, will be effective from October 28.The daily Kochi -Chennai flight (AI 510) will take off from Kochi at 2pm instead of the present 3.55pm, and the Kochi-Delhi flight (AI 047) will leave Kochi at 7.35pm instead of 8pm.AI 467 Delhi- Kochi daily flight will reach Kochi at 9.20 am instead of 9.35pm, an Air India release said here.The six-day Kochi-Bangalore flight AI 509 will leave Kochi at 2.05pm instead of 12.35pm, while the daily Kochi-Sharjah flight (AI 933) will leave Kochi at 8.20pm instead of 10.20am.AI 465 will be operating as AI 048 daily on the Delhi- Kochi-Thiruvananthapuram route, and will arrive at the international terminals of both Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram. There is no change in its arrival time, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946650", "title": "\u2018Sindoor khela\u2019, \u2018visarjan\u2019 mark Durga\u2019s farewell", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The atmosphere at different venues across the city was ecstatic as Tricity residents gathered to bid adieu to the Goddess Durga and celebrate the festival of Vijayadashmi on Wednesday. People feasted on delicious sweets and \"prasad\" and wished each other on the occasion.At Banga Bhawan in Sector 35, Kali Bari and several other venues, the celebrations turned even more colourful when married women participated in the \" sindoor khela\", as the time came for Durga \"visarjan\" and devotees headed for immersion of the idol from various venues.\"The Goddess is worshiped as a married woman and on the tenth day she is sent back to her in-laws' home with gratitude,\" said Ira Chakraborty, president of the committee that organizes the event each year at Banga Bhawan, Sector 35.The women celebrate \"sindoor khela\" by applying vermilion on each other's face and forehead to hail Goddess Durga. A pot of water filled from the same source where the idol is immersed is kept at the \"mantap\" for the next nine days after immersion, said Ira.\"The day holds a lot of significance because people are suppose to dissolve all differences among themselves and hug and greet each other after the celebrations,\" she added.The Bengalis visit their friends' and relatives' home after Maha Dashmi till Lakshmi Puja and exchange goodwill and gifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951385", "title": "NTR to team up with Vinayak and Trivikram", "text": "Although young tiger NTR is busy working on his prestigious project Baadshah, the actor has reportedly given the nod for a couple of big-budget scripts. Apparently, NTR has given the green signal to VV Vinayak and also Trivikram Srinivas' script. While his film with VV Vinayak is likely to be produced by BVSN Prasad, Durga Arts' K L Narayana is expected to produce NTR-Trivikram combo film.This is the fourth time NTR and Vinayak are teaming up after Aadi, Samba and Adhurs and the movie will be launched in the later part of 2012 after Vinayak wraps up Ram Charan-starrer Nayak and Bellamkonda's film. On the flip side, NTR-Trivikram film will be launched in mid-2013 after the director completes the shooting of Pawan Kalyan's film.NTR's next film will be directed by Harish Shankar to be produced by Dil Raju under Sri Venkateswara Creations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16946525", "title": "Seniors turn to freshers for social media mentoring", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Once in two weeks, Aisha Daga, who has recently joined Ahmedabad-based Timbor Home , holds mentoring sessions with her boss. The only difference is that it is not her boss who is the mentor but Daga who mentors him on how to use social media for external communication.Reverse mentoring is a situation where young employees in an organization teach the senior staff how to leverage social media. Introduced by former General Electric CEO Jack Welch a decade ago, the concept of reverse mentoring is now being accepted by companies in Gujarat.\"Reverse mentoring is an ongoing process at Timbor, where the seniors and juniors sit together and talk about latest technology,\" said Daga, a business development executive with Timbor. \"The seniors listen to what we say and learn how to use social media, animation and mobile applications. In spite of their seniority, they have no qualms about seeking help or asking questions to people much younger than them.\"At Bharti Airtel , old-timers get practical insights from their juniors into how technologies of the future are actually being used. The company has an official programme of reverse mentoring in which the older-generation employees are expected to enroll under a young mentor.Venkatesh Rangachari, vice-president, sales and marketing, Gujarat, Bharti Airtel, has also enrolled into the programme. \"In the fast paced global space, keeping abreast with constantly changing customer expectations is important,\" he said. \"Reverse mentoring programme facilitates faster exchange of ideas to create a future-ready environment. The one-to-one pairing has helped me get a focused first-hand view from young colleagues on the trends likely to impact businesses.\"Besides re-energizing the older employees, the initiative keeps younger workers engaged and improves relationships between different generations in the workplace.\"Reverse mentoring enables the senior leadership to understand the constantly changing customer expectations and the latest market trends with the help of structured interactions with young employees,\" said Anant Arora, chief executive officer, Gujarat, Bharti Airtel. \"Through this programme, senior leaders master new advents, the latest technologies and developments across the globe. Today, the programme has immensely contributed towards perception makeover within the organization and has given a professional edge to the leaders.\"The novel concept of mentoring from the bottom up has attracted the fancy of companies in the state and is catching up fast.Goutam Gouthi, director of Brahma HR Consultants, said, \"As a concept, reverse mentoring is slowly picking up in Gujarat. However, its application varies for each industry. The concept can add fantastic value if the areas of application are well identified. For the junior employees, it can give a fresh perspective to things.\"According to Gouthi, reverse mentoring can add value in terms of reaching out to the young people in an organization, being updated with current trends, and product innovation among other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946504", "title": "Scrub typhus claims one more, toll rises to 14", "text": "JAIPUR: One more scrub typhus patient died in the state taking death toll due to the disease to 14.The medical health and family welfare department confirmed a scrub typhus death in Bundi district after which teams of the department inspected Nainwa area of the district.Bundi chief medical health officer Dr O P Verma on Wednesday claimed that the situation is not alarming as no more cases of scrub typhus have been found in the area. The department officials had conducted door-to-door survey of the area on Tuesday to find out if there are more cases of the disease in the area. The officials only found patients suffering from fever and other illness.The health department is taking help of the agriculture department to keep the area safe from various kinds of diseases due to unhygienic conditions. Dr Verma said the agriculture department would inform people in the area of what kind of chemicals they can use to kill mites and other micro-organisms which cause illness.The cases of scrub typhus diseases were first reported in Alwar and since then several cases have already been reported from 11 other districts. The other districts are Ajmer, Bharatpur, Bhilwara, Dausa, Dholpur, Jaipur, Karouli, Sikar, Sawai Madhopur and Tonk.A health department official said scrub typhus disease is a new disease and than 140 cases have already been reported from various parts of the state. So far, 14 deaths have been reported. The department has taken measures to control the spread of the disease, including creating awareness about the new disease.Meanwhile, the increasing number of dengue cases in Jaipur has become a cause of concern for the medical health and family department. Sources said more than 60 people tested positive for the disease last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945450", "title": "Delhi and Mumbai in world\u2019s top four urban sprawls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi, which was not even among the world's top ten urban sprawls by population in 1990, is already the second largest behind Tokyo and will continue to retain that position till 2025, according to a UN projection. Mumbai, which was at No. 5 in 1990, has climbed to the fourth spot and will be No. 3 in the next 13 years.The projections made in the UN's recent publication, State of The World's Cities 2012-13, suggests that the Delhi urban agglomeration will have a population of 28.6 million by 2025, still well behind Tokyo's 37.1 million. Mumbai will, in the meantime, have reached a population of 25.8 million. While the report does not indicate exactly which areas are included in these urban agglomerations, comparison of the numbers given for 2010 with 2011 census figures indicates that the relevant area is Greater Mumbai and Delhi plus Gurgaon, Ghaziabad, Noida and Faridabad.The fastest growing of the mega cities, according to the report, will be Dhaka.29% jump in population of Delhi by 2025Dhaka, which was ranked No. 23 in 1990 and was at No. 9 in 2010, is projected to be the fifth largest urban area in the world by 2025. Another city in India's neighbourhood, Karachi, has also been rapidly climbing up the rankings, from No.21 in 1990 to No.10 in 2010 and No.9 in 2025.Kolkata, which was ranked No.7 in 1990, has been more or less holding on to its position, having dropped just one rank till 2010 and is projected to hold on to that position in 2025. New York and Mexico City, which were the two biggest urban agglomerations two decades ago, are projected to drop to the bottom half of the top 10 list in a little more than a decade from now.For those who worry about these cities continuing to grow to unmanageable sizes, there is some reason for hope. Most of the cities at the top of the list are projected to see their growth rates dropping off. Tokyo, for instance, will be virtually unchanged from its current size with zero population growth between 2020 and 2025, while Sao Paulo, Mexico City and New York will all see single digit percentage increases in population between 2010 and 2025.Delhi and Mumbai are both projected to see populations increasing by 29% over the same period, but even this is a significant drop from the rates at which they have grown since 1990. Dhaka, however, is likely to see its population grow by 43% over the 15-year period, a rate that will be matched by Karachi while Lagos in Nigeria will see a 49% jump in population by 2025, if the projections come true. \"There is a need to address the ribbon development happening around big cities in developing countries, particularly in India. A city or urban area has to have adequate infrastructure to make them cities of prosperity,\" said Eduardo Lopez Moreno, head of City Monitoring Branch of UN Human Settlements Programme.Times ViewThe fact that two of India's cities will be ranked among the three biggest in the world soon is not really something to celebrate. Quite apart from the question of what kind of pressure this will put on urban amenities in these two cities, it highlights a serious problem. Clearly, a handful of cities still remain the biggest magnets for those seeking economic opportunities in India. This is neither a desirable nor a sustainable model of development. Many more cities need to play that role and the countryside too needs to be made capable of providing meaningful opportunities. That will lead to a more even development of the whole country and hence also one that eases social tensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947482", "title": "Websites and nifty apps to help you work hard, play harder", "text": "BookmarksFamilioIf you want a more private place than Facebook to share photos and videos with your family, then try Familio. To invite a family member to the service, just add their name and email along with your relationship with that person. When you're ready to share on the site, simply indicate the people you'd like to share with, or accept sharing requests from them. And just because you're sharing a moment with someone, it doesn't mean they cannow post it to the web for anyone to see. You always know who saw it, who shared it, and you can take actions to rectify mistakes. The Family Moments tab shows all the things shared in your circle, while ' What's New' acts as a quick drop-down notification bar.Photoshop RequestYou might have some photographs that need some touching up, but don't have the necessary Photoshop skills for it. Design students at colleges and universities want to hone their skills, but don't have material to work on. It's a perfect match at Photoshop Request, which lets you email a request for some simple image editing. Currently, the guys at Photoshop Request cover restoration, co lourization, editing, retouching, photo manipulation, background replacement or removal, photo enhancement, cropping and resizing, photo cleanup, brightening, lightening, darkening, sharpening, and removing unwanted objects. And best of all, it's free.ZpreparedThis lifestyle blog is filled with cool toys for boys; from rugged adventure vehicles to camping gear, hobbyist firearms and blades to ready-to-eat meals (cheese burger in a tin, anyone?) . Each of the drool-worthy products are presented in ways that showcase their usefulness in the event of a zombie attack ( yes , the 'Z' stands for Zombies, and the site is Zombie Prepared). For instance, the 2009 Yamaha Zuma is listed as a scooter that you'd need when hitting the road after a zombie outbreak, where \"you don't have to have be the fastest, just faster than the Z's\" - and therefore, the people at \"Zprepared suggest the Zuma for all your Zombie scooting needs\" . Well, zombies or no zombies, Zprepared is full of cuttingedge , aspirational gizmos and gadgetry.DownloadsBig Oven This is a great app for those who love their food and enjoy cooking. Big Oven provides over 2,50,000 scrumptious recipes - each with photos and detailed steps - posted by users from all over the world. Create a free account, and you can add your own dishes to the list. You can also browse through the collection by recently-added recipes; find out what others are cooking; and if you're feeling experimental, let the app point you to a random recipe - a great way to try out new stuff. Notably, Big Oven has two features that simply stand out. List the leftovers you have in your kitchen, and the app will serve you with recipes where you can use those ingredients. And if you're too tired to type out your recipes, simply use RecipeScan to upload photos of handwritten or typed paper recipes, and have them converted into editable digital text to store on your account.Android, iOS, Windows Phone OS | FreeSubway Surfer Subway Surfer follows the popular run-past-the-hurdles formula employed by games like Temple Run, but still packs in enough to be fresh and enjoyable. You play as Jake, a young boy trying to escape from a rail-yard inspector and his dog after defacing a train compartment with graffiti. And since the setting is a rail yard, you have to jump, duck, and even avoid or run on moving trains. Indeed, the best part about the game is its colourful and vibrant environment. Besides, there are several power-ups in the game such as a boot that allows you to hop like a kangaroo or a skate board that allows you to effortlessly glide on the tracks. As you progress, you collect coins that can be used to buy more power-ups . And these can also be used to bypass challenges, a neat trick that helps players if they are stuck.Android, iOS | FreeLingibli If you want to learn a new language, Lingibli is a good place to start. To begin, the app gives you a list - English, French, Arabic, Spanish, etc (no Indian languages are supported currently) - and asks you to select a language you know, and one you want to learn. Accordingly, the user gets a list of common words and phrases; complete with a pronunciation guide. The top 35 common phrases are free, but you can buy additional 'phrase packs' , such as travelling, eating and drinking, shopping and money, basic talking, etc. Lingibli also provides a handy PDF of words and their translations, which you can print out to label things around you, such as lamp, plate, door, etc. And for the pronunciation of any item, just point Lingibli at the QR code on the label to read it out aloud. A very helpful app if you're moving or going on a vacation to a foreign country.Android, iOS | Free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951628", "title": "Shivaji - The Real Hero to release in four languages", "text": "After the huge success of 'Eega', now a Marathi movie is going to be released in four different languages. 'Shivaji - The Real Hero' starring Bharat Jadhav, Sidharth Raju, Manisha Kelkar and many others will be released in four different languages.Apart from Marathi the film will be released in Hindi, Telugu and Tamil. Film is produced by Sadashiv Patila nd directed by Shaktishankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946444", "title": "One in six persons will have a stroke: WHO", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"One in six persons will have a stroke. However if detected early and treated with modern methods many patients can make complete recovery and lead normal lives. Many patients have warning signs or a mini stroke which should not be ignored,\" said Dr Vipul Gupta, a neurovascular surgeon, while quoting WHO projections. The WHO will be observing World Stroke Day on October 29.While stressing the need to recognize a mini stroke to prevent a major one, Dr Gupta said, \"Brain stroke is the third leading cause of death in our country, and the second most common cause of long-term disability than any other disease.\"From 2000 to 2008, the overall incidence of brain stroke in low to middle income countries exceeded that of high-income countries by 20%, according to WHO. Today, two-thirds of all individuals that have suffered from a stroke live in developing countries where health systems are already stretched to the limit. According to WHO estimates, the number of deaths from stroke in India will increase from 5,98,000 in 2000 to 9,45,000 in year 2020.Recognition of early symptoms is necessary to avoid complications followed by stroke which include loss of memory and paralyses. As Dr Dheeraj Khurana of the department of neurology at PGI said, \"FAST -- facial deviation, arm weakness, speech changes and time must not be lost -- is how patients can understand the signs and deal with it. A patient must immediately visit the nearest hospital and not any general physician to utilize the golden hour.\" Dr Gupta further said, in a mini stroke (transient ischemic attack, TIA) many patients initially experience a minor attack with stroke-like symptoms which go away within a few minutes. This attack is a \"mini-stroke\" or a \"warning stroke\". It is caused by a clot blocking a brain blood vessel for a short while. While in stroke blockage lasts long enough to cause permanent damage. In a mini stroke, it is temporary and the clot dissolves before permanent damage happens.Once a stroke happens, approximately 1 in 4 people die within a year according to WHO. Even those who survive, up to 30%-50% do not regain functional independence. Not many patients reach the hospital as the symptoms are not recognized. As Dr Dheeraj said, \"In PGI we come across 2-3 patients on an average per month who have suffered a stroke and only 10% of them reach on time. Out of these we are only able to treat 30%, as the damage in the rest is irreversible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952164", "title": "AS Ravi Kumar to direct Sai Dharam Tej", "text": "Although Sai Dharam Tej's (megastar Chiranjeevi's nephew) debut film is yet to hit the screens, the actor is on a signing spree as he's giving the nod for the filmmakers. After giving the green signal to Sai Kiran Adivi's film Kerintha, Sai Dharam Tej has okayed another film to be directed by AS Ravi Kumar Chowdary. It seems Dil Raju and Allu Aravind will be jointly producing the film, which is expected to go on floors shortly.Sai Dharam Tej is currently wrapping up his debut film Rey directed and produced by YVS Chowdary while the actor is also gearing up to start shooting for Sai Kiran Adivi's Kerintha co-produced by Dil Raju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949552", "title": "Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu (CGTR) 1 week collections", "text": "After record openings on day 1, trade reports say that the first week collections of Pawan Kalyan's latest release Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu (CGTR) touched 52 crores (worldwide). Sources say that power star once again unleashed his box office power despite disruptions in the initial stages of the release.Reports further inform that power star once again proved that he's an undisputable box office king as Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu registered around 7.6 crores (share) in Nizam. In Guntur the film has raked in around 2.37cr (share) while Krishna registered around 1.52 cr. East and West Godavari collected approximately 1.5 crores each while Nellore, Ceeded, Karnataka and rest of India collections (one week) have created new records.In USA too, Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu is doing an excellent business. Trade analysts say that the film amassed around $538, 188 (Rs 2.88 cr) (reported screens) and is still going strong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12248648", "title": "Filmmaker Satyajit Ray\u2019s mark in Bengali literature", "text": "Satyajit Ray, a renowned Bengali filmmaker, also made his mark in Bengal's literary circle.He gave to the world of literature some memorable charactes like Feluda, the sleuth and scientist, Professor Shonku. Satyajit Ray has to his credit several published short stories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16946573", "title": "Knee pain left him sleepless, addicted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Radheshyam Mangilal Kakhani has spent over a decade battling extreme knee pain, which not only curbed his movement but also made an addict of him. He would take three injections but sleep would still elude him, as bent knees and obesity prevented him from lying down to sleep. For seven years he slept in a sitting position.A complex knee surgery to correct his knees, which remained bent at 50 degrees, helped him not only to reclaim his life but also kick his addiction to Fortwin Phenargan injections, which were prescribed by a local physician to get some pain relief and a night of sleep.\"There were many challenges. He weighed 132 kg, was addicted to injections and worst of all, his knee was severely damaged. Replacing the knee joint by stretching it and correcting it in one go posed the risk of damaging vascular connections and nerves which could lead to loss of sensation. We took the risk and performed the surgery, specially handling the muscles and other structures. Aggressive physiotherapy was also given to enable him recover,\" said joint replacement surgeon Dr Ashwin Sardhara.Radheshyam has recovered from the surgery and has got back to his life at 71-years of age. \"I have been able to shed 40 kgs, as now I am can climb stairs and go for regular walks. I remained completely immobile for ten years, of which the last five-odd years were sheer hell. Due to my heavy weight, even a couple of steps would send pain through my body,\" recalls Radheshyam.He also recalls how his cupboard at home was filled with injections. \"The addiction got to me so bad, I would not go anywhere without my injections. If my children would make me sit in a car and travel to Rajasthan, I would carry a box of injections with me. After the surgery it was difficult but the doctor helped me kick the habit. Not having pain also helped me recover,\" says Radheshyam, who runs a copper business in Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16946165", "title": "Virbhadra\u2019s big fat LIC policies", "text": "SHIMLA: Former Himachal Pradesh chief minister Virbhadra Singh's interest in buying LIC policies bear an interesting pattern over the past 10 years. These policies are at the heart of a controversy with allegations of money laundering levelled against him by the BJP.Before the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, the 78-year-old state Congress chief had only two LIC policies for himself, each with a premium barely one-hundredth of that he paid for the new policies worth crores that he bought after becoming the Union minister for steel.Of his two previous policies, the one bearing number 111305787, that commenced on July 25, 1991, had an annual premium of just Rs 1.20 lakh, the highest he paid for any policy for himself till 2009, according to his affidavits available with TOI.But the aging Singh showed a remarkable interest in the Jeevan Akshay policy, recommended for people in the 30-50 age group. Singh paid Rs 1 crore as a single premium on March 27, 2010.Singh had become the Union minister for steel on May 28, 2009.Seven months later, on December 31, he bought his other policy, LIC Market Plus, for Rs 50 lakh. This policy is basically targeted at much younger customers beginning at the age of 18. The BJP has alleged that both his policies were bought with a single premium and around the same time when documents recovered from a steel company show an entry against \"VBS\". The BJP pointed out that according to the same documents, Rs 50 lakh was paid on December 23, 2009 \u2014 six days before Singh bought his first policy.His two earlier policies, which are yet to expire, are still running with annual premiums. During Virbhadra's tenure as Union steel minister, between 2009 and 2012, a similar trend is seen in his wife's LIC policies, which have shot up from one in 2007 to five in 2012. Before this period, her earlier policy had a premium of only Rs 1,92,947.By mid 2010, even she had purchased the same two policies \u2014 Market Plus worth Rs 50 lakh on February 26, 2010 and Jeevan Akshay worth Rs 1 crore in March 2010.But Singh on Wednesday maintained that the money he invested in the LIC policies was his income from horticulture. He said the details of his income have been given in the tax documents filed before the income tax department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16944899", "title": "Diego Maradona: He came, he saw, he conquered", "text": "KANNUR: Diego Armando Maradona had the world at his feet with his footballing skills at the Mexico World Cup. Twenty six years later, he had football-crazy Keralites swooning, using the same pair of legs with which he dazzled the world.No, he didn't step on to the ground to play football on Wednesday morning. But he used his legs to show that he hadn't still lost touch with his footballing skills. And that he wasn't a bad dancer either!The crowd had come in numbers to the Kannur Municipal stadium early on Wednesday morning to watch the 'football god'. And the showman that he is, Maradona didn't disappoint. He took an aerial view of Kannur town before landing at the stadium at 11.15 am.He waved at the crowd from the stadium gallery before expressing his desire to walk down the ramp on to the stage that was built for him. And then began the Maradona show. Decked in a grey shirt and blue jeans, Maradona extended his tattooed arms to blow kisses.He then took control of the football that was thrown towards him. He dribbled the ball a little and then tried to juggle it with his head before kicking it towards his fans. With Waka Waka playing in the background, it didn't take too long for Maradona to break into a jig.He soon summoned Ranjini Haridas, anchor of the show, to dance with him. He was as quick with his dancing shoes as he was on the playing field, so much so that Ranjini found it difficult to match the Argentine's dancing skills.Next up was the turn of IM Vijayan, with whom he played a round of 'headball'. With Maradona turning 52 in six days' time, the organisers had made a cake in the shape of a football ground with a ball at the centre, and requested the legend to cut it.As Maradona stepped up, Kochi-based musician Charles Anthony played the guitar and sang Happy Birthday in Spanish. The moment he heard those Spanish words, Maradona's eyes lit up.He dropped the knife and breaking the security barrier, rushed towards the musician, grabbing a mike on the way. For the next 10 minutes, Maradona showed he wasn't a bad singer either!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16946381", "title": "His brush follows his heart", "text": "When this 21-year-old painter starts on a blank canvas, it is his instinct that guides his brush. There is no preconceived image ever that he drags on to the canvas. Having painted about 40 pieces so far, Mohali resident Abhimanyu Pratap Singh Sekhon prefers a blank approach and lets his imagination wander as he sits to paint.This is one reason that his first exhibition 'Silent Metaphor', put up at Punjab Kala Bhawan last week, had no theme. \"I paint what comes to my mind. And I plan to keep working this way even on my next exhibition, which I will display sometime next year,\" says Abhimanyu.He adds, \"There hasn't been any influence on my art from family or friends. I just try to improve my work with each new painting.\" But the two things that have influenced Abhimanyu's imagination most since he began painting professionally three years ago are landscapes and cityscapes. His eyes look at the picturesque environs distinctively while these are missed by people in the daily rush. \"I never planned to paint professionally. I started drawing as an amateur artist and there has been no looking back since then. I follow my heart and images appear on the drawing board. It has been an enriching journey so far and I plan to put up exhibitions at regular intervals,\" says Abhimanyu, who recently completed his graduation and plans to get a degree in human rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16953932", "title": "Congress demands audit of grants given by ministers from discretionary quota", "text": "JALANDHAR: After exposure that grants from ministers' discretionary funds given at the behest of former Agriculture minister Sucha Singh Langah to dubious organizations, Congress has demanded a special audit of all discretionary grants released by the SAD-BJP government since 2007 till date, by the Comptroller Auditor General ( CAG ) India.\"As funds from the exchequer to the tune of approximately Rs 90 lakhs has been misappropriated by the Ex-Minister in connivance with the serving Ministers it is imperative to get these grants audited,\" said former Congress MLA Sukhpal Khaira. .\"As per the reports, Rs 37 lakhs had been procured by Langah from various Ministers discretionary quotas for the Guru Gobind Singh Khalsa College Society, Kalanaur, that actually never existed on the ground. Similarly, he in a barter system would give his discretionary grants to other Ministers and receive these grants for his institution Guru Angad Dev Nursing College, Dhariwal. While he received grant from former minister Gulzar Singh Ranike, he returned the favour by giving Rs 10 lakhs as minister from his discretionary quota to Dashmesh Public School Ranike, Amritsar run by the family of Ranike. All this has been clandestinely going on for the past many years,\" he said.The fire brand former MLA said that Congress was of the firm opinion that the present scandal unearthed was only the tip of an iceberg. \"A close scrutiny and perusal of all discretionary grants issued by the SAD-BJP government would bring to fore embezzlement and misappropriation of tax payers money to the public domain. Presently, there seems to be zero accountability of such grants, as in Langah case, how was it possible that the funds were given to a college that actually never existed on the ground? Why the govt. did not get a usage certificate from the DC,\" Khaira asked\"The terms of reference of audit should include the expenditure incurred from the disbursal of these grants on ground and the usage certificates provided, if any by the respective Deputy Commissioner's of the state. The congress in the meanwhile urges the government to issue a white paper on all discretionary grants since 2007, so that misuse of the tax payers money comes to the knowledge of the people of Punjab, who are the actual owners of the public exchequer,\" Khaira demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mandi", "code": "16952112", "title": "Gadkari not hiding, open to probe: Sushma Swaraj", "text": "MANDI: Leader of Opposition and BJP MP Sushma Swaraj on Thursday denied her party president Nitin Gadkari was evading media, amidst mounting allegations of dubious funding of his companies.\"Gadkari ji is not hiding anywhere. He's open for any public debate. He had open chats with two TV channels. He will soon come here for campaigning,\" Swaraj told a a public rally in Himachal Pradesh.She was in HP's Mandi district for poll campaigning for the party looking for its second term in the hill state.Her comments came on a day amidst confirmed reports of the Income Tax (I-T) department's probe into charges of alleged financial impropriety and dubious funding to Gadkari's company Purti Power and Sugar Ltd.Questions over the source of funds to Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Ltd are being raised with investigations by TOI revealing that money flowed in from a multi-layered maze of companies registeres all over India.More than two dozen companies, whose directors include Gadkari's driver and astrologer, have unverifiable addresses.These companies are mentioned in the documents filed with the Registrar of Companies under the ministry of corporate affairs.Swaraj asserted that the beleagured party chief had a full support of the senior leaders and party cadre.On Wednesday, party partriarch L K Advani had spoke in Gadkari's defence.Swaraj's statements come after the RSS said it was up to the BJP to decide the fate of Gadkari, who looked set to become party president for a second time before the allegations about shell companies investing in his enterprises surfaced.The former Union cabinet minsiter, however said both she and Advani warn the investigation agencies to make the probe against Gadkari a politcal agenda.\"Like Advani ji lauded Gadkari ji for his openness to investigation. We categorically support that. Quiz him and probe him but not make a case of political vendetta\" she said.\"Charges against Gadkari are only to neutralise unrelenting corruption allegations against the UPA leaders. Which Congress or UPA leader had so far agreed to have such a discussion in the past? Was it A Raja or Suresh Kalmadi or Jayaswal?\" she remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947497", "title": "4.2 minute jump, 5 years in the making: Felix", "text": "The phone rings and the voice on the other end says, \"Hi, it's Felix.\" Ten days after he became the first man to break the sound barrier in free fall, Felix Baumgartner needs no other introduction.Known for jumping off buildings and bridges, daredevil Felix Baumgartner has bunny-hopped his way into the record books and etched his name in popular culture as the man who jumped from the edge of space. Hurtling down 1,28,000 feet and reaching a maximum speed of 833.9 mph or Mach 1.24 \u2014 whichever one impresses you the most \u2014 in a spacesuit that future astronauts will wear has guaranteed the 43-yearold Baumgartner a very special place in history.The accolades and applause haven't stopped for the world's leading sky diver and BASE jumper but he hasn't forgotten the long and at times, complicated journey that found him standing at the edge of the capsule door, looking down at the earth. He was in free fall for 4 minutes and 22 seconds, but the preparations leading up to those exhilarating moments lasted almost five years.\"It wasn't easy at all,\" says Baumgartner. \"We'd been planning it for five years but the whole process has been so difficult. We spent a lot of time finding the right people to work with. Sometimes we would hire someone and then find that they weren't a right fit and the process would start all over again,\" he adds.The mission in Roswell involved 300 people, including more than 70 engineers, scientists and physicians and all of them helped break attitude and speed records set half a century ago by Joe Kittinger, 84, a retired Air Force Colonel. Kittinger was also at Roswell.It wasn't just human resources that Baumgartner, a former paratrooper in the Austrian military, and his team had a problem with. They couldn't even find the right suit. \"No one wanted to sell us a suit,\" he reveals, adding , \"because no one believed in us. Then there was the capsule and cameras. We were constantly adapting. Testing all the time at low altitude and then high altitude, chamber testing. There were a lot of up and downs in the last five years and a lot of tears and sweat. We dropped the ball many times but we picked it right up. We got there eventually .\"He might be called Fearless Felix but there was a time when the Austrian abandoned the project midway. Jumping off heights was no biggie for a man who at the age of five drew a picture of himself flying down to earth with his family waiting for him with food and drinks, but he found himself suffering panic attacks when forced to spend hours inside the pressurised suit and helmet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "16946425", "title": "Bringing smiles on faces of kids of a lesser god", "text": "UDUPI: This festival season, students of Manipal University brought smiles on the faces of children of lesser a God.About 30 students of the varsity celebrated Vijaydashami with the children of Namma Bhoomi, a non-government organisation at Kundapur on Wednesday. The organization provides free shelter, food and education to rural and marginalized children, and school dropouts. Now, it is a home to 100 kids. Apart from distributing sweets and decorating hundreds of diyas (lamps), the students also staged a 45-miniute play based on Ramayana. The event was organized by The Help, a students' association of Manipal Institute of Technology (MIT).Venkatesh Kumar, an engineering student of MIT said, \"We usually waste our time on festival days by sitting at home without doing anything. So we decided to celebrate the festival with these children, who do not get an opportunity to celebrate festivals like children from well to do families.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16946546", "title": "Girl killed in lift accident in Vatva", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An eight-year-old girl, Khushi Parmar, was killed in a lift accident on Tuesday night. A complaint of culpable homicide has been registered at the Vatva GIDC police station against two builders, chairman of the housing society and the lift company owner by the girl's father who is a probationer police sub-inspector.Khushi's father, Rakesh Parmar, who stays in Panchratna Residency on Hathijan road, said that his daughter died after getting caught in the elevator well of a malfunctioning lift on Tuesday night. This is the third incident where a child has been killed in a lift mishap in 2012.The incident took place on Tuesday night when residents of Pancharatna Residency were hosting Navratri garba and yagna. All members of the society had gathered in the common plot of the multistoried complex. At this juncture Khushi told her mother that she is going home to drink water. Parmars stay on the second floor.When Khushi did not return for quite some time, her mother searched for her in the common plot and asked her daughter's friends to go and look for her inside the building. On their way up, when the children tried to operate the lift, it did not respond. They then went up the staircase and returned almost immediately.They ran back and said that there is a lot of blood near the lift entrance on the second floor. The society members rushed up to the second floor and saw that the lift door was open while the lift car was stuck between the first and second floors.Fire brigade officials, who were called immediately, took close to 20 minutes to manually operate the lift and get the car up.When the lift car came up they saw that Khushi had fallen into the gap between the lift car and the elevator well. She was dragged down by the lift car and had died by then.Police officials were then called to the spot. Police and forensic officials, after preliminary investigation, said that when Khushi opened the door to step into the lift, the elevator must have started moving. \"Somebody may have called the lift from the ground floor or the elevator might have started on its own. Khushi's upper body got caught in the moving lift car and she was dragged down. Her body got stuck between the lift car and the lift shaft causing grievous injuries to the little girl,\" said a police official who is investigating the case.Residents of the society later told police that the lift was malfunctioning since several days. \"The residents said that they had complained to the society office bearers and builders but nobody had paid any heed. We've booked builders Ghanshyam Desai, Pravin Desai, chairman of society Chatur Patel and owner of Atlas elevator company in the case and charged them with culpable homicide,\" said a Vatva GIDC police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16947219", "title": "Faridkot abduction'Gundagardi' effigy burnt at protest rally", "text": "FARIDKOT: Protesting against the Punjab police for \"misrepresenting facts\", Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee, which had launched a series of agitations in the minor girl abduction case, on Wednesday burnt an effigy of \"gundagardi\".The parents of the minor girl were also present on the occasion.The committee members, who had gathered at the Kamyana Chowk, also said that they would re-launch agitations from Bathinda against the police and government.Members of various NGOs, social and religious organizations came together under the banner of Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee and raised slogans against the Punjab government. Various speakers also condemned the DGP's version -- that the victim girl had accompanied the main accused in the case, Nishan Singh, and questioned the \"promotion\" of DSP Gurmeet Singh , who had allegedly protected the accused.Meanwhile, the parents of the minor girl have been allowed to meet their daughter on Thursday. Faridkot DC Ravi Bhagat, who visited the girl's house, said, \"The parents can meet their daughter in Nari Niketan on Thursday at any time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16946831", "title": "Curfew imposed in J&K;\u2019s Zanskar town after communal clashes", "text": "SRINAGAR: Curfew was imposed in Zanskar town of Jammu &amp; Kashmir's Kargil district on Wednesday after three people were injured in Buddhist-Muslim clashes over an attack on a group of converts to Islam.Reports said clashes triggered after 26 people, who had converted to Islam from Buddhism on September 24 and migrated to a Muslim-dominated area, returned to their native place in Zanskar.\"Members of the Buddhist community resisted their return and attacked the converts belonging to six families. But the police intervened and prevented further clashes. Three injured people, including the Zanskar tehsildar, were taken to a hospital,\" DIG Ahfadul Mujtaba said.\"Police reinforcements have been dispatched from Srinagar to assist the local administration.\"The converts had told the police that they embraced Islam voluntarily, but Zanskar Buddhist Association general secretary Janph Wongdous questioned their conversion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "16947239", "title": "Dalit men stop burning of Ravan effigy", "text": "SIRSA: Amid high drama, a group of dalits on Tuesday did not allow the organizers to burn the effigy of Ravan at Odhan suburban town, 30 kilometers from here on Dabwali-Sirsa road.Odhan is a village-turned-suburban township with a population of 25,000.The incident took place during evening hours when organizers of Shri Durga Natya Mandal were preparing to burn an effigy, which was prepared by children of the village. A group of dalit men, headed by Karnail Odhan, reached the venue and asked orgnizers not to burn the effigy. Karnail and his group stopped the burning of effigy, terming Ravan as god of dalits, sources said.As the situation turned tense, a police party headed by SHO of Odhan police station, inspector Bhartender, rushed to the venue to sort out the issue. \"The issue was amicably resolved and both parties refused to lodge any complaint,'' Bhartender said. He also confirmed that the Ravan effigy was not set on fire and was removed by the organizers.Ramesh Rangeela, president of the club, who organized the function, also confirmed resistance by Karnail's group. \"We had staged Ram Leela after a gap of six years. Children had been insisting on burning the effigy, hence they made one. As there was opposition, we removed the effigy from the venue,'' said Rangeela.He, however, expressed inability to elaborate further, as to what made Karnail and his companions oppose the burning of effigy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16944977", "title": "Guidelines for school buses tough", "text": "COIMBATORE: The recent directions of the state transport department on the guideline regarding school buses are too hard to be complied with, say school managements. Most of them feel that they may have to stop running the school buses if officials insist on enforcing the instructions.After a 6-year-old student died slipping through a hole in a moving school bus on July 25, the state transport department had come up with specifications on school buses and vans. Many instructions which came into force on October 1, titled 'Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicles (Regulation and Control of School Buses) Special Rules 2012', are impossible to be followed say schools.As per the guideline, the school bus window should be 55cm X 70cm. The emergency exit should be 150cmX120cm. Moreover, they are asked to comply with the new specifications within three months. Meanwhile, the Fitness Certificates of the buses which have already expired are not being renewed due to non-compliance with new guidelines. The footboards have to be not more than one foot from the ground level. Moreover, there should be an attendant apart from the driver, who should be between 21 and 50 years of age. He should also have passed conductor's license.Managements say that many of these instructions are difficult to be complied with. Besides, they need more time, they said.R Visalakshi, president of Association of Private Schools, Coimbatore, said if the government does not relax some of these specifications, they will stop plying school buses.\"None of the buses and vans have doors and windows as per the requirement.\" she says.To achieve this, they will have to rework the entire vehicle, which is expensive and time consuming, she says.At the same time, senior officials at the transport department say that there is no possibility of the government revoking the instructions. \"These guidelines are necessary to maintain the security of the vehiclesRegarding some of the difficult guidelines, there needs to be more discussions,\" says a senior officialon the conditions of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947389", "title": "Driver of bus that fell off Anna flyover dismissed by MTC", "text": "CHENNAI: D Prasad, driver of the MTC bus involved in an accident on June 27, when it toppled after breaking the wall of Anna flyover has been dismissed. The bus had 38 passengers and a conductor, apart from the driver, when it plughed through the parapet of the flyover before landing on the road 20ft below.This is one of the rare occasions where a driver has been dismissed for a non-fatal accident . Even drivers causing fatal accidents are usually sent for a 90-day refresher course, which includes yoga classes and anger management , before they are put back behind the wheel.Corporation officials said that Prasad was dismissed because of the gravity of the accident . \"We had no choice as the issue reached the top officials and the state government because of the media attention,\" said a source. Officials also said the 48-year-old had previous records of being involved in collisions and the cost incurred by the corporation following the accidents.Officials said the driver was clearly overspeeding on the flyover. \"The maximum speed for bus negotiating a curve is 25km per hour. But the bus must have been travelling at 45km per hour, resulting in the accident,\" said an MTC official.MTC sent Prasad, 48, the dismissal letter on Monday. He now plans to move the court regarding his dismissal. Sources said he was sent a month's salary along with the letter.On June 27, a 17M MTC bus plying between Broadway and Vadapalani crashed into the wall of Anna flyover, stood precariously for a few seconds before rolling down. All of the 40 occupants in the bus escaped with minor injuries . Eyewitness said Prasad, who had more than 20 years of experience, had a phone in his hand while the accident took place. According to police records, the driver had made calls just before he left the depot and minutes after the accident took place.MTC drivers are known for their notorious attitude towards driving. In 2011, 112 people died in accidents involving MTC buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16952817", "title": "Chance for Indian students to build their own F1 cars", "text": "NEW DELHI: India-born Sauber team principal Monisha Kaltenborn on Thursday launched multi-disciplinary school programme -- F1 in Schools -- which aims at encouraging young students to design a scale-model Formula One car.The programme challenges students from 12 to 19 years of age to use different softwares to design, test and build a scale-model F1 car out of a block of balsa wood and race it in an exciting competition, the organisers of the championship in India KaptanMCA Tracktech Pvt Ltd, said.A purpose-built 20 meter track is used to test the speed of the miniature cars and the participants are judged on basis of speed of their car, final car design, verbal presentation, engineering development, team work, project presentation and marketing display, they said.\"F1 in Schools will prove to be very popular with Indian students as an exciting, fun and innovative education-led activity and I look forward to meeting the first Indian F1 in Schools National Championships next year,\" Monisha said.Teams will have to compete on regional and national level before making it to the finals of the 'Bernie Ecclestone F1 in Schools World Champions Trophy'.The school students will get to make their own team modelled on the F1 outfits.The students will have to find sponsors who will fund their projects and build their teams. On being selected, they will get a chance to participate in the international championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952082", "title": "Parthepan loves autowallahs", "text": "Actor Parthepan seems to love the autowallahs in Chennai and has advised them to install metres in their vehicles. The actor says, \"Auto drivers are a respected section in the society, so it's only fair that they install meters in their autos. In fact, I was so impressed by a saying on the autos, 'Prasavathukku Ilavasam' that I even thought of making a film on that.\"He adds, \"The problem starts when they demand a flat rate for everything, say Rs 100 for a short distance. Not very long ago, when I had taken an auto, I saw an auto driver resting inside the auto listening to my song. When I got down, I gave him Rs 150 instead of 50 he demanded for to keep him happy. But not everyone can do this. So, it's only wise that meters are installed in the autos. After all, there are many Baashas out there on the road. The moment they install autos in their vehicles, the respect we have for them will increase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945364", "title": "Infra company rose when Nitin Gadkari was in power", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after TOI exposed the controversial dealings of BJP president Nitin Gadkari , eyebrows are being raised over the exponential growth of Ideal Road Builders (IRB), an infrastructure company set up by Virendra D Mhaiskar in 1977.The low-profile Mhaiskar came into the limelight after it was found that he had given a huge personal loan to Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL).Senior bureaucrats say the growth trajectory of IRB has an unmistakable parallel with Gadkari's own career. The company, which had constructed only 10 km of road in six years, went from sluggish to superfast after Gadkari took over as the public works minister in 1995. During Gadkari's four-year ministership from 1995 to '99, it bagged the prestigious contract for the maintenance of the Mumbai-Pune expressway as well as key contracts for the construction of new roads, either from the funding of the public works department or on a build, operate and transfer basis.IRB saw a brief cooling period after the Shiv Sena-BJP government was voted out but it ricocheted back into the mainstream after Gadkari was appointed advisor of the prime minister's rural road development plan. The company then bagged major contracts not only in Maharashtra but in BJP-ruled Gujarat.\"The information on the progress of IRB is not confidential; it is available on its website. The company claims to have constructed 1000 km of road and completed projects worth Rs 3,100 crore on a build, operate and transfer basis in Maharashtra, Gujarat and AP,\" the bureaucrat said. TOI received no reply to the comprehensive questionnaire it sent Mhaiskar but his office forwarded a statement he had sent to the National Stock Exchange of India, following reports in a section of the media. On the relationship between IRB and Gadkari, Mhaiskar submitted that since IRB infrastructure developers and its subsidiaries did not have any business relationship, past or present with Gadkari, there was no question of any conflict of interest. On his investment in firms controlled by Gadkari, Mhaiskar said that IRB made an investment of Rs 1.85 crore in equity shares of PPSL mainly for good returns\u2014besides, at the time of the investment, Gadkari was not the public works minister.Mhaiskar admitted that during Gadkari's tenure as public works minister, IRB secured four key contracts\u2014improvement of the Pune-Jalgaon road for Rs 8.75 crore, construction of a two-lane ring road around Nagpur city for Rs 4.14 crore, improvement of the Malegaon-Mehkar road for Rs 21 crore and improvement of the Balapur-Patur road for Rs 4.5 crore. It also secured five projects on a build, operate and transfer basis (the Thane-Bhiwandi bypass for Rs 104 crore), Bhiwandi-Wada for Rs 9.45 crore, Kaman-Paygaon for Rs 14.4 crore, Khambhatki Ghat for Rs 43.05 crore and Kharpada Bridge for Rs 33.3 crore). He claimed that all the projects were awarded as a result of a competitive and transparent bidding process.\"Since doubts are now being raised about the tendering process and there are allegations of a quid pro quo between IRB and Gadkari, the CM should set up a special investigation team to probe the charges,\" said the bureaucrat. \"Since we are in process of probing the irrigation scam, we should probe the public works scam too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16947169", "title": "22 fishermen from Tamil Nadu freed from Qatar jail", "text": "MADURAI: It is learnt that 22 fishermen from Kanyakumari, who were arrested by Qatar authorities after they crossed the maritime boundary while fishing for a Bahrain firm, were released on Wednesday after their sponsors paid the fine.22 fishermen mostly from the western coast of Kanyakumari were arrested by Qatar Coast Guard on October 7 when they drifted into Qatar waters. The men were sent to prison and their two boats seized. On October 18, 10 of them were produced before a Qatar court which fined the captain of the boat 7,000 QR (Qatar Riyals) and each crew 5,000 QR. They were also given a prison sentence of two weeks. On October 22, another set of 12 fishermen were produced before the court and they too were fined.The Fishermen Welfare Forum took up the case and approached the state government, following which officials from the state fisheries department sought the help of Indian embassy officials in Qatar.Now, the fishermen have been allowed to go. As their sponsors paid the fine, the fishermen have been set free and were reportedly handed over to Bahrain authorities on Wednesday.P Justin Antony of Tamil Nadu Fishermen Development Trust from Kanyakumari, who had been talking with the state authorities, said the Tamil Nadu government played a key role in getting the fishermen released. \"They have been in touch with Indian embassy officials in Qatar. We have received the information that the fishermen are being deported to Bahrain in two batches with their boats,\" Justin said.The news has come as a relief to relatives of the arrested men. \"We are really glad to receive the news after so many days of worrying. We are thankful for the efforts taken by the state government in this regard,\" said S Emerencia, wife of Sundar, a fisherman from Colachel, who was in custody in Qatar.Meanwhile, the 27 fishermen from Tamil Nadu who were detained by Iran on trespassing charges on October 10 are still held in Ikkish island and are yet to be produced before the court, Justin said. The Centre should pursue this matter with Iranian authorities and get the fishermen released, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952145", "title": "Sam goes desi", "text": "Sameera Reddy is all set to set the screen on fire with Kunda Khol in Prakash Jha's next. The Vaaranam Aayiram actress will be seen in a desi avatar in the song, which will be set and shot in Bhopal. Sameera has some fast-paced steps that are said to entice the audience. Though it took hours of practice for over two weeks, which drained out the actress completely, Sameera feels it was all worth it after seeing the final take of the song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946140", "title": "Timely medical aid critical for hit-and-run victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 50 per cent of pedestrian deaths in Delhi this year have been found to be hit-and-run cases. Till October 15, three hundred and thirteen pedestrians had died in such cases out of a total of 619 pedestrians deaths. Doctors say that many of these victims could have survived had they been rushed to hospital immediately, but people chose to let a person die, afraid of getting into a legal wrangle.Cops and hospital authorities, however, insist that those helping accident victims are not harassed.\"While there has been a 20 per cent decline in the number of pedestrians dying in road accidents this year over last year, a large number have died because the car owner chose to run away without attempting to help the victim. Even in cases of other fatal accidents, a sizeable portion - over 37 per cent - comprises hit-and-run cases,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.About 152 bikers have lost their lives in hit-and-run cases out of 514 people dying this way. As a result, there is a delay in trauma care, which marks the difference between life and death.\"Many of these hit-and-run episodes are at night when there are fewer eyewitnesses and people feel they are free to not take responsibility for their actions,\" added Garg.\"We have received several accident cases in which there has been considerable delay in hospital admission that has proved fatal. These patients have not arrived within the so-called golden hour when they could have survived. Victims in at least 15 per cent accident cases would survive if there was no such delay,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of AIIMS Trauma Centre.Hospital officials say people who rush accident victims to hospitals are not asked to divulge their details. \"We merely ask where the victim was found so that it is easier to identify the patient. People are free to leave after they hand over the victim,\" said Dr Misra.Cops, too, insist they don't harass such people. \"We advise people to take care of road accident victims and they are not harassed,\" said additional DCP (crime) and Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat.Times viewMuch has been done in terms of changes in rules and procedure to encourage good Samaritans to help accident victims. Unlike in the past, a person taking such a victim to a hospital no longer needs to reveal his or her name and other details. If the fear of getting entangled in needless court cases or bureaucratic hassles at hospitals still remains a dominant theme, it can only be because of lack of awareness about these changes. The police must take note of this fact and launch a sustained campaign to inform citizens about them. Considering that the benefits will be in the form of lives saved, the effort would be well worth it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946548", "title": "New laws soon for installation of water harvesting systems", "text": "JAIPUR: After receiving normal rainfall consecutively for two years in the state, the government is all set to make roof water harvesting system mandatory at all constructions with 300 square meters area and above. The policy has been drafted by the water resources department and is likely to be place before the cabinet in November.The draft policy makes it mandatory for any sort of construction in 300 sq m and beyond in the state to have roof water harvesting. The earlier notification made by the urban housing department has already made it mandatory to have such system in constructions in areas less than 300 sq m.\"This year, we had a good rainfall but lots of water got wasted in the absence of any harvesting system. Learning from our experiences, we now know that it is necessary for a state like Rajasthan and that is why we are working on concrete laws for it,\" a senior engineer of the water resources department said.The draft also suggests heavy penalties for defaulters by cutting off water and electricity connections. \"Those who do not comply with the law will be imposed with penalties and can even face water and electricity cuts,\" the engineer said.However, such initiatives by the state government in past have failed despite strict penalties. The ambitious drive by the JDA against house owners who do not construct the water harvesting system have not seen any significant results. Similarly imposing penalty of Rs 25,000 or seven days' imprisonment too remained ineffective in ensuring the compliance of orders.The draft does not include any provisions for the redundant water harvesting systems. Buildings, including government offices, where water harvesting plants have been constructed are not properly maintained. Among those plants not properly maintained included the one in the secretariat building.Also at Rajasthan University, work for the water harvesting plant started around two years ago but it has not been completed. Sources also said the water harvesting plant at Ravindra Manch is not functioning properly and the plants in most of the government buildings need proper maintenance before the rainy season starts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "sugandh vihar", "code": "16947005", "title": "Cancer survivor offers hope through website", "text": "SUGANDH VIHAR: Meetu Nayyar does not volunteer her time to increase awareness of breast cancer to earn accolades. The Sugandh Vihar resident does it because she has battled the disease and witnessed firsthand the challenges faced by women who have it.After fighting the cancer and defeating it, 39-year-old IT consultant Meetu has come up with websites which spread awareness about the disease and provide tips to fight it. Meetu says the purpose of her websites, \"www.canfightcancer.com\" and \"www.indiancancersociety.com\", is to give cancer victims a place to find hope, support and a life-changing perspective.Meetu was diagnosed with breast cancer in March 2011, and she said the diagnosis was \"life-changing\" and changed how she looked at life. \"I wanted to cherish every day, but I missed a support group which could help me do that - show me the silver-lining inside a life-altering disease. While the doctors educated me about my cancer, I was looking to find support, hope and a positive perspective from others who battled the disease successfully or were going through the same suffering,\" said Meetu.Believing that a positive outlook can change everything, Meetu launched her websites. \"I wanted people to tell their survivor stories because knowing you're not alone means everything. My websites act as support groups and tell patients and their care givers about the ways to fight the disease.\"Meetu's websites suggest ways to bring positivity in life, offer relaxation techniques and diet tips, besides providing emotional support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945227", "title": "\u2018Let locals use South Bombay hockey ground\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Churchgate and Marine Drive want the hockey ground, which was leased to Mumbai Hockey Association (MHA), to be thrown open to the public.The state is set to take over the 2.19-lakh-sq-ft hockey ground after it revoked its agreement with MHA. However, the residents want the space to be given to local associations rather than to sports bodies or committees. \"All the playgrounds are managed by private clubs. Either there are matches happening or marriage receptions,\" said Anil Bhatia, secretary of the Marine Drive Council.Bhatia said except for the promenade and Oval Maidan no other ground was open to the public.\"Our children either play on the roads, in the building compound or in passages,\" he said. Nayana Kathpalia, co-convenor of NGO Citispace said the residents of A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H roads had no open spaces in their immediate vicinity.\"They are absolutely right in demanding that the MHA ground be open to citizens,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16953388", "title": "Conman finally lands in Haryana police net", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Police has arrested P Chandan, a resident of Tamil Nadu on charge of cheating a person of Rewari by sending a SMS through which the accused collected Rs 1.12 lakh from him.A spokesman of Police Department said that P Chandan was arrested following a complaint lodged by Vikram, a resident of Tankdi in district Rewari. In his complaint to police, he said that the accused had sent an SMS to him on February 21 informing him that his mobile number has won a cash prize of Rs 10 lakh and asked him to pay Rs.1.12 lakh as tax in order to get the prize money. Hence the accused managed to deposit demanded amount into his bank account.He said that after detailed investigation, it was found that the mobile number from which the SMS received was issued from Pakistan and it was difficult to locate call details and ID of that number. Thus, the case was handed over to Economic Offence Cell of Rewari Police. Acting swiftly on the complaint, the police team found that Vikram had deposited Rs 1.12 lakh in bank account of P Chandan, a resident of district Selang, Tamilnadu. A total of four persons were involved in this act of crime.The Court has issued arrest warrant against all the four accused in this case. The District Police, Rewari has honoured the team of Economic Offence Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16945413", "title": "Crackdown on wrong parking to minimize traffic chaos", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to minimize traffic chaos at the busy Sector 37 crossing, police have decided to crack down on shared autorickshaws, buses and private commercial vehicles illegally parked at the junction. The drive, which will begin on Friday, will check encroachments in the area and ensure that no vehicles are illegally parked at the intersection. Talks are on between the traffic police and Noida Authority regarding the construction of a signal at the junction.Commuters have been facing regular snarls at the crossing ever since it was closed last year to make way for a 600 metre four-lane underpass and a 750 metre two-lane flyover. While both the utilities were opened to the public earlier this year, the traffic situation has not seen much improvement, mainly due to the menace of shared autorickshaws and commercial vehicles that occupy road space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16954106", "title": "Blame your cellphone for eye ailments, flu", "text": "WASHINGTON: Your mobile phone can put you at a greater risk of various diseases as the device acts as dangerous breeding ground for bacteria, a new study has found.Doctors have warned that the combination of a cellphone's close proximity to your ears, nose and mouth with its bacteria-loving warmth, means people are exposing themselves to germs that are harmful to their health.Tests have found that cellphones typically carry as many germs as the handle of a bathroom door. Common illness that can be caught include the flu , diarrhoea and eye infections.The study points to a lack of proper hygiene and adequate hand-washing by cellphone users.The type of germs found on your cellphone can also be found on other everyday devices including computers, keys, pens and landline phones.However, the risks are greater from cellphone usage because people are attached to them and take them everywhere including to bed, the treadmill at the gym and restaurants.Mobile phones carry an abnormally high number of coliforms, a bacteria indicating fecal contamination.Of the eight phones tested by HML Labs of Muncie, there were between about 2,700 and 4,200 units of coliform bacteria.In drinking water, the limit is less than one unit per 100 ml of water.For some of the bacteria, you only need to ingest as few as 10 organisms to get sick.\"We're feeding the little creatures,\" Michael Schmidt, a professor and vice chairman of microbiology and immunology at the Medical University of South Carolina told the Wall Street Journal .\"We've all seen that greasy smear (on the touchscreen). Where there is grease, there are bugs,\" he told the paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16944966", "title": "Commuter without valid ticket \u2018hit\u2019 by ticket checker for not paying fine", "text": "MUMBAI: The government railway police, Dadar, registered a non-cognizable offence against a ticket checker of Central Railway after he allegedly assaulted a commuter, who was travelling without a valid ticket in the first-class compartment, on Wednesday.Ramesh Kumar Arya (29), a resident of Pimpri-Chinchwad, boarded the first-class compartment of a CST-bound fast train with a ticket for second-class journey. Ticket checker Anand Pardeshi caught Arya and asked him to pay a fine at Dadar. But Arya allegedly tried to flee without paying the fine and in the melee, Arya's spectacles broke. Arya alleged that the TC had slapped him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951064", "title": "Had a Punjabi connection with Jaspal ji: Dolly", "text": "With the passing away of legendary director/producer Yash Chopra , comes the news of the sad demise of prominent actor and the king of comedy, wit and satire-Jaspal Bhatti.Jaspal Bhatti passed away last night in a tragic car accident while promoting his upcoming film 'Power Cut ' in Jalandhar. Known for making the masses laugh with his hit comedy show Flop Show, Jaspal Bhatti has TV shows like Ulta Pulta and Nonsense Private Limited to his credit.On this mournful day, TV and film personality Dolly Bindra (lasts seen on Bigg Boss 4 ) pays her tribute. \"I had met Jaspal ji many times and he would always address me as Dolly Ji. He was my sardar bhai. It's very sad. What is happening? Where is life going? It's very scary to hear such news because it makes you wonder, who is next? When I read the status about his demise this morning on my Blackberry messenger, I was shocked because sometimes people make cruel jokes. I feel sad for Jaspal ji's wife, his son and daughter. I have no words to express\".TV actor and comedian Deven Bhojani adds, \"It's shocking to hear about the sad demise of Jaspal Bhatti ji. He was a master in comedy. Unfortunately, I never got an opportunity to work with him. We will all miss his unique style of creating humour. May god bless his soul. RIP Jaspal ji.\"Humour will never been the same without Jaspal Bhatti. You will continue to live on forever through your works!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16946491", "title": "Punjab\u2019s Ravana followers observe his 'martyrdom\u2019 day", "text": "JALANDHAR: While lakhs of people were celebrating Dussehra in Punjab and watching the spectacle of burning effigies of Ravana, Kumbhakaran and Meghnath on Wednesday, hundreds of Ravana's followers from the Valmiki community were paying homage to him and observing his martyrdom day.Ravana's followers, who call him 'Mahatma Ravana', turned off lights of their houses for four minutes as a mark of respect for the man they consider a virtuous king. Later, hymns were sung in Ravana's praise.\"Ravana was not a demon king as he is made out to be. He was an enlightened Mahatma. In saint Valmiki's Ramayana, Ravana emerges a strong and virtuous character and this is why we worship him,\" said Darshan Ratan Ravana, the founder and head of Adi Dharam Samaj representing the Valimiki community.Darshan added Ravana to his name to assert his affiliation with 'Mahatma Ravana'. Earlier in the day, Ravan puja was held at many places in which followers of the Valmiki community prayed for Ravana.Valmiki community is the second largest Dalit caste in Punjab after Adi-Dharmis.\"We organized Ravan puja in the morning in Bhagwan Valmiki temple. Though initially we were only handful but later the number swelled to 250-300. Women also participate in this puja,\" said Charanjit Hans, president of Kapurthala-based Ravan Sena.Jalandhar's Mahatma Ravan Youth Federation also held Ravan puja. \"We organized the function in Gopal Nagar area to pay homage to Mahatma Ravana and also held discourses about his greatness and qualities,\" federation president Ravi Bali said.Ravana followers have sought a ban on the burning of Ravana's effigies. \"For us Ravana is a man who should be worshipped and we are against his effigy burning,\" said Darshan.Many organizations of Ravana followers had also issued appeals asking people not to burn his effigies on Vijay Dashmi. \"Two years back, we also sent a memorandum to the Prime Minister requesting a ban on the burning of effigies of Ravana and his kin,\" said Arun Sidhu, who founded Bhartiya Dalit Sena. \"We will pursue the issue legally for banning the burning of effigies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16946355", "title": "MCD should focus more on checking mosquito breeeding at public spaces", "text": "The MCD has for a few years now been very meticulous in sending out squads to check for mosquito breeding in private homes. Perhaps it should focus more on ensuring that public spaces are kept free of the menace. Water-logged public spaces and open drains are too common a sight to excite any comment from the capital's residents, but they do provide fertile breeding grounds for all kinds of health hazards. A civic authority that insists on individual citizens maintaining cleanliness in their homes and neighbourhoods carries little credibility if it itself has such a poor record of sanitation.Related story:  Aya Nagar pond buried under garbage, muck", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947341", "title": "Chitlapakkam Lake now a cess pit", "text": "Chitlapakkam , near Pallavaram, was a popular spot in the '80s because a large lake here provided residents potable water all through the year and the waterfront provided recreation.Now people who live in the area have to cough up a large amount of money for reverse osmosis plants and packaged drinking water. The 95-acre water body has shrunk to 47 acres due to encroachments and sewage from houses in the neighbourhood has contaminated the water in the lake.The lake once filled water tanks in Sembakkam and Hasthinapuram. In the early 80's , groundwater could be found in Chitlapakkam at a depth of just 5 feet. Even at the peak of summer, the groundwater level did not fall below 10 feet. Residents could drink the water because it was potable. The lake also attracted migratory birds and was a favourite spot for ornithologists and birdwatchers. \"It was a large lake full of potable water 30 years ago,\" said K Sathyanarayanan, a bank official, who moved to the area from Washermenpet. \"The lake was the main reason that hundreds of people bought land and moved to this area.\"The residents were shocked when in 1990 they learned that the government intended to use the lake bed for construction of a district court, bus terminus and the Tambaram Taluk office. Tamil Nadu Housing Board also planned to set up residential layouts in the lake bed.\"Residents then joined hands and started a massive campaign to protect the lake. The movement helped save the lake,\" said P Viswanathan, a resident of Chitlapakkam who was part of the campaign to protect the water body.The community pressed the Kancheepuram district administration to start work to restore the lake. Officials strengthened the lake bunds and raised them to a height of 10 feet in 2003, increasing the lake's storage capacity.But it has been all downhill since then. Locals say the lack of an underground drainage system in localities around the lake has resulted in hundreds of gallons of untreated sewage flowing into the lake every day. According to estimates by the public works department, 175 encroachers have also taken over various parts of the lake bed.\"Residents managed to rescue the lake to some extent. It is time for the government to step in and save the water body,\" said S Chandrasekar, an insurance officer, who moved to Chitlapakkam in 1986.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947596", "title": "Clint Eastwood in pro-Romney ad", "text": "Veteran actor Clint Eastwood is starring in a new ad to promote Republican Mitt Romney's election to the White House. The 82-year-old 'Dirty Harry' star says in the campaign that Romney is the man who can turn around the future of the US.\"When someone doesn't get the job done, you have to hold them accountable. Obama's second term would be a rerun of the first and our country just couldn't survive that. We need someone who can turn it around fast and that man is Mitt Romney ,\" he says in ad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946529", "title": "Children living at rail station indulging in substance abuse: Survey", "text": "JAIPUR: Almost half of the 120 odd children living in and around the Jaipur railway station are addicted to whiteners, cough syrups, and other medicines to get a high. These children are victims of substance abuse but there is no proper de-addiction programme for them, a recently conducted survey says.The issue of children living at railway stations being addicted to whiteners and other medicines is well known but no concrete plans have been taken up yet to help them in getting rid of the addiction.Recently, an NGO - FXB India Suraksha - completed a survey around the Jaipur railway station and found that 120 children are living in and around the station or near railway station but they spent most of the time at the railway station. The NGO also found that earlier in December last, the number of children were 105 but they have increased to 120. Three children living at the railway station are mostly from Andhra Pradesh, the survey says. The NGO's programme coordinator Lata Singh said, \"The most distressing finding of the survey was that more than half of the children use whiteners to smell, cough syrups and other medicines daily.\"She said a new runaway child has also arrived at station. He was not addicted to various substances but start taking whiteners and other substances within 24 hours in company of the other children already living at the railway station. \"A proper system is needed which could help these children give up the habit of using various substances. Also rehabilitation is needed for the children after they got completely treated,\" Singh said.The survey shows that half of the 120 children belonged to Bihar, Bengal, UP, Andhra Pradesh and other states. Half of them are also living with their families near the railway station but some of them are single orphans. A social justice and empowerment department official confirmed that there is no dedicated de-addition programme for runaway children at station. But there are registered NGOs working at the station which are funded by the department.Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights chairperson Deepak Kalra said, \"We have informed the social justice and empowerment department about the situation of children living at railway station through a letter.\"The survey shows that these runaway children spend 50-60% of their earnings from selling empty water bottles for substance abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946681", "title": "MSCERT gets 10k responses to proposed changes in syllabus", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Council of Education Research and Training (MSCERT) has received over 10,000 responses regarding the changes proposed in the curricula for standard I to VIII. A draft of the new curricula was put up on the website and discussions were held by MSCERT with experts and stakeholders in the field.State education minister Rajendra Darda has set December 7 as deadline for submitting a final draft to the education department for classes I and II. The curricula will be implemented in phases, beginning with standards I and II from 2013-14 academic year. The new curricula for remaining classes will be implemented subsequently.Within a month's time of the curricula being displayed on the website, nearly 1,774 suggestions and objections were received through email, 7,000 were received by post and 2,276 suggestions and objections were put forward during the discussions conducted by regional directorate of education, N K Jarag, director of MSCERT, said.Jarag said the council will consider apt suggestions and change the syllabus accordingly. The MSCERT has designed the new curricula based on the National Curriculum Framework, 2010. The curriculum was last changed in 2005. \"The new curriculum will be implemented in phases beginning from the next academic year,\" he added.In the first phase, curriculum for standards I and II will be implemented in 2013-14 academic year, curriculum for standards III, V and VII will be changed in the 2014-15, while for standards IV, VI and VIII, it will be implemented from 2015-16 academic year.Once the final draft of curricula for std I and II is submitted to the state government by December 7, it will be reviewed by experts and by January the curricula will be finalised based on the final draft which will be ready for implementation from the 2013-14 academic year.Jarag said, \"At the lower primary level, emphasis will be on developing the mother tongue and the compulsory language of students through elocution, interaction, reading and writing. At the higher primary level, besides trying to strengthen mother tongue, we want to enhance language skills in Hindi and English.\"The curriculum also plans to strengthen scientific skills. The aim is to encourage students to observe, compare, experiment and come up with solutions. Preservation and conservation of environment will be the main focus of environment education, while students will also be sensitised about terrorism, corruption and population explosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16946643", "title": "Father hunts for missing son", "text": "BANGALORE: CK Goutham, a II PU student of Vijaya Composite College, has been missing for three days. He went for tuition on Saturday morning on his father's motorbike but did not return.His father, CS Kumar, a BBMP revenue inspector, said his son left behind his cellphone at home and they have not been able to make contact with him since then.Goutham called a friend from a public telephone, asked about his parents and how they were doing without him. When the friend asked him where he was, Goutham hung up. Since he left home, there have been no calls or text messages to his mobile, said Kumar.Kumar said his son hadn't gone for tuitions for almost a month and resumed only on Thursday.\"On Saturday morning, when Goutham woke up, I told him I'd go with him. I gave him Rs 5,000 for tuition fees and the bike. I went with him. He dropped me in front of Lalbagh Siddapura gate and went to his tuition centre,\" said Kumar.Goutham usually returned home from tuition by 8.30am. But on Saturday, when he didn't return even at 10am, the father grew anxious and started searching for him.When he couldn't find the boy, he filed complaint with the Siddapura police. \"Police initially said he was in Chennai and later, they said he was in Maharashtra. I really don't know how to find my son,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16954313", "title": "Money stolen from bank account by changing debit card", "text": "SURAT: Two miscreants stole Rs 55,800 from bank account of a person by changing his debit card. The victim could realise the theft after six days and approached police.Kishan Bhargav had gone to withdraw cash from State Bank of India's ATM on Aai Mata Road on October, 18, afternoon. He was not able to withdraw cash from the ATM after which he asked for helped from two youth present at the ATM. The youth inserted Bhargav's card in the ATM and entered the PIN number. The youth informed Bhargav that the card is not working and returned the card. Bhargav left ATM with the card and on Wednesday he realised that the debit card with him is of someone else.He checked his account balance and found that Rs 55,800 is removed from is account. He lodged a compliant in Puna Gam police station. During police investigation it was revealed that the accused youth did not return original card to Bhargav and handed over debit card of someone else. They kept Bhargav's card with them and collected cash from Bhargav's account from different ATMs in the city.The miscreants came to know about Bhargav's PIN number as they tried twice to withdraw cash for Bhargav in his presence. Police are checking video footage of CCTV installed in the ATM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946293", "title": "Aya Nagar pond buried under garbage, muck", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sight is far from pleasing. Household waste and sewage water have amalgamated into a huge pile of garbage on a two-acre plot. This isn't the description of a landfill site. It's a pond in Aya Nagar that has turned into a dumping ground, owing to continuous neglect on the part of civic authorities. At a time when the capital is witnessing a surge in the number of dengue cases, the area is serving as a breeding ground for mosquitoes.\"It's not really a pond. It's a dumping site. Even sewage water is making its way into it. Three cows died here last week after being trapped in the swamp. We have repeatedly complained to civic authorities but no action has been taken. When we approached South Delhi Municipal Corporation but the agency refused to take responsibility for the mess. Officials said DDA is responsible for the pond's maintenance,\" said Ved Pal, president, Aya Nagar RWA.This isn't the only pond in the city dying a slow death. Water bodies across the city are fast disappearing and municipal corporations haven't taken any steps to maintain them despite a high court on the issue. \"It is not the corporations' job to maintain water bodies. Either the Delhi government's flood and irrigation department or DDA looks after them,\" said Mukesh Yadav, director, press and information, South corporation. Interestingly, the erstwhile MCD had earmarked Rs 50 lakh for the upkeep of water bodies in last year's budget.HC had instructed DDA to take action against private parties which had connected sewer lines to the pond. But, DDA and the corporations have been passing the buck as far as the maintenance of water bodies is concerned. DDA says that all areas which contain water bodies have been transferred to the corporations. \"Only lakes fall under DDA's ambit. Smaller water bodies have been given to the corporations,\" said DDA spokesperson, Neemo Dhar.Recently, health department officials of one of the corporations found mosquito larvae breeding at a Najafgarh pond. \"Many areas lack a proper drainage system. Since sewage enters water bodies they turn into breeding grounds for the insects,\" said a source.Times viewThe MCD has for a few years now been very meticulous in sending out squads to check for mosquito breeding in private homes. Perhaps it should focus more on ensuring that public spaces are kept free of the menace. Water-logged public spaces and open drains are too common a sight to excite any comment from the capital's residents, but they do provide fertile breeding grounds for all kinds of health hazards. A civic authority that insists on individual citizens maintaining cleanliness in their homes and neighbourhoods carries little credibility if it itself has such a poor record of sanitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16954543", "title": "Chief minister's free medicine distribution scheme from next month", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister's free medicine distribution scheme will be implemented in all the government hospitals in the state from next month. Generic medicines will be made available to patients free of cost in the state's 1,595 government hospitals. The information was given at a meeting chaired by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here on Thursday. Chief Secretary R Parasuram was also present on the occasion.Medicine distribution centres are being set up in the hospitals to distribute free of cost medicines. Chouhan said a transparent and accountable arrangement should be made for purchase and distribution of medicines. List of available medicines should be displayed at all the hospitals. Special attention should be paid to medicines' quality. The scheme should be monitored constantly. Chouhan directed to launch a campaign for filling up the vacant posts of doctors. He said health camps should be organised systematically.It was informed that 147 types of generic medicines will be made available free of cost at government hospitals under the chief minister's free medicine distribution scheme. Online stock management and medicines' quality testing arrangements have also been made under the scheme. Information about the scheme will be disseminated up to village level. Under the scheme, free of cost medicines will also be made available in the medical colleges under the medical education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16946602", "title": "Goans day out in palace city", "text": "MYSORE: This year, Vijayadashami procession was witnessed by special guests, Goenkars ( Goans) who arrived here in a one-day special train on Wednesday.\"It was my wish to witness the jumbo savari. I have heard a lot about it and seen on TV,\" says S S Ole, who boarded the special train from Ponda (Goa) station.Ole says the journey was tiresome, but after watching the spectacular jumbo savari, all the pain vanished.\"One of my friends told about the special train to Mysore being operated this Dasara season. I did not want to miss the opportunity and booked a ticket,\" says 50-year-old Ole. Jayanthi Meher Nayak, a homemaker from Panjim (Goa), said it was really Karnataka's carnival.Jayanthi Meher, who fell in love with the city after the first visit during her honeymoon, said the festival mood is infectious. All the streets come alive with colors, lively processions and graceful cultural performances, she said.When asked whether she was aware of the protests or plan to keep this year's festival a low-key affair, she said: \" I heard about it, despite I made the plan.\"SPECIAL TRAINTo facilitate tourists from Goa, the South Western Railway authorities operated a one-day special train from Vasco (Goa) to Mysore on the eve of Vijayadashami Day. The train from Vasco (Goa) arrived in Mysore at 12.30 pm and returned the same evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16947457", "title": "Farmers protest govt\u2019s \u2018land-grab\u2019 for lignite project", "text": "JAISALMER: Protesting against the acquisition of 4,744 bighas from seven villages for the first phase of Shivkar lignite project, affected farmers under the Legal Mitra Sanstha launched a dharna outside the Barmer district collectorate on Wednesday.Earlier, the farmers had taken out a silent march from Gandhi Chowk to the collector's office. The general public too participated against the government's non-transparent land acquisition policy. The e farmers and Legal Mitra's secretary Ritesh Sharma submitted a 45-page memorandum to district collector Bhanu Prakash Atru and later sat for the dharna. Sharma claimed that the government on the pretext of public interest is acquiring land according to \"its whims and fancies. Sharma said it is not fair to deprive farmers from animal husbandry and agriculture . \"The government is not explaining the reason why so much of land is being acquired and which projects would get benefits,\" he added.Chagan Singh Rathore, a farmer, said his fraternity will not fall in the \"trap\" of government. He said the government has been misguiding farmers in the name of national interest, but \"this time farmers will give a fitting reply\" . Raghuveer Singh Tamlor, president of a students' union, said the government should acquire land as per requirement. \"By snatching everything from farmers, the government is meting out atrocity on them. The government should first clarify on why the land of Shivkar belt is being acquired. The state is hiding the facts while making efforts to acquire the land,\" Tamlor claimed.The administration has kept October 25, 26 and 29 for public hearing for acquiring land under Section 5, but it has not explained which projects the lignite mining will support. It aims to acquire 11,206 bighas from around12 villages in Barmer for Shivkar lignite project and 5,000 people are expected to be affected .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16954084", "title": "Youth jailed for seven years for shooting at rickshawpuller", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth has been sentenced to seven years in jail by a Delhi court for trying to kill a rickshawpuller by opening fire at him for demanding fare.District judge (DJ) JR Aryan also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on northeast Delhi resident Furkan after holding him guilty of attempting to murder 33-year-old Ashok, who died later during the trial of the case.\"Victim (Ashok) in the present case was a rickshawpuller and firearm bullet injury was caused to him by accused (Furkan) when victim demanded rickshaw fare for having carried accused and other two boys in his rickshaw.\"The offence is grave and circumstances in which it has been committed also suggest a depraved brain committed to criminal activity,\" the court said.Ashok was shot at his head and was rushed to a hospital from where he was discharged a few days later after his condition turned stable. He was taken to his native place in Uttar Pradesh where he died later during the trial.The court, however, absolved the accused of the murder charges for want of the evidence that the victim died of the gunshot injury.\"As regards charge under section 302 of the IPC, we do not have any evidence if gunshot suffered by the victim (Ashok) was an ultimate cause for his death as came to be referred from medical reports ... None of the medical reports suggest that condition of the victim had became vulnerable,\" the judge said.According to the prosecution, Furkan, along with his two associates, had shot at Ashok in January 2009 after the victim had demanded fare from them for carrying them on his rickshaw.The court, in its judgement, relied upon the statement of a prosecution witness, who was also an eye-witness to the incident and had told teh court that Furkan along with his two accomplices had shot Ashok in his head and had fled the spot.The police told the court that one of Furkan's associates, who was a juvenile, was apprehended on the basis of a tip off and during the interrogation he said that he along with Furkan and one of his friends had committed the crime.Furkan was apprehended by the police in February 2009 in some other criminal case and in the test identification parade (TIP), the eye witness of the incident identified him as the assailant who had shot at Ashok.During the trial, Furkan denied the allegations against him and said he was picked up by the police from his house and was falsely implicated in the case.The court, however, after going through the evidence and statement of the prosecution witnesses, convicted him for the offence punishable under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946539", "title": "An officer and a philanthropist", "text": "JAIPUR: The city has no dearth of angels when it comes to helping the downtrodden, but Bharatpur district collector Gyan Prakash Shukla's efforts to help one-month-old Damini and her rickshaw puller father Bablu has been exceptional.Soon after the reading Bablu and Damini's plight on TOI, he searched for them and got the girl treated in one of the best hospitals.The Bharatpur officer is in town to meet baby Damini at the Fortis hospital. The officer himself was moved when Bablu touched his feet.Speaking to TOI about his efforts to help the infant, Shukla said, \"I had read a news item on the condition of Bablu on October 19. Since he was of my district, I thought of finding him and meeting him. When I met him, he was looking for a pediatrician as his daughter was ill.\"\"Mainey Socha thaa Damini ka dhayan rakhna Devi Maata kaa aadesh hai (I just thought that taking care of Damini was a wish from the Godess Durga).\"Initially Dr Ashok Garg, a pediatrician in Bharatpur, took the girl in his custody and started giving her medication for a few days.\"On October, 21 the doctor told me that the girl was not responding well to the treatment and she needs to be referred to some big hospital in Jaipur. Immediately after that I spoke to chief secretary C K Mathew and principal secretary (medical and health) Deepak Upreti. After a discussion, it was finalized that the girl should get her treatment at Fortis hospital, Jaipur and it was decided that the government will bear her expenses,\" Shukla added.Recalling his experience in the last one week, Shukla termed it an 'all time best' experience while working in the government.\"I was determined to tell people at large that government can reach to the poorest of the poor as there is a common perception the government is only for the rich people,\" he added.Satisfied with the improving health of Damini, he said, \"The girl is recovering fast. Her weight has increased and the blood pressure is normal. If she continues to recover at the same pace, hopefully, she would be out of the hospital within a week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16945504", "title": "Maradona flags off Boby Chemmanur Airlines", "text": "KANNUR: Argentine football legend Diego Maradona on Wednesday flagged off the low-cost helicopter service, launched by Chemmanur International Jewellers at a gala function here. State home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan was the first traveller in this chopper service named Boby Chemmanur Airlines, which plans to connect main business and pilgrim centres inside and outside Kerala.Maradona also inaugurated the Kannur showroom of Chemmanur International Jewellers as well as the 101st branch of Chemmanur Gold Loan.The group has launched an array of charity programmes on Wednesday. These initiatives include financial aid to women entrepreneurs, free wheelchairs to physically challenged people, financial support to students from financially backward families, distribution of livestock to poor families to support self employment, pension scheme for traditional goldsmiths, and ambulance service for poor in the district, among others.In addition, the group announced the extension of its free community-wedding programme to Kannur district. It also said that nearly 5000 employees of Chemmanur International have pledged to donate their organs.Apart from Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan and sports minister K Ganeshkumar, people's representatives and political leaders from the district also attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16946225", "title": "RSS flaunts its moral values", "text": "HUBLI: The RSS on Wednesday tried to be different from other entities, including political parties, by reaffirming that it stood for morality and nation-building and not money-making like some others.Addressing swayamsevaks at the Nehru Stadium here after the annual route march, senior RSS leader Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat said: \"We teach morality. Some other people work to make money.'' He appealed to parents to make their children swayamsevaks. \"We'll mould them in a good way,'' he added.He spoke of the threat to the threats by Pakistani and Bangladeshi immigrants and Naxals. \"It's time to wake up and put up a united fight,'' he said.Every Vijayadashami day, the RSS organizes a route march in the city. On Wednesday, around 1,500 swayamsevakas, in two groups, marched on major roads. BJP MP Prahlad Joshi and MLA Veerabhadrappa Halaharavi took part in it. Both groups began from Nehru Stadium. One group, after marching through Sangolli Rayyanna Circle, Dajibanpeth, Pendar Galli, Shankar Mutt, Kanchagar Galli, Bhoosapeth and Javalisal, joined another group at Durgadbail. That group came from JC Nagar, Coen Road, Station Road, Ghantikeri Oni, Agasar Oni, and Radhakrishna Galli. From there, both returned to the stadium.Along the way, swayamsevaks were cheered and showered with flowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945782", "title": "Banks must wait for peak season to auction mortgaged crops: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala High Court has ruled that banks should wait for the peak season rather than auctioning mortgaged commodities at the existing market prices.The ruling by Justice Antony Dominic came on a petition by Ansar Ali of Nenmara in Palakkad and other ginger farmers who defaulted on repayment of bank loans. They had approached the court after their bank -- the agricultural development branch of State Bank of India, Palakkad -- issued an auction notice for selling their crops mortgaged to the bank. They submitted to the court that the crops couldn't be sold due to adverse market conditions and they were now being stored at the state warehousing corporation.Advocate K Abdul Jawad, who appeared for them, submitted that the peak season for the commodity is in March. He argued that the farmers would be able to sell their products when the season starts and the debts could be settled then. He also pointed out that if the bank goes ahead with the auction now, it wouldn't be able to fetch a reasonable price as the market conditions are dull.The court held that the bank's interests will not be harmed as the crops are in the godown of warehousing corporation. Deferring the auction won't prejudice the bank as it can compensate by levying interest from the farmers, it said.The court asked the bank to keep in abeyance the proposed auction until March next year, by which time the farmers should discharge their liabilities. The bank will be entitled to continue with recovery proceedings if the farmers don't settle their dues by then, it ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16945230", "title": "Get behind wheels of his indigenous F1 simulator, enough to give you jitters", "text": "GURGAON: A sport like F1 makes for great spectacle. Watching the cars whoosh by, and listening to that turbocharged scream can make someone's day out there on the stands. But a sport this thrilling to look at cries out for further participation. Even the most casual of F1 viewers is pervaded by this desire to be more than a mere spectator. One wants to be where the real action is, inside the cockpit. Thanks to video-games and virtual reality. Or else one can take the route Alok Mohanty took, and build an F1 simulator, accurate enough to give you the jitters at all the right places at all the right times.Mohanty's simulator is as close as you will ever get to the track and behind the F1 wheel. Hooked up with an F1 video game on a high-speed computer, the whole affair initially looks commonplace enough. But then the driver's seat begins to rattle, rolling leftwards and yawing right, leaning front-ways or back - all depending on the virtual car's motion.\"In terms of how real this is. If a real F1 drive is 100 out of 100, and a computer game is 0. This simulator, I would say, is about 45,\" said Mohanty, who has come from his home-town Bangalore to Gurgaon with his machine.The idea for it struck him, he said, when he visited Germany and came across F1 simulators, which were excellent in quality and at the same time exorbitantly priced. \"They told me they were worth several lakhs. These were unbelievably unaffordable. So I lost my mind. Came home and decided to build my own.\" And for the task that then lay ahead, Mohanty's engineering degree from IIT Kharagpur came in handy.He improvised the parts of the machine, patching up a working model with pedals and steering wheel. But the main challenge was getting the 'force data' from the video game to manifest in the real world. In other words, all the forces acting upon the car within the game were to be transposed to the physical apparatus, that is the steering wheel and the seat.\"This was the main challenge. And there's a lot of physics involved in that work. I actually studied more physics and mathematics trying to build this than I did at the IIT.\" At present, Mohanty has two such machines, and plans to build more while perfecting the previous prototypes.\"An Formula 2 driver from India has also asked for one of these to practice on\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950627", "title": "Pay your tribute to Jaspal Bhatti", "text": "The 'Baadshaah of comedy and satire', Jaspal Bhatti is no more. The 57 year old breathed his last in Jalandhar after his car collided with a tree. Pioneer of satire and humour on small screen Jaspal Bhatti had a unique way of bringing to life the corruption prevailing in society in simplest yet intriguing way.His latest and unfortunately the last directed Punjabi movie, Power Cut is scheduled to release on Oct 26th.His death is a huge loss for the entire film industry.Pay your tribute to Jaspal Bhatti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946736", "title": "\u2018Must take in view city\u2019s requirements\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Are you being treated by a registered doctor or a quack? You will soon come to know about it, with the IMA, Chandigarh, generating a data on it. \"The next survey, which will commence soon, will focus on facilities, infrastructure, the doctor-patient ratio and registered medical practitioners,\" said Dr R S Bedi, IMA president, Chandigarh.After the Centre notified the Clinical Establishment (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010, all clinics came under its ambit from March 1. According to the act, all clinics will have to treat the emergency cases till they are stable and then refer them to other institutes.\"But, it will not be feasible for all clinics to have all specialists, as these are not hospitals,\" Dr Bedi added. \"The act must be according to the city's requirements, else the clinics would shut down. For instance, a chemist shop is not allowed in nursing homes here. But, the act makes it mandatory to provide emergency services for 24 hours. This is contradictory,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949853", "title": "Humaima Malick wins the South Asia Rising Star Award", "text": "Pakistani film actress Humaima Malick has won the first-ever South Asian Rising Star Film AwardsPakistani film actress Humaima Malick has won the first-ever South Asian Rising Star Film Awards, in the Best Lead Actress category, for her role in the film Bol. The awards were part of 9th annual South Asian International Film Festival; the largest entertainment gala related to South Asian entertainment industry to be held in the United States.Humaima who was competing with Bollywood actresses Tanishtha Chatterjee, Parineeta Chopra, Rasika Dugal and Preeti Desai in the Best Lead Actress category was over whelmed with the achievement. She said, \"I had no idea this role would earn so much recognition. It is an amazing honour to receive another award in a foreign land for a movie that is very close to my heart. I owe the entire team of BOL, Shoaib Mansoor and my family for this achievement.\"Nine categories had been announced in accordance with the 9th anniversary of SAIFF, New York for the first edition of awards. The award ceremony was hosted by Indian actress Sunny Leonne and US filmmaker Jay Chandrashekar, while the star studded jury included American actress and musician, Janina Gavankar; Indian film critic, Rajeev Mansand; front-man of Goldspot and singer/songwriter, Siddhartha Khosla; and American actor, Maulik Pancholy.Humaima has already received much acclaim and won accolades for her moving performance in Bol, at the Lux Style Award and in London Asian Film Festival. More recently, she has been nominated at the Asia Pacific Screen Award in Best Actress category, for which she would be competing with Indian actress Vidya Balan , for her work in The Dirty Picture.Piyali Dasgupta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947307", "title": "Former city beauty queen found dead in Mumbai", "text": "CHENNAI: Former Chennai beauty queen and actor Bidushi Dash Barde was found dead in her apartment in Mumbai on Monday night. The 23-year-old's blood-spattered body was discovered by her husband Kedar Barde when he returned from work around 9.30pm.Police first registered a case of accidental death, believing it resulted from a dizzy fall as Bidushi was known to have fainting spells reportedly brought on by her diabetes. But on Tuesday, based on the nature of the injuries , a case of murder was registered. According to police, Kedar found his wife's body in the passage between the bathroom and the bedroom and a glass shelf was lying broken near her. Shards of glass were protruding from the cheek, jaw, neck and chin. There were fingernail marks on the face and injuries to the head.Bidushi's father Shantanu Dash, a Chennai-based IAF warrant officer, told the police he first thought her death was accidental, but now believed she was \"murdered in cold blood\" . Bidushi, who began her modelling career as a 17-year-old in Chennai, was placed second runner-up in the 2006 Miss Chennai pageant and was part of a couple of Tamil movies, including 'Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu' . Health, financial problems troubled beauty queenChennai: The death of model Bidushi Dash Barde, a former Chennai beauty queen, in Mumbai on Monday has come as a shock to model coordinators and event managers who worked with her. On Wednesday , Shoba Ravishankar of Vibha , which organises the Miss Chennai pageants, said she remembered Bidushi as talented and determined.When she signed up, Bidushi informed Ravishankar that she was diabetic, but went through the training rigours. Realising that learning Tamil would get her better scores in the pageant, Bidushi, who was from Orissa, made sure she didn't miss a single language class. \"She signed on a few Tamil movies before she signed up for the pageant,\" said Ravishankar , adding that her illness had weakened her physically and emotionally.Bidushi spent her childhood in various parts of the country as her father, who was in the air force, was posted to different regions. The year 2006 seems to have been her best \u2014 she was a finalist at the Miss Chennai pageant, signed on ramp shows and landed a role in director Gautham Vasudev Menon's 'Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu' , ironically, that of a girl who is murdered. \"We screen tested several girls and picked her. But I did not get to work with her again,\" the director said. \"After 2006, her life was full of ups and downs,\" said Ravishankar. According to her, Bidushi was hospitalised in Chennai in 2011 after an accident. \"I messaged her a couple of times in the last couple of years asking if she wanted to do ramp shows and she would reply that she was not feeling well and had given up on work,\" said Ravishankar.Choreographer Sunil Menon , who did four shows with Bidushi after the pageant, said she was a \"sweet girl \" who led a \"troubled, tormented life\" . \"She had health issues and was on medication and often felt low,\" he said. \"She moved to Delhi but returned because she couldn't make it there. She wanted to do ramp and good ads,\" he said.\"She was not a close friend but she would call me and cry and tell me she felt her life was going nowhere,\" he said. Many others who worked with her said they had received phone calls last year from the actor and her family telling them about her medical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945257", "title": "\u2018Terrorist\u2019 call alert turns out to be family drama", "text": "MUMBAI: A call informing the police control room about the entry of three \"terrorists\" in the city turned out to be the fallout of a family fight. Soon after receiving the call, the state ATS, government railway police and special police force swung into action and detained the three \"terrorists\" at Bandra railway station.ATS sources said an unidentified caller informed the police that three \"terrorists\"\u2014Afsar, Mohsin and Waseem\u2014had boarded a train from New Delhi to Mumbai. The caller said the trio would reach Mumbai on October 13 and provided their description. \"With GRP help, we zeroed in on the suspects and brought them to ATS' Kalachowkie unit. According to an ATS source, on interrogation, it was revealed that Afsar was Mohsin and Waseem's stepfather. Afsar owns a bakery while the two brothers, Mohsin and Waseem, are carpenters. The trio reside in Manhood.Waseem and Mohsin have three sisters. Two years ago, their second sister, Chaman (24), got married to an Uttarakhand native, Javed Ahmed. However, Ahmed fell in love with Chaman's younger sister, Shama (17). \"On October 1, Ahmed eloped with Shama and the two have been untraceable. Waseem, Afsar and Mohsin went to Uttar Pradesh and Delhi to hunt for Shama and Ahmed, but did not succeed. They were returning to Mumbai on October 12, when the call was made to the police,\" said a source. \"After the interrogation, we found that the three were innocent. Their statements were recorded and we released them,\" said a police source.When asked whether Ahmed could be behind this call, ATS chief Rakesh Maria said, \"We are exploring all the angles and the probe is still on.\"Cops have traced the mobile number and have found that it has been registered in the name of a vegetable vendor, Godavari Waghmare. \"The caller had got hold of Waghmare's documents somewhere and procured the SIM card. It's a serious offence and we are trying to track down the culprit,\" said a police source. The number is now non-operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946575", "title": "Katju: Netas becoming intolerant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Politicians came in for sharp criticism from Press Council of India chief Markandey Katju, who on Wednesday said that the political leaders had been \"increasingly intolerant\" of the media.\"It is deeply regrettable that certain politicians are of late becoming increasingly intolerant towards the media, and are not behaving in a manner which is expected of them in a democracy,\" Katju said in a statement.He said the latest example of this \"undemocratic behaviour\" was the alleged statement of a senior politician that he will break the camera of a journalist when asked about some allegations against him. Katju added that this was not an isolated incident, and earlier a chief minister had accused a section of the media of dadagiri and \"spreading negative canards about the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946108", "title": "Team Mallya fears loss of personal jet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Will the Airports Authority of India (AAI) impound Kingfisher Airlines promoter Vijay Mallya's personal Airbus Corporate Jet (VT-VJM) if he returns to India?This sems to be worrying Mallya's personal staff. A top Kingfisher executive recently called a senior AAI official to 'jokingly' inquire if it was OK for Mallya to come home in the coming days \u2014 for the first time since the airline's licence was suspended.Mallya's staff is also worried about whether the air traffic control, which comes under AAI, would allow his jet to fly to its destination in India, most probably Bangalore, or ask it to land at the nearest airport on entering India and impound it.\"They possibly wanted to check these things to avoid embarrassment. We are studying legal options to impound VT-VJM as KFA has dues of about Rs 300 crore to AAI. Some cheques issued by Mallya have bounced. So we are treating it as a personal liability and are examining if his personal plane could be impounded,\" said a highly placed source.Apart from AAI, Kingfisher employees are also preparing to 'welcome' Mallya at the Formula One Grand Prix to be held later this week at Greater Noida. The Mallya co-owned team, Sahara Force India, is participating there amid reports that Mallya may take a chopper to the venue. The airline has not paid salaries since March.\"The management is promising us three months' pay by Diwali to get us back to work. We want four months' salary to be paid by 6pm on Friday. If that does not happen we will chart our course of action on Saturday. There will be peaceful protests at the F1 venue by unpaid Kingfisher employees,\" said S C Misra, a Delhi-based engineer spearheading the agitation.The employees are agitated by the fact that while they have not been paid their salaries, Mallya and his family continue to lead a \"lavish jet-setting\" life.\"Mallya must return to India and talk to us. We have no faith in the management (read CEO Sanjay Agarwal and some EVPs) that has constantly promised to pay us but not taken any concrete step in that direction,\" Misra said.Safety fears arising out of the belligerence of unpaid employees were among the main factors that forced aviation authorities to finally act against KFA by suspending its licence last Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16945156", "title": "Vasco cops nab gang of thieves, crack two cases", "text": "VASCO: The Vasco police on Wednesday nabbed a gang of four thieves who were involved in two thefts in the city. Police suspect their hand in more cases. The investigating officer, PSI Nikhil Playekar, acted on a tip-off from an informer.Palyekar said, \"We got information that a Nepali man was roaming with an LCD TV in Kattem-Baina, to sell it. Immediately, he was taken into custody.\" The accused, Paul Chema, 21, from Nepal , confessed to the theft and revealed the names of his accomplices. Later, Rahil alias Salman Shaikh, 21, from Kattem-Baina, Shaikh Abdulla Harif, 25 and Shaikh Abdul Akhif, 21 the latter two brothers, from Zuarinagar, were detained. Playekar said, \"There was theft at a Bungalow in Chicalim on Monday, and the LCD was robbed from its first floor, which the accused was trying to sell.\" The LCD costs around 16,000.The group also confessed to looting the computer lab of the Government higher secondary school, Baina on October 11. Material worth almost 1 lakh was stolen from the lab. Police told TOI, \"The accused are matriculates and unemployed.\" Chema and Rahil Shaikh have remanded to police custody and the Zuarinagar duo will be produced before the JMFC on Thursday. Police are in the process of recovering other stuff which was looted. The team comprised PSI Playekar and constables Vikram Khanolkar and Purshottam Naik, who were under the supervision of PI Rupendra Shetgaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16947540", "title": "US president race set to go down to the wire", "text": "WASHINGTON: Various poll surveys ahead of the November 6 US presidential elections have come out with mixed results, indicating towards a possibly close contest between incumbent Barack Obama and his Republican rival Mitt Romney .While a survey by the Gallup daily tracking poll has given Romney a five point lead over Obama, RealClearPolitics, which keeps track of all major national polls, finds the race more closer, with Romney leading by less than a point (0.9%) against Obama.According to the rolling seven-day average through October 22 by Gallup, Romney is supported by 51% of the voters while Obama has got the support of 46% of respondents. It is the seven consecutive day that Romney has held lead of five and more points advantage over Obama.The Republican leads by four points as per Rasmussen Reports, while in ABC News Washington Post, his lead is just one point. However according to Investor's Business Daily/TIPP Presidential Daily tracking poll, Obama lead by two points over rival Romney. All these points do not take into account the Monday's debate. Earlier, The Washington Post had on Tuesday said that there are \"fledging signs of a fresh advantage\" for Romney.\"Asked whom they trust on the economy , 50% of likely voters say Romney while 45% side with the President.\"That's the first time this fall that either candidate has had even an apparent edge on the clear number one issue on voters' minds,\" the daily said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16946456", "title": "60% of Gujarat BJP MLAs face axe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Narendra Modi is banking on his time-tested no-repeat formula in the upcoming assembly polls. As he battles a decade of incumbency, the Gujarat CM has communicated to the top brass of his party that while he continues to enjoy crowd support, there is resentment against a large number of MLAs in their respective areas.The chief minister has been giving indications of dropping sitting MLAs for some time now. At a recent party meeting held at Koba, he told senior colleagues that presiding deities keep on changing in keeping with festivals. \"We pray to Lord Ganesh during Ganesh Chaturthi and Goddess Amba during Navratri. This doesn't mean that we lose faith in Ganeshji during Navratri or vice versa. Elections are like a festival where the party's interest is above any individual. Faces may change but our faith in party should not shake,\" Modi told the elite group of leaders.The party think-tank is considering replacing about 60% of sitting legislators. While Modi's formula may have yielded good results in the past, this time around it may not be a cakewalk, especially with Keshubhai Patel offering an option to BJP dissidents.Many BJP legislators, who fear an axe, have started building bridges with Patel for a ticket from Gujarat Parivartan Party, an outfit floated by the rebel leader to fight Modi.The BJP has already categorised winnability in all assembly seats depending on the anti-incumbency against local legislators. \"The CM has told us to appease those who are left out and ensure that they do not create any trouble during elections,\" said a senior BJP leader who was present at a meeting recently held at Shantiniketan in Ahmedabad.It was during Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation elections in 2005 that Modi had shocked partymen by replacing 90% of candidates, leading to a landslide victory \u2014 AMC was controlled by Congress then. Modi did not stop here. He tried the same formula in civic body polls in Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot, Jamnagar and Bhavnagar and got same results. Again, he had changed 40% sitting MLAs in 2007 assembly polls and followed it up with a similar experiment in civic body polls in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945579", "title": "Apartments to reduce power consumption", "text": "KOCHI: Many city apartments are on a mission to cut down their electricity consumption following a directive from the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) to the high tension (HT) and extra high tension (EHT) consumers to reduce power consumption to 75% during peak hours.In an attempt to reduce power consumption many of them are operating only half the number of elevators in the apartments. KSEB said the electricity connection for common facilities in the apartments falls under the HT category.An office bearer of Abad Oriental Gardens said following the board's notice they had cut down the use of elevators in the apartment complex from 10am to 6pm for the last one week.The apartment had complied in the past too when the board issued a similar directive. But depending on the requirement they are operating all the elevators, he said.\"We have already conveyed a meeting of the HT and EHT consumers and there will be more at the divisional and circle levels. As per the plan, meter readings were taken on 12th of the month and will be taken on November 12 again in order to check whether there is any real reduction in consumption during peak hours,\" said V V Sathyarajan, chief engineer, distribution, D H Road.He said details of the consumers who have failed to reduce consumption would be published in the website of the KSEB. \"It will also be forwarded to the electricity regulatory commission and the commission will decide on the next steps,\" he said. Interestingly, many apartments are still not aware of the notice of the board even as it claimed that all the HT and EHT consumers had been informed of the decision. \"We are yet to receive any information from the KSEB,\" said Holy Faith Apartments and Manor residents' association secretary Sunoj George.Kochi: Many city apartments are on a mission to cut down their electricity consumption following a directive of the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) to the high tension (HT) and extra high tension (EHT) consumers to reduce power consumption to 75 per cent during peak hours.In an attempt to reduce the power consumption many of them are operating only half the number of elevators in the apartments. KSEB said that the electricity connection for common facilities in the apartments fall under the HT category. It said that the consumers are required to slashAn office bearer of Abad Oriental Gardens said following the board's notice they have cut down the use of elevators in the apartment complex from 10am to 6pm for the last one week. The apartment had complied in the past too when the board issued a similar directive. But depending on the requirement they are operating all the elevators, he said.\"We have already conveyed a meeting of the HT and EHT consumers and there will be more at the divisional and circle levels. As per the plan, meter readings were taken on 12th of the month and will be taken on November 12 again in order to check whether there is any real reduction in consumption during peak hours,\" said V V Sathyarajan, chief engineer, distribution, D H Road. He added that details of the consumers who have failed to reduce consumption would be published in the website of the KSEB. \"It will also be forwarded to the electricity regulatory commission and the commission will decide the next steps,\" he said.Interestingly, many apartments are still not aware of the notice of the board even as it claimed that all the HT and EHT consumers were informed of the decision. \"We are yet to receive any information from the KSEB,\" said, Sunoj George, secretary, Holy Faith Apartments and Manor Residents' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945139", "title": "Funds flow via maze into Gadkari firms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The questions over the source of funds to Nitin Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Ltd have deepened, with investigations revealing that money flowed in from a multi-layered maze of companies registered all over India.A TOI report on Tuesday had mentioned some two dozen companies, many with unverifiable addresses, whose directors included Gadkari's driver and astrologer.A closer look at the documents filed with the Registrar of Companies reveals a far more intricate web, with several entities ranged behind each company.A preliminary assessment suggests that the total number of companies and individuals involved in funding Purti through the multi-layered operation may run into more than 100. TOI investigations show that layers of companies feeding funds into Purti, which have no known financial activity or source of income, can run six deep.Take the case of Update Mercantile which, as per official records, held 29 lakh Purti shares on September 28, 2011. Update Mercantile in turn is controlled by 39 shareholders including both Gadkari's driver Manohar Panse and accountant Kwadu Zade.Funding pattern shows clever financial brainsThe biggest shareholder in Update Mercantile is Anantika Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, a company with its address as Motlibai Wadia Building in Mumbai. With 10,000 shares, Anantika has a 9.24% stake in Update Mercantile.Anantika Infrastructure, in turn, was owned by 13 entities in September 2011\u2014 two individuals and 11 companies. Of these 11 companies, nine are based in Kolkata and two in Delhi. One of the Delhi companies, Fast Buildwell, is registered in a flat in west Delhi's Dwarka area.This may be baffling by itself. However, the layer of mysterious companies does not end there, and in fact deepens from there.All the 2,72,750 shares in Fast Buildwell are held by 17 companies. Of them, 12 are based in Kolkata, four in Delhi and one in Mumbai. One of the shareholders in Fast Buildwell is a Delhi-based company called King Buildwell which is registered in Munirka village in south Delhi. King Buildwell, in turn, is controlled by two individuals based in Kolkata.The flow of funds, through a web of companies without any known financial activity and individuals, raises several questions. The BJP has defended its president saying Gadkari is open to any investigation, while the ministry of corporate affairs says it has already started a discreet inquiry.The funding pattern clearly shows clever financial brains behind the entire strategy. However, it is yet to be explained why amounts as little as a few lakhs were routed into Purti through such multi-layered activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946666", "title": "Festivities clog roads in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sights and sounds of victory filled the air at Dussehra grounds across the city on Wednesday evening. While dense crowds cheered for victory of good over evil as Ravan effigies went up in flames, the situation looked glum on roads. Deafening honks and vehicles braking and tailgating each other was everywhere, and the traffic holdups were worse especially in sectors 8, 9, 17, 22, 19, 18, 20 and 46.The internal road connecting sectors 27, 19, 18 and 17 was clogged and Madhya Marg experienced heavy traffic. Wheels rolling in from everywhere kept cops busy signaling vehicles trying their best to manage the haphazard situation at various roundabouts and traffic lights.Though festivities are a time to rejoice, commuters were not too happy. \"It took us nearly 15 minutes at the sectors 17-22 traffic lights. Since we never found any parking space, we watched the burning of Ravan effigy from a distance, sitting in our car,\" said Sanjog Mehta who was stationed near the parade ground with his family.A large number of cops were deployed at Dussehra venues to ensure law and order, and to keep a track of any possible anti-social elements. Deputy superintendent of police (traffic) Kamaldeep Singh said: \"We are doing our best to keep vehicles moving. A large police force has been put to work at sensitive areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16944934", "title": "Legendary Maradona speaks global language of football", "text": "KANNUR: That football speaks a uniform language was yet again exemplified at the Kannur stadium by Diego Maradona and Indian soccer star IM Vijayan.The two don't speak English. While Maradona speaks Spanish, Vijayan speaks Malayalam and a bit of Hindi. Despite the language barrier, the two football stars communicated brilliantly and effectively on Wednesday through a common medium called football.Vijayan was introduced to Maradona as Kerala's biggest football star. Maradona promptly summoned Vijayan for a game of football. But due to security constraints, the two had to settle for a round of headball on the stage.Maradona headed the ball towards Vijayan while the latter headed it back to the Argentine soccer legend. Their exchange continued six times before a Vijayan header went wide and Maradona had to catch the ball with his hands.Maradona went up to Vijayan and hugged him. The two then turned towards the crowd and waved at them. \"I don't speak English. Nor does Maradona. But we communicated through the medium called football,\" the former India captain said with a glint in his eye.\"India has not won a football World Cup. But the scenes in this stadium are such as if we have won a World Cup. We have been blessed by the presence of Maradona,\" said IM Vijayan.Former India stars and Vijayan's teammates Jo Paul Ancheri and U Sharaf Ali too were present to greet the legend. \"It is a big day for me and a big day for football fans in Kerala. Maradona doesn't communicate in our language but people have turned out in large numbers because of their love for a legend,\" Ancheri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945733", "title": "Children initiated into world of letters", "text": "KOCHI: Celebrating Vijayadashami, the vidyarambham ceremony - which marks the end of Navratri celebrations in Kerala with the initiation of children to the world of letters- was held in various venues across the city. Temples, churches and various organizations organized programmes to celebrate the day in all its traditional ceremony.In Dakshina Mookambika Temple in North Paravur around 4,500 children attended the ceremony.Thousands of kids were present at Chottanikkara Bhagavathy Temple on Wednesday. Temple chief priest Damodaran Namboothiripad led the ceremony held at the nadappura here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16946461", "title": "Demon king\u2019s Raj descendants mourn", "text": "JODHPUR: Effigies of Ravana are burnt on Dussehra all across the country, but in one corner of the city here, the mythological demon king will be meted out all respect and reverence by a group of persons claiming to be his descendants. Here, Ravana is worshipped everyday in a temple constructed by these \"descendants\".As the legend goes, Ravana was married to Mandodari, daughter of the king of Mandawar, known as Mandor now, a picturesque garden some 11km from Jodhpur city. It was situated on the bank of the mythological river Saraswati then.According to Ajay Dave, a priest at the temple, some of Ravana's relatives stayed back after the wedding here. \"They always considered him a sublime, benevolent and mighty soul and revered him. This practice continued here with their stay,\"Dave said.He said earlier all of the descendants used to worship the demon king at their homes but in 2008, they constructed a temple and installed a statue of Ravana. This six-and-half feet statue made of Jodhpur sandstone cost Rs 1.5 lakh. Since then, he is worshiped twice everyday in the temple.On the day of Dussehra, when the entire nation mark the day as the victory of good over evil, (with Ravana symbolizing the evil), these \"descendants\" from Dave Godha clan mourn never go to watch him burn. \"We wait until the effigy is completely burnt and we all take bath in our respective homes, dress ourselves in washed cloths, assemble in the temple and offer special prayer to him with flowers, sweets amidst religious chanting invoking the Ravana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16953042", "title": "Iresh, Anustup guide East to 2nd successive Duleep title", "text": "CHENNAI: Bengal's left-arm spinner Iresh Saxena and part-time leg-break bowler Anustup Majumdar shared nine wickets amongst themselves as East Zone won their second successive Duleep Trophy title beating Central Zone by virtue of 43-run first innings lead.In reply to East Zone's first innings score of 232, almost all the Central batsmen barring opener Tanmay Srivastava found it difficult to survive on a slow track which also offered appreciable turn as they were shot out for 189 in 83.5 overs.Srivastava made a patient 94 off 252 balls with eight fours and was Iresh's fifth victim as he gave a simple catch to Ishank Jaggi at forward short-leg to become ninth central batsman to get out.Left-arm spinner Iresh had career-best figures of five for 58 while Majumdar, who had done the star turn with bat during their maiden triumph last season, bamboozled the opposition with his leg-breaks and googlies to end with 4/29 in 7.5 overs.The East Zone team management had read the pitch wrong when they left out leg-spinner Samar Quadri with only Saxena being the specialist slow bowler but it didn't take too long for skipper Natraj Behera to understand that spin was the key on the final day.The turning point came when Behra handed the ball to Anustup in the 70th over which tilted the match decisively in East's favour. He immediately got Rawat caught behind with leg-break and his googly got rid of the dangerous Bhuvneshwar Kumar (0). From 147 for four, they were suddenly 165 for seven. There wasn't any looking back for the East after that.Starting the day at 74 for two, Robin Bist (2) became the first batsman to be dismissed as he got short-pitched delivery from Basant Mohanty which kicked up as Dheeraj Jadhav at gully took the catch.Iresh, got his third victim when scratchy Ashok Menaria pushed at a flighted delivery to be caught at first slip.At 97 for four, Mahesh Rawat (22) joined Srivastava as they added 50 runs in the next 20 overs where East couldn't make any inroads before Anustup's twin strike and Iresh dismissing Jalaj Saxena proved to be vital.Man-of-the-match Ishank Jaggi also praised the bowlers for their lion-hearted effort.\"I happy to have contributed to team's cause but at the same time would like to congratulate the bowlers for their brilliant effort. For me, sticking to the wicket was key and I did just that. I got an able partner in SP Gautam who encouraged me to go for my shots. Also the performance against tail-enders in the South Zone game gave me confidence,\" a delighted Jaggi said after the match.Skipper Natraj Behra did admit that he had \"never seen Anustup bowl in a competitive match.\"\"I have never seen him bowl in a competitive game. When he got one wicket, he said that he wanted to bowl more. I will certainly tell him to continue bowling leg-spinners,\" the soft-spoken Natraj said while collecting the coveted trophy.Brief Scores: East Zone 232 &amp; 8/0. Central Zone 189 in 83.5 overs (Tanmay Srivastava 94, Iresh Saxena 5/58. Anustup Majumdar 4/29). East won by virtue of 43-run 1st innings lead.It has been learnt that the ceremony will take place in Mumbai on November 21, two days before the commencement of the second India-England Test at the Wankhede Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16944990", "title": "5-feet long cobra bitten by street dogs, rescued", "text": "COIMBATORE: A cobra which was bitten by street dogs was rescued by snake catcher Ameen Badusha on Tuesday evening. The cobra which is around five feet long had injury marks on its body and was rescued from Peelamedu near Hopes College on Tuesday evening after residents reported the incident.I Jalaluddin, the president of Nature Conservation Society (NCS) said that they reached the spot after being informed by residents of the reptile. He reached the spot with Ameen, a trained snake catcher who rescued the snake. \"When we got there, we saw that the reptile was attacked by stray dogs. It had around three wounds on its back, stomach and tail,\" he said.The wound will have to be treated with antibiotics and after healing they would release it into the forests, he said. They also rescued a Russell viper, a common krait, both of which are highly venomous snakes and a rat snake from different parts of the city on Tuesday and Wednesday.As usual, snakes are known to frequent the city during the rainy season. Jalaluddin said that in the last one week alone, they had rescued around 15 snakes from the city.Similarly, other rescuers had also rescued several snakes. If healthy, they are released into the forest with permission from forest officials. If wounded, they have to be treated first and then released into the forest. If they are permanently wounded, they are handed over to the corporation zoo.Wild life activists say that if snakes are observed, they should not be harmed.\"If they are not threatened they will not attack people. It is better to observe them from a distance and inform the forest personnel or some trained rescuer. \"They will reach the spot and capture them,\" said Jalaluddin. Ameen Badusha can be contacted on 9047531628.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16946590", "title": "Savari leaves tourists in awe", "text": "MYSORE: The festive spirit emerged the winner at the end of the day as Dasara pulled crowds of local and foreign tourists despite Cauvery protests threatening to dampen celebrations.There were large groups of foreign tourists near the Mysore Palace as well as near Chamaraja Wadiyar circle. The tourists were largely from UK, France, Holland, Estonia and other parts of world.Erick, an engineer working for Bosch in Bangalore, was in Mysore with his wife Anna and in-laws to see the festival. Speaking to TOI, Anna gushed that the procession was simply impressive. \"I was mesmerized by the golden howdah mounted on the elephant and continuous firing of cannons. Back in our country, elephants are not used in any of the festivals,\" she said.She went on to add that she had read of Dasara in several books and travelogues and decided to grab the opportunity to come to Mysore while her husband worked in Bangalore. Erick moved to Bangalore in August this year.Clad in a silk saree, Estonian Agnes said: \"Mysoreans have to be proud of the rich culture they possess.\" She was part of a five-member group from Europe who were in Mysore to watch the NadaHabba. Though it was her third visit to Mysore, Annelie Sleystar from Holland was never a part of Dasara celebrations.Jack from France said he was supposed to visit India in August but his friends asked him to visit in October instead. \"I thought I will enjoy at the beaches in Goa, but while surfing on the internet I read about Mysore Dasara. I never experienced such royal celebrations in other countries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16945816", "title": "Steps should be taken for even development of the country", "text": "The fact that two of India's cities will be ranked among the three biggest in the world soon is not really something to celebrate. Quite apart from the question of what kind of pressure this will put on urban amenities in these two cities, it highlights a serious problem. Clearly, a handful of cities still remain the biggest magnets for those seeking economic opportunities in India. This is neither a desirable nor a sustainable model of development. Many more cities need to play that role and the countryside too needs to be made capable of providing meaningful opportunities. That will lead to a more even development of the whole country and hence also one that eases social tensions.Related story:  Delhi and Mumbai in world's top four urban sprawls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031453", "title": "Congress expels 25 rebel candidates in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949583", "title": "Jahnu Barua's 'Baandhon' to open Indian panorama at IFFI", "text": "Assamese movie 'Baandhon', directed by veteran filmmaker Jahnu Barua, has been chosen as the opening film of the Indian panorama section of International Film Festival of India (IFFI) 2012 which will be held in Goa from November 20.'Baandhon' is produced by Assam State Film (Finance and Development) Corporation and Barua has come up with it after eight years of his last directorial work 'Tora', which was released in 2003.The jury has selected 18 films for feature and non feature film category each after going through 300 odd entries, IFFI organisers said.Marathi movie 'Deool' , directed by Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni, and 'Byari', a film in Byari language directed by Sumeeran, which won the best feature film shared award at the recent 59th National Film Awards for 2011, are the direct entries in this prestigious section of IFFI.The feature film category has entries from 10 languages including Assamese, Bengali, Bhojpuri, Byari, English, Kannada, Konkani, Malayalam, Punjabi and Tamil.There are two bilingual films in this category.Konkani movie 'Digant' , directed by Dnyanesh Moghe, has been selected in feature film section of Indian panorama.The jury chose 'Celluloid Man' (Hindi, English, Bengali and Kannada), directed by Shivendra Singh Dungarpur, to open the In the non-feature film category, section of the Indian Panorama, the organisers said.'Allah is Great', a non feature film in English, Hindi and Danish, directed by Andrea Lannetta, has also been selected by the jury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16954161", "title": "Baby Damini brings good fortune to rickshawpuller dad", "text": "JAIPUR: With a new rickshaw and about Rs 14 lakh in his bank account, life has taken a turn for the better for 34-year-old rickshaw-puller Bablu since his plight and his daughter Damini's health condition caught public attention.Even as the one-month-old baby, who was taken off the ventilator yesterday, showed further improvement in her health condition, support has not stopped pouring in from all corners, including from the Rajasthan government.Bablu, who was carrying Damini around in a cloth sling around his neck after his wife died after delivery, thanked his daughter for the change in fortune.\"A bank gave me a new rickshaw and Rs 10,000. The district collector has said that the government will bear expenses for Damini's treatment. People too have given me a lot of support and help,\" he said.The father said he now wants to provide a good life for his daughter.\"I need nothing for me, but all for my daughter. I am illiterate but I want to send her to a good school. I also want to give message to people who abandon girl child that girls are not a burden but a blessing of God,\" he said.The underweight and anaemic one-month-old baby had been shifted to hospital here in critical condition on Sunday after the Rajasthan government decided to bear her medical expenses.Doctors attending to Damini said her condition is improving and she is also gaining weight.\"The girl is showing signs of improvement. She did not require ventilator support again. We have started feeding her and she is now gaining weight. I hope that her condition would further improve,\" Dr Jaikrishan Mittal, who is attending to her, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951477", "title": "Yes, I hiked my rates: Mika", "text": "Mika Singh, who is currently on a world tour to the US, Canada and the West Indies has apparently shot up his rates per show.A source informed, \"Mika used to initially charge any thing between 25 to 20 lacs per show for the international and domestic market respectively.\" Apparently, the success of his recent songs and the high demand has made him think about his price.\"Going by his popularity he has shot up his price to a whopping 30 and 25 lacs for international and domestic market respectively. But the singer is going to be very particular about the kind of songs he sings in films immaterial of the moolah. Mika believes in quality and not quantity and wants to sing songs that will become a hit with the masses.\"Mika admits, \"Yes that is true that I have hiked my rates and have no qualms revealing this as I pay my taxes honestly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16950299", "title": "Food adulteration alarming in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: While Chhattisgarh has the dubious distinction of ranking at the top from among states with high rate of food adulteration with 40% samples found contaminated in 2010 by the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), the state's capital surpasses the figure with 50% of the samples failing the test this year.In a nutshell, the figures literally suggest that 50% of food being consumed in Raipur is adulterated as the samples picked by the Food and Drug Administration Department during the year came from across the supply chain including retailers, suppliers, manufactures and processors. According to the available data of the 204 samples the department collected, nearly 102 were found adulterated between Sept 2011 and Sept 2012.The adulterated samples included spices, khoya (used widely by sweetmeat shops), spices and edible oil. Officials said that the Food Safety Standard (FSS) Act was implemented in the state last year.Interestingly, the state-wide figures for food adulteration is considerably less than the state capital and stand at 35%. Only 180 samples of the 510 collected in the same period were contaminated. This is more or less close to FSSAI's 2010 findings in which 40% of samples, highest in the country, in the state were adulterated.The FSSAI had collected over 1.17 lakh samples of food articles throughout the country and 13% of them were found to be adulterated. A comparative analysis shows high adulteration of 40% in Chhattisgarh, 34% in Uttarakhand, 29% in Uttar Pradesh, 23% in Rajasthan and 20% in West Bengal and Himachal Pradesh.Besides, nearly 17% of the food samples tested in Bihar and Chandigarh, 16% in Nagaland, 15% in Punjab, Madhya Pradesh and Orissa, 14% in Haryana, 12% in Tamil Nadu and 10% in Maharashtra were found adulterated. However, adulteration rates in Delhi were low at 4% while in Karnataka it was just 5%.According to officials, in Raipur the department has secured seven convictions so far and the violators have been fined between Rs 25,000 to Rs 80,000. Similarly, 25 convictions have been achieved state-wide and a fine to the tune of Rs 7.80 lakh was collected.Health officials admit that during the ensuing festive season the number of adulteration cases go up with an increased demand for sweets. \"Unscrupulous traders resort to adulteration to make a fast buck without bothering for the health of the consumers,\" said Food Safety Officer (FSO), Dr A Dewangan, adding that to meet the local demand, contaminated supplies come from all over the country including UP and MP.Despite the fact that adulteration impacts the health of all consumers, the state government isn't seem to be doing enough to put stringent checks in place. The shortage of FSOs in the state makes this quite evident.There are only 15 FSO covering 27 districts of the state and Raipur which has a population of 12 lakh, has only three. Sources reveal that 35 posts have been advertised and until they are filled, the resources with the department are limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16947000", "title": "Small and medium enterprisess' hopes from global investors' summits are in galore", "text": "INDORE: It is for the first time that the small and medium enterprises (SMEs) will be participating in any of the global investors' summits being held in the state.Benefits are galore for the SMEs that will be taking part in the event. MSMEs will be encouraged to take up expansion and modernization programmes which otherwise were only at nascent level.The curiosity generated will help new entrepreneurs to bring their proposals from drawing board level to signing of MoUs. Also, their confidence level will be increased because of easy administrative availability and understanding of top politicians and bureaucrats of various industrial corporations and directorate.The MoUs, to be reached between entrepreneurs and the state government, were only intended to set up a unit and provide policy and other support possible within a framework. It does not guarantee any special facility out of policies announced, which will be worked out in due course of time.Entrepreneurs will need persuasion and understanding of the bureaucratic tangles, especially pertaining to land allotment/procurement and infrastructural constraints of the state. It will take some time for the improvement of the infrastructure, policy support and policy modifications as per the sectoral needs, which are ever changing in the modern era.The administration and bureaucrats will have to be more sensitive, open minded and forthcoming in understanding the need of a particular sector or industry which include speedy procurement, acquisition and allotment of land. Moreover, there was a need of sorting out dual taxation problem like maintenance surcharges and property tax.Poor infrastructure is the single most contributing factor for slow industrialisation of the state. The problem has to be seriously looked into with a time-bound action plan, if the benefits from this GIS are to be reaped in its true spirit.The air and rail connectivity of the state is very poor. This is a first-egg-or-first-hen story. Unless we develop and our economy becomes stronger, the air connectivity will not improve for want of economic operations of the airlines. In absence of less or no direct flights from the other states/cities of the country, the investor will shy away from the state.The VAT administration is by and large good in the state. Still, hiccups are there in forms like input tax refund (ITR), which must be attended to immediately so as to mitigate the hardships as being faced by some of the industrial units.(The writer is president of Association of Industries MP)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16946861", "title": "Madhya Pradesh keeps babus out of CBI probe ambit", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has clipped the wings of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) restraining it from probing alleged corruption charges against officers of the MP cadre in all India services. Or so it seems from the undue haste the state government showed in coming out with a notification by keeping all India service officers out of the purview of CBI Coalgate investigations.But the government notification is not so kind to others, when it comes to probing officers' alleged involvement in corruption-related cases.The state government lost no time in issuing notification on October 12, 11 days after CBI, Delhi, registered its 3rd preliminary enquiry (PE) in connections with the ongoing Coalgate investigations, said sources. The inquiry initiated on September 28, mainly focused on coal block allocation made by Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Odisha and West Bengal government from 1993 onwards.With elections just a year away, the state government would not like to alienate a strong and powerful section of the officers, sources said.Interestingly, gazette notification says the CBI cannot initiate inquiry or investigations against Indian Administrative Service , Indian Police Service or Indian Forest Service (IFS) officers of MP Cadre while inquiring or investigating cases related to Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 1988 without a prior consent of the MP government.When contacted, additional chief secretary I S Dani said the notification was a routine process and is in keeping with the Section 6 of Delhi SPE Act. \"The central agency cannot probe any all India service officer from MP cadre without state government's prior permission,\" he told TOI.The Delhi SPE Act (1946) - from which the CBI derives its powers - underlines the scope and extent of the powers and jurisdiction of the CBI. The Section 6 of the act prohibits the central investigating agency from exercising its powers without the state government's consent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16948651", "title": "Minor earthquake strikes Arunachal Pradesh, no immediate reports of damage", "text": "NEW DELHI: A slight intensity earthquake epicentred in West Siang District of Arunachal Pradesh hit the region early morning on Thursday, the Met department said.The quake measured 4.0 on the Richter scale, a ministry of earth sciences release said here.It said the earthquake hit at around 2.38am. There were no immediate reports of any injuries or damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946713", "title": "Property tax collection of PCMC rises", "text": "PUNE: The property tax department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) has collected Rs 167 crore in the current financial year.Assistant commissioner and chief of property tax department, Shahji Pawar, said that the collection this year has increased by Rs 50 crore over that of the same period last year.The property tax department has 15 divisions in Pimpri Chinchwad out of which the Bhosari division accounted for the highest collection of Rs 18.88 crore. The Chinchwad division brought in Rs. 15.14 crore followed by Rs 14.84 collected by the Pimpri Waghire division. The Charholi division brought the lowest property tax collection of Rs 1.38 crore.Residents have to pay property tax of the first six months of the financial year from April 1 to September 30 this year, Pawar said. \"If residents fail to pay the tax before September 30, they will be penalized by having to pay two percent per month starting from October 1,\" said Pawar, adding that the department would soon penalize people who have not paid their six month tax.The civic body had instructed residents to pay property tax of the six months before December 31. \"If they fail to pay the property tax before December 31 then they will be charged two percent per month from January 1 onwards as penalty,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "16954826", "title": "Former CM Surjit Singh Barnala loses ailing daughter", "text": "BARNALA: Former Punjab chief minister Surjit Singh Barnala was bereaved on Thursday when he lost his daughter. Amrit Sandhu(56) was suffering from lungs cancer and breathed her last on Thursday afternoon at Chandigarh. She has left behind husband Major APS Sandhu, son and a daughter. Barnala had lost his son Neelinder Singh in a road accident many years ago.\"The family had got to know about Amrit suffering from cancer but was looking healthy when breathed last\" said her brother Gaganjit Singh Barnala. The Amrit family owned big Kinnow orchids in Abohar.The SAD(Longowal), being led by Amrit' mother Surjit Kaur Barnala thronged Barnala to express grief at the demise of his daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16954345", "title": "\u2018Veera\u2019 is a heartfelt story of a brother &amp; sister", "text": "After successfully exploring multifaceted relationships through various shows, Star Plus will soon embark on a journey to narrate a heart-warming story about a brother-sister bond in a new show titled 'Veera'.'Veera' will be launched on Monday, 29the October. The show will air from Monday to Friday at 10.30 pm. 'Veera' challenges TV programming set formula by thoughtfully showcasing a brother-sister bond that is rarely highlighted and isn't frequently talked about.Ranvijay and Veera's story is set to provide a ray of hope to all its viewers who often found themselves tangled in their complex daily life which is replete with strained relationships, rocky marriages, troubles family ties, routine pressures and hollow and materialistic existence. 'Veera' will fill an important void that is created by existential battles to survive extremely busy and stressful lives. The show will sensitively reinstate our faith in family ties that now suffer from monotonous and hectic lifestyles.And who better to draw viewers into this show and be part of a glamorous launch in Mumbai than the popular brother and sister duo of Bollywood, Farah and Sajid Khan. Their story shares a close resemblance to that of the show's lead characters Ranvijay and Veera.It is not a well-known fact that Farah and Sajid had to start fetching for themselves from a very young age. They could survive only with the constant support for one another during their turbulent childhood years. The Khan duo consider their love and support for each other an extremely vital element that helped them reach the pinnacle of success.\"Veera is a story of complex human relationships narrated through a loving brother Ranvijay, who becomes a motherly-figure for his sister. 'Veera' is a heartfelt story of a brother and sister bond that will give viewers hope and will highlight the importance of nurturing old bonds with their siblings. The relationship between siblings is unique and has a special place in our lives,\" says Nachiket Pantvaidya, GM, STAR Plus.Actors Bhavesh Balchandani and Harshita Ojha will play the roles of Ranvijay and Veera. Sneha Wagh, Sudhanshu Pandey and Yajuvendra Singh will also be a part of the cast. 'Veera' has been produced by Beyond Dreams Pvt. Ltd. and has been directed by Waseem Sabeer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16947094", "title": "Highway robbery gang detained in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Four persons of a highway robbery gang were detained by the police near Thirumangalam in Madurai late on Tuesday night.The four were nabbed by a patrolling team after a complaint from a truck driver, who was robbed by the gang.Dressing up like women and luring drivers was the modus operandi of highway robbery gangs. Once drivers get down from the trucks, other members of the gang would pounce on them and snatch away valuables.The four were identified as A Marvell (30) M Murugan alias Beeman (38) S Jenefer, (40) and N Velmurugan (35).According to police, a team of personnel was patrolling in Thirumangalam area on Tuesday night. A truck driver informed the that a gang of men intercepted his truck near Mottaimalai area, assaulted him and snatched away Rs 2,000 from him. Based on this information, the police team rushed to the Mottaimalai area where the police found four persons sitting there. They were caught and brought to the Thirumangalam police station. \"While Murugan and Jenefer had been involved in murder and robbery cases, Velmurugan had been involved in illegal movement of drugs case,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16947139", "title": "National Highways Authority of India begins removal of sand dumped in lake for road project", "text": "TRICHY: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has started removing sand dumped on a major part of a 385-acre lake in Punganur in Trichy district for laying the NH-67, following the direction from the Madurai bench of the Madras high court to stop the project as it would cause damage to water bodies in the area. Meanwhile, the road project is still being delayed as the district administration is yet to choose one of the four alignments submitted by the NHAI to take up the project.Although the court direction came on August 2, the NHAI started removing the sand from the lake only a few days ago, in an attempt to complete the task before the high court stipulated time of October 31. \"Since there are farm lands, we had to create a temporary road to the lake to use the vehicles to remove the sand. However, we will complete it before the stipulated time,\" a NHAI engineer said.It may be recalled that a 12km stretch of a total length of 17km Karur bypass road on NH 67 was completed a few years ago. But a five km stretch between Panjappur and Thayanur in Trichy district is yet to be started following opposition from the public to lay the road which would cause damage to three water bodies- Kothamangalam lake, Kallikudi lake and Punganur Lake on the stretch. Since then, the issue remained unresolved. At this juncture, in July 2009, the NHAI started the project and dumped hundreds of loads of sand in the Punganur Lake to lay the road as per the alignment.As the local farmers agitated, the project came to a stand still. Meanwhile, the farmers moved the Madurai bench of Madras high court as well as Madras high court and sought to divert the road from the lake to protect the water bodies. District collector Jayashree Muralidharan too held a public consultation in December 2011 to get the opinions from the public. But there was no conclusion taken on the project. On August 2 this year, the high court ordered the NHAI to remove the sand dumped in the lake on or before October 30, 2012 as the project would affect the livelihood of the farmers.Meanwhile, a lot of wall posters were seen in some parts of Trichy district pasted by Tamilaga Vivasayigal Sangam (apolitical) who alleged that Trichy district collector Jayashree Muralidharan had deliberately delayed in choosing one of the four alignments for taking up the road project as the collector allegedly wanted to lay a bridge over the lake. The poster also said that by constructing a bridge, the collector wanted to help a Trichy political bigwig to encroach upon the lake area. ,\"However, collector Jayashree Muralidharan told TOI that the project was started much before she took charge. \"They unnecessarily drag me into the problem. Moreover, the alignment can be chosen only after thoroughly considering the issues of the farmers,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "16953907", "title": "Saina Nehwal enters quarterfinals of French Open", "text": "PARIS: London Olympics bronze medallist shuttler, Saina Nehwal notched up a comfortable straight-game victory over Thailand's Sapsiree Taerattanachai at the French Open Super Series on Thursday and stayed on course for her second successive title after Denmark Open triumph last week.The 22-year-old from Hyderabad, who had won her maiden Denmark Open title last Sunday, looked in control throughout the second round match against Sapsiree and prevailed 21-16, 21-13 in a 37-minute women's singles event to move into the quarterfinals.The top seeded Indian rode on her eight smash winners and 12 clear winners to claim her second victory over world number 27 Sapsiree. Saina had beaten her in the All England Championship in March this year.Saina, who jumped one place to reach the third spot in the latest world badminton ranking on Thursday, initially engaged in a fierce battle with the Thai girl, before opening up a narrow four-point lead midway at 12-8.Sapsiree clawed back at 13-13 but Saina soon reeled off five straight points to extend the gap, which the Thai girl failed to bridge.In the second game, Saina didn't allow Sapsiree any chance to cut down the lead as she dominated right from the start. From 4-1, the Indian consistently surged ahead.Saina is likely to take on another Thai girl in seventh seed Ratchanok Intanon, who will face Indonesia's Aprilla Yuswandari in another pre-quarterfinal match.Intanon, who won the World Junior Champion for three consecutive years in 2009, 2010 and 2011, is one of the fastest rising shuttlers in world badminton.The world number 10 Thai holds a 1-3 record against Saina. She had beaten the Indian once in 2011 Sudirman Cup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945019", "title": "Maharashtra drop in malnutrition signs: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: A new study holds good news for Maharashtra, which has held the dubious distinction of having one of the highest incidences of acute malnourishment among children in the country. A study by the Mumbai-based International Institute of Population Sciences (IIPS) shows a significant drop in the physical indicators of malnourishment in children across the state.The yet-to-be-released IIPS report, which was commissioned by UNICEF, shows that indicators of malnutrition - like low height and weight - have fallen anywhere from 7 to 16% over the past six years. Ecstatic state government officials have claimed that the \"first big step\" has been taken in the fight against malnutrition in children.The IIPS findings come close on the heels of the latest Sample Registration Survey 2011 report, in which Maharashtra's Infant Mortality Rate dropped 14.7% more between 2011 and 2010 than it did between 2010 and 2009. \"This is a significant shift from the previous mark and looks like the largest percentage decline in the whole of the Southeast Asian region,\" claimed state chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia.The IIPS researchers surveyed stunting (low height for age), wasting (low weight for height) and underweight (low weight for age) from March to May 2012 across 3,000 households in Maharashtra having at least one child aged below two. Children aged up to six were studied in these households. These were the same parameters studied by the National Family Health Survey (NFHS)-3 in 2005-06 in about 5,000 households in Maharashtra with children aged below 6, said IIPS and state officials.IIPS discovered that stunting, an indicator of chronic malnutrition in children, stood at 22.8%. In 2005-06, the NFHS 3 put the figure at 39%. Underweight, another crucial indicator, dropped from 29% in 2005-06 to 21.8% in 2012. Wasting fell from 20% in 2005-06 to 15.5% this year. State officials said the scientific methodology of the IIPS and NFHS-3 reports are almost similar and, therefore, comparisons are fair. The report is also learnt to make these comparisons.The IIPS-UNICEF Comprehensive Nutrition Survey studies more than just malnutrition indicators and was independently carried out to help review the implementation of various programmes across Maharashtra. Over the years, the state has introduced measures under the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) and urban nutrition mission. \"The findings are important as they allow the state to draw up a comprehensive nutrition policy,\" said a senior state official.Malnutrition has been for long one of the biggest challenges faced by the state's health machinery, with government data pegging the death count among children aged up to six at about 1.17 lakh over four years from 2008-09 to 2011-12.Officials in the state's women and child development department attribute the dip to schemes introduced in the tribal belts, including the empowerment of women, tribal creches and village adoption schemes. \"Innovative measures like digital anganwadis, Village Children Development Centres, android phones to communicate information about pregnant mothers and the introduction of mid-upper-arm-circumference techniques have helped,\" said a senior official in the department.However, some public health experts are accepting the news with cautious optimism. \"If the facts stand as they are, then Maharashtra could very well pat itself on the back. However, this kind of improvement in height without a similar corresponding improvement in weight is intriguing. We need to also study deeper the correlation between the IIPS and NFHS data,\" said Dr Abhay Bang of Search, an organization working in Gadchiroli.Dr Armida Fernandez, of NGO Sneha, said the latest findings are a result of a sustained campaign by the state through the nutrition mission and ICDS. \"The drop in stunting is significant as it is an intra-generational phenomenon and needs a sustained effort over a period of time. The government's efforts have finally paid dividends,\" said Fernandez.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16947340", "title": "No health without wealth", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has the dubious distinction of being home to the world's largest number of sick people. It is also home to the largest number of malnourished people. Dig a bit deeper and you will find a bizarre contradiction: we seem to have got the worst of both poor and rich countries. About 37% of deaths are caused by infectious diseases such as TB, malaria , diarrhoea, etc while 53% are due to metabolic or non-communicable diseases such as heart ailments and diabetes.So, who is responsible for this dire situation? British colonial rule? Large population? Lack of education? After 65 years of Independence, these arguments are wearing thin. What prevents us from ensuring that every mother gives birth under safe, sanitary conditions, with access to emergency backup?If this was done, 70,000 mothers would not die every year. Even Bangladesh , with no economic superpower claims, has managed to reduce maternal mortality rate (MMR) from 320 per 100,000 live births in 2001 to 194 by 2010. In India, MMR continues to be as high as 212.Stagnant shareThese chilling examples show that the problem lies in the way public health has been neglected in India. Resources allocated by successive governments have been highly insufficient despite claims that health for all is a priority. Take a look at government spend on health (Centre plus states) over the last five years. In 2007-08, it was Rs 44,977 crore \u2014 0.9% of India's GDP. Five years later (2011-12), combined expenditure on health had risen to Rs 90,569 crore, but as a share of GDP it remained at 1%.Now, the government is proposing to hike public spending on health by half a percentage point \u2014 1.6% of GDP \u2014 for 2012-17 under the 12th Plan. This is what the draft chapter on health in the Plan document states. Health activists are up in arms at this meagre increase. Even the Planning Commission's own high-level expert group and steering committee had suggested that public health should get at least 2.5% share of GDP.Primary sicknessWhat happens when governments don't spend enough? Here is a snapshot of two key aspects of healthcare: physical infrastructure (dispensaries, hospitals) and human resources (doctors, nurses, technicians). Physical infrastructure consists of the gigantic network of health sub-centres (SC), primary health centres (PHC), community health centres (CHC) and district hospitals (DH).There are supposed to be 1,78,267 SCs in the country on the basis of one per 1000 population. In reality, there are only 1,48,124 \u2014 about 17% short. More than 40,000 are in rented buildings while buildings for 13,000 subcentres are still being made. A quarter of them don't even have water and a similar proportion have no electricity.These figures are available in the government's bulletin on Rural Health Statistics for 2011. Several states such as Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Odisha, J&K;, Himachal and many in the Northeast have done much better and there is no shortfall of CHCs. But in Assam , Bihar , Karnataka, Madhya Pra-desh, Maharashtra, UP and West Bengal , the shortfall ranges between 33 and an incredible 91%. This clearly shows that political will at the state level, as much as finances, can make all the difference.Manpower malaiseWhat about 'human resources'? The situation is shockingly bad. The country's government-run healthcare system is short of 76% doctors, 53% nurses, 88% specialists, 85% radiographers and 80% laboratory technicians. So even where infrastructure is in place, the absence of doctors and nurses renders it meaningless. Gujarat, for instance, has only a 5% shortfall of CHCs, but only 76 out of 1,220 specialists are there to man them. Odisha has 377 CHCs although only 327 are required as per norms. But the state has only 438 of the 1,570 specialists required for these CHCs.Clearly, lack of investment in key areas such as infrastructure and qualified personnel has hit public healthcare, and apathy at the state government level has made things worse.If this is what the government's health delivery system looks like, how do common people manage? Where do they go when they fall sick? The answer is obvious but also hides one of India's biggest tragedies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16946604", "title": "Biker rams, kills construction labourer", "text": "BANGALORE: A construction worker was killed on the spot after a two-wheeler hit him in Madiwala traffic police limits on Tuesday. Nanjundaiah, 50, was a resident of Rotary Nagar and native of Malavalli.The accident took place on Kodichikkanahalli Main Road around 2pm. Two-wheeler rider Nagaraj, who was riding at high speed, lost control on seeing Nanjundaiah crossing the road and rammed the bike into him. Police arrested Nagaraj and seized his vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946328", "title": "Cops to help you park vehicles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Everything is good about the festival season, except chock-a-block roads and parking lots.In the wake of increasing traffic rush and limited parking space, the municipal corporation has roped in traffic police personnel to help it manage parking lots of congested markets till festivals get over. Initially, cops have been deployed in prominent markets, like sectors 17 and 22's. In a few days, they will be deployed in other lots too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945426", "title": "Now, Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to steer Bus Rapid Transit System towards reality", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body is planning to revive the much talked-about Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), which promises to ease congestion on city roads by using dedicated lanes to ferry commuters between destinations. In a meeting held last week between senior officials of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation and the BEST, it was decided that BRTS routes can be created on the Eastern Express Highway (EEH), the Western Express Highway (WEH), the Sion-Trombay Road and the Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road.TOI had reported about BRTS getting a fresh impetus in its February 20 edition.The MMRDA has unsucessfully tried to implement the project in the past. The BMC will now form a panel to undertake site visits, carry out feasibility studies as well as survey the condition of and the encroachments on the chosen roads and highways.Said a senior civic official, \"The idea is to encourage more people to use public transport. For BRTS to be implemented, we need long and wide roads. The chosen routes meet this requirement. Also, studies show a lot of people travelling on these routes would like to have a dedicated public transport system as an alternative to private vehicles.\"The BMC will have a pilot run of the system on the Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road once it is widened.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said the project was still in the \"discussion stage. \"The project ownership will be primarily with the BMC. Our job is to operate the buses as soon as the project is approved and implemented,\" he said.Times View: It may be difficult, not impossibleThis is not the first time that a governmental agency has announced plans for BRTS in Mumbai. Ambitious plans were spelt out previously as well, only to be given a quiet burial soon after. In a congested city such as Mumbai, the idea of BRTS stumbles at the first step\u2014namely, the creation of dedicated lanes. At the same time, it is not impossible to create infrastructure needed for BRTS in Mumbai. All it needs is coordination between various governmental bodies to draw up new traffic plans and, of course, dedicated lanes. The promise held out by BRTS\u2014less pollution, less congestion and faster transport\u2014seems worth it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953954", "title": "Cognizant to invest $25 million in US, UK data centres", "text": "Cognizant plans to expand its data center footprint in North America and Europe. As part of the strategy, Cognizant will initially invest $25 million to open additional data centres in Arizona and Virginia in the US, Amsterdam (the Netherlands), and Slough (UK). These data centres, coupled with an enterprise-class multi-tenant cloud platform, will further strengthen Cognizant's infrastructure management capabilities and enable clients to maximize value in their IT environment.Cognizant's enterprise-class, multi-tenant cloud infrastructure platform broadens the company's overall cloud services portfolio, which includes cloud assessment, architecture and design consulting, cloud system integration, and cloud management services across private, public, and hybrid cloud solutions. These services are powered by Cloud360, Cognizant's cloud management solution that efficiently automates provisioning, management, and monitoring of diverse cloud operations from a single consolidated management console. These capabilities position the company well to help clients re-platform existing applications on the cloud, deploy new mobile, software-as-a-service, and social networking services to their end-users, and support other business-critical processes.\"Clients need to modernize their IT capabilities and bring consumer IT models to their users, and at the same time virtualize their infrastructure, rationalize costs, and improve productivity through flexible, as-a-service business models,\" said Robert Boles, Senior Vice President of Cognizant's IT Infrastructure Services practice. \"With our expanded cloud capabilities across our network of data centers, we can greatly enhance our ability to fulfill this growing client need.\"\"Emergence of cloud computing shifted the emphasis in infrastructure services away from low-cost labor arbitrage toward transformation-driven offerings,\" said Ross Tisnovsky, senior VP-research at Everest Group. \"In the absence of industry standards, we believe that service providers without strong in-house infrastructure solutions are less likely to seize cloud-related opportunities, while those that integrate in-house capabilities with system integration and professional services, like Cognizant, will be more successful in providing cloud solutions in the global services marketplace.\"These expanded capabilities help Cognizant offer clients a fully integrated suite of business solutions\u2014business process services, application development and support, data center services, cloud infrastructure, remote infrastructure management, and technology and business transformation. It also marks an important milestone in Cognizant's ability to provide clients with flexible, utility-based, as-a-service delivery models specific to their organizational needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12249132", "title": "Sona creates a scene at the airport", "text": "Soon after landing at the international airport in Chennai, Sona was instructed by the customs officials that she had brought in Rs. 27-crore worth of readymade garments and that attracts customs duty.The actress, however, was not willing to shell out the money and was seen arguing with the officials that garments does not come within the purview of duty levied by the customs.She reportedly created a big scene at the airport over this issue. However, the airport officials made it clear that customs duty must be paid or her goods cannot be released. Following this, the actress left the airport saying that either she or one of her assistants would pay the duty later and have the garments released.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16952201", "title": "Government not court has to find solution to mining crisis: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: With uncertainty prevailing over resumption of mining activity in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar has said the government and not court can find a solution to it.Supreme Court recently halted the transportation and extraction of ore in the state pending inquiry report from the Centrally Empowered committee (CEC), which will probe into the illegalities pointed out by Justice M B Shah Commission.\"I have strong objections to a ruling like this....In situations like this it is governments that have to deliver,\" Parrikar said last night while speaking at a function to mark the birth anniversary of former minister late Matanhi Saldanha in Panaji.The state government had suspended all the mining leases on September 10 and subsequently in the first week of October, Supreme Court ordered halting of extraction and transportation iron ore in Goa.The people dependent on mining activity fear to lose their livelihood if the ban continues.\"It is the government which has to put stop to the mining,\" the chief minister said.The Shah Commission report estimated a whopping Rs 35,000 crore loss to the exchequer due to illegal mining in the last 12 years.Referring to the demand of recovering the money from the mine owners, Parrikar said, \"If anything has been looted from the state, it will be recovered.\"\"It is very easy to say that the Rs 35,000 crore has to be recovered. Executing it is very difficult,\" he added.Parrikar said the government had sent notices to all mining companies asking why the money should not be recovered and all of them replied saying that the report was wrong.\"Now I have to sit and worry about the issues that mine owners have pointed out, because the administration has to function in a particular way. Else, we will get dragged to court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950963", "title": "Bobby Brown 'arrested on suspicion for DUI'", "text": "Whitney Houston's former husband Bobby Brown was arrested for the second time this year for a DUI offence in Los Angeles on Wednesday.According to TMZ, the 43-year-old musician was pulled over at 1 am as he was driving erratically on a road in Los Angeles, the Mirror reported.Apparently, when law enforcement officers questioned Brown in his car, they smelt alcohol and asked him to take a sobriety test.A source said that he didn't pass and was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949256", "title": "Party goes live with Hard Kaur", "text": "After a brief lull, the lively party circuit's all set to groove. As you crave to get on the dance floor on Saturday, Kava in Sector 26 has made a smart move by advancing the weekend festivities and hosting a bash on Friday with the celebrated singer/rapper Hard Kaur.In a bid to pep up weekend parties, the singer will take you to the highest level of mauj masti. We are told that here on this day, Hard Kaur will perform for longer duration and belt out an eclectic mix of songs.Kava has crated its name in the party circuit by holding swell bashes with international DJs and singers. Also, in the past the place has seen many Bollywood celebs dropping in to unwind. So, don't miss out some hardcore action this time!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946528", "title": "Miscreants set fire to effigy one day before", "text": "JAIPUR: In a weird case, the city police have registered a case against a few miscreants who set ablaze a 35-feet-effigy of Ravan lying in a temple which was to be erected at a venue in Sanganer locality. Some miscreants barged into the temple and set the effigy on fire on the eve of Dusserra on Tuesday night.The incident took place at a Shiva temple in Daakoton Ka Mohalla area under Sanganer police station. They set a 35-feet effigy of Ravan on fire and fled from the scene.On Wednesday morning, the members of the organising committee of the Dussehra festival were stunned to see that the effigy which was meant to be set on fire on the festival in the evening was already turned into ashes. They informed the police.Bhimraj Joshi, a local leader said that it was an act by 'anti social elements' who must be planning to disturb the event.Meanwhile, in order to ensure that the incident may not dampen the spirits of the festival the organising committee purchased another effigy of Ravan from the makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16946763", "title": "Drowning accidents force government to fast track swim and survive plan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In the wake of rising incidence of drowning deaths in the city, the sports directorate has decided to gear up the introduction of the 'swim and survive' programme. The launch of the scheme, which aims at imparting basic swimming skills to children, was held up owing to technical hurdles.However sources said that the programme will be officially launched in the city on November 14. \"The programme will be launched on Children's Day in the city. The first phase of training will be conducted at St Mary's School, Pattom,\" said an official of sports directorate.The programme, which had already got the administrative sanction, was delayed as it needed clearance from the finance commission. The official said that the finance commission will give the clearance by the end of October. The sports directorate has already submitted a proposal to the state government for bringing the scheme to the city.The programme is now being successfully run in schools in Kottayam. An official of the sports directorate said the campaign was mooted in the backdrop of rising drowning cases. \"Of late, there have been several instances of death by drowning in many areas of the capital. That is why we have decided to extend the scheme to the city. The project will be approved soon,\" an official said.Officials had earlier planned to introduce the scheme in the first week of July. Under the programme, the directorate will procure portable swimming pools for government-aided schools that will be selected for the scheme. The training will be conducted using pools made of thick vinyl measuring 30x12 feet (approximately 400 square feet). The scheme draws inspiration from similar projects successfully implemented in Bangladesh, Thailand and Vietnam . Over one lakh children were taught swimming in portable pools introduced by the International Drowning Research Centre in Bangladesh. There will be separate pools for boys and girls once the programme is extended to other schools in the city.Rashtriya Life Saving Society (RLSS) will assist in implementing this programme. \"The government will seek the assistance of trained RLSS volunteers to teaching swimming. Separate sessions will be arranged in the morning and evening in addition to drill periods. Interested children from neighbouring areas can also join the programme. The duration of training may vary from three to six months,\" the official said.The project will be implemented at a cost of Rs 20 lakh. \"The main advantage of this scheme is that you don't need a swimming pool. Also, once training is completed in one school, the pool can be transported to other schools. We are also planning to bring in college students under the ambit of the scheme,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946348", "title": "UT IMA sends data on clinics to Centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Are you being treated by a registered doctor or a quack? You will soon come to know about it, with the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Chandigarh, generating a data on it. According to a recent survey conducted by the IMA, the city has 192 homoeopathy clinics, 79 allopathic ones, 13 diagnostic centres and 31 nursing homes. The data has been submitted to the government of India to draft the minimum standards that all clinics, dispensaries and hospitals will follow. These include floor area and staff strength, among other provisions under the Clinical Establishment Act.A major clause of the act which is being opposed tooth and nail by the medical fraternity is 24-hour emergency to be provided by all clinics. The IMA had asked the Centre not to apply the Act uniformly, as the requirements varied from place to place. The idea behind the survey is to know how many clinics are required to run 24-hour emergency with all specialties.\"We cannot have uniform rules for all clinics across the country. We have completed the survey on the number of clinics and nursing homes,\" said Dr R S Bedi, IMA president, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945605", "title": "Woman held for cheating many with job promises", "text": "NEW DELHI: She was among the brightest students in her engineering batch and also worked at an MNC in the capital later. While helping some college students get off-campus placements, Aditi Eldar (28) allegedly hatched a plot to dupe unemployed people on the pretext of getting them lucrative jobs, police said.Aditi was nabbed from Palam Vihar on Wednesday. During interrogation, she admitted to have duped around 25 students of several lakhs. Her two accomplices are still at large, police added.The Saharanpur woman had got placed in a reputed company in south Delhi while studying BTech at an engineering college in Dehradun. Two years ago, some students of her college had contacted her to help them get jobs. \"Aditi used her contacts and got them placed in lieu of some money. That made her greedy. The placed students spread good word about Aditi, and soon others started contacting her for placements,\" said an officer.She would ask the unemployed students to deposit Rs 5,000 in her account for a telephonic interview. \"A fake interview would then be conducted, and Aditi and her accomplices would then inform the students about their selection and call them to the capital,\" the officer said. Aditi would either meet the students at a five-star hotel or a cafe and ask them to pay anything between Rs 40,000 and 50,000 for job confirmation. \"After getting the money, Aditi would give fake appointment letters of a particular company and ask the victims to contact the company only after a week. In the meantime, she and her accomplices would go underground,\" said a cop.The students would land at the mentioned company's office in Jasola, only to realize that they had been duped.\"The manager of the company got suspicious when many people landed with fake appointment letters and informed police about the racket,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945284", "title": "E-waste from Saligao to Roorkee", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has made a small beginning after a Saligao-based firm, Group Ten Plus, was authorized by the Goa state pollution control board to collect and store e-waste for a one-year period up to October 31, 2012.\"The firm will have to comply with provisions of E-Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011 and Environment (Protection) Act, 1986,\" a GSPCB source said.Group Ten Plus will collect and recycle the e-waste in association with Attero Recycling, a Roorkee-based company registered with the central pollution control board.A study of e-waste generation and management in Goa has stressed the need for proper technologies to handle it. \"Existing e-waste handling practices cannot manage future e-waste generation, which require processing/recycling facility, where e-waste can be segregated, dismantled and recycled,\" the report by UPL environmental engineers limited, Vadodara, states.Offenders booked under the rules and Act can be convicted for up to five years in prison with a fine of up to 1 lakh for non-compliance.The Saligao firm will dispatch the e-waste by road to Attero. \"Our operation entails safe transportation through closed-bodied trucks; full data security to clients; safety and health precautions for all employees; a pollution-free facility and complete processing of e-waste with zero landfill,\" says an official from the firm.Lack of knowledge about e-waste disposal is viewed as a major factor for the piling up of such waste. \"Being bulky, it also takes up lots of space,\" says Ashley Delaney of Group Ten Plus.As per the ISO 14001 manual, it is mandatory to give e-waste like computers, used toners, ink cartridges, telephones etc to authorized e-waste recyclers.Group Ten Plus recently collected 90 tonnes of e-waste through an initiative of the Goa chamber of commerce and industries. \"There is scope to create more awareness and bring more companies to participate in the collection,\" Delaney adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945765", "title": "Boy critical after being kicked by mother's lover", "text": "KOCHI: A three-year-old boy has been battling for his life at Thrissur medical college for almost a month, after a man - allegedly his mother's paramour - kicked him on the stomach, at Angamaly.The man, Jyothish (35) of Mala, was arrested from his wife's house at Kaloor on Wednesday, police said. The incident happened on September 28, when the woman,Radha of Kunnambhagam in Thrissur, was on her way to meet her husband Gopi. Jyothish accosted the mother-son duo and picked up a quarrel. It has been alleged that he assaulted both Radha and the boy, Ramji Ravu.Following this, the man went into hiding. Angamaly CI V Babu said the boy suffered injuries andhas been admitted to the ICU of the medical college. Radha, too, was injured in the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16944984", "title": "Day-old baby boy stolen from Wadia hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: An unidentified woman reportedly stole a day-old baby boy from the general ward of Wadia Hospital in Parel on Wednesday.The incident occurred around 5.30pm when the woman wearing an orange sari with a black scarf on her head entered the ward during the visiting hours, between 4 and 6pm and escaped with the infant, said the Bhoiwada police.At the time of incident, the infant's mother Jasmin Devdas Naik (28) was taking a walk with her mother in the ward room. When they returned minutes later, the baby was missing. \"The woman was found rushing out of the ward by an eyewitness, Devidas Sunke, whose wife has also delivered a baby and is in the same ward. Seeing the way the woman was rushing out, Sunke even asked her to take care as the baby could have fallen,\" said senior inspector Vikram Patil.Gorai resident Jasmin delivered the baby by C-section on Tuesday around 8pm. This is her first child. Naik was employed in Dubai and had come to Mumbai for the delivery. \"The woman took my baby in front of everybody. No one realized that something was amiss,\" said Jasmin.\"The accused chose the visiting hours as at this time, the security guards do not check those who enter. The hospital does not have a CCTV,\" said ACP (Bhoiwada) RB Poman.Dr M J Jussawala, the hospital's medical director, said, \"This happened suddenly and we are probing the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16946995", "title": "Minimum temperature plunges to 13.1\u00b0 C", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city witnessed the coldest night of the post-monsoon season as rain lashed Ludhiana on Tuesday night. Whereas the maximum temperature remained around normal at 30 degrees celsius, the minimum was recorded at 13.1 degrees C, around 4 degrees below normal.Assistant agrometeorologist at PAU Kulwinder Kaur Gill said: \"The minimum temperature was around 13.1 degrees C, perhaps making it the coldest night of post-monsoon season. The dip in minimum temperature was due to thunderstorm. The rainfall recorded on Tuesday night was about 3mm.\"\"The maximum temperature, however, remained close to normal at 30.1 degrees C. The morning humidity was recorded at 90%, about 10% above normal, whereas the evening humidity remained normal at 40%,\" she added. The next three-four days, she said, would remain clear with little probability of rainfall.The plunging temperature left the residents felt the chill. Krishan Kumar, a businessman from Model Town, said: \"The rain started around midnight and lasted a few minutes. But it left us feeling cold. I had to take a blanket as this weather usually leaves one with flu.\" Seema Pahwa, a homemaker from Durgi, Phase I, shared: \"There was a nip in the air on Tuesday night. So I made sure my two children wore warm clothes and covered themselves with blankets.Kids have lower immunity and so I have been making very particular about their juice and fruit intake.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945992", "title": "Four booked in arms racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four people, including two employees of an ordnance depot, were booked for allegedly running a racket of issuing bogus arms licence in names of Army personnel.Filing its chargesheet before a trial court, Delhi Police has accused two employees of a Shakurbasti-based ordnance depot of conspiring with private citizens in cheating, impersonating and forging documents for procuring bogus arms licence, on basis of which arms were issued from the ordnance depot.Those accused are Ranjit Singh, Jai Prakash, Jasbir Singh and Mukesh Dahiya. In the chargesheet filed before chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Prakash, cops said a case was registered in May 2010 on basis of information on an organized racket for issuing arms licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945313", "title": "IIT-Bombay\u2019s 2012 festival to be an international affair", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay's annual festival Mood Indigo will be going international this year with students from five countries\u2014Japan, Puerto Rico, Serbia, Sri Lanka and Italy\u2014 participating in the festival along with Indian students. While students from foreign countries have been part of the festival for long, this year they will even get to participate in the competitions and will be treated on a par with all the students.The Mood Indigo Worldfest 2012, as it is called, which will be held in the third week of December, will see a contingent of 15-25 students from each of these five countries. The contingents will be visiting the city with an aim to promote cultural exchange between countries. The students will not only participate in workshops, but will also hold exhibitions, showcase their talent in cultural events, drama, folk event, drums, etc. Vaibhav Chaudhary, overall co-ordinator of Mood Indigo 2012, said, \"This year's Worldfest is aimed at promoting India and Mumbai as safe tourist destinations. Also, students from these five countries will be treated on a par with Indian students in all competitions, so that they can gauge themselves on the international scale.\"Chaudhary added that the festival will have around 100-150 foreign students, who are on a sponsored trip by their respective embassies. \"The major attraction of the festival will be the carnival, which is expected to have around 200 international performers from the US, Australia and other countries on one platform this year,\" said Chaudhary. The institute has collaborated with Ferriswheel Entertainment to produce the Mood Indigo Worldfest 2012.The students from the foreign countries will present their expertise in food exhibitions, drama, etc. The participating international students need not be from the engineering background, said the organizers. The guest countries will erect their pavilions to showcase their culture and art forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950655", "title": "Memory return for Viraaj in Saubhagyavati", "text": "The news about a change in the production house of Life OK's Dil Se Di Dua Saubhagyvati Bhava is already making a buzz in the tinsel town. Now the next big news for the followers of Suabhagyvati Bhava is something very exciting.As known by the viewers that post leap, the character of Viraaj ( Karanvir Bohra) had lost his memory and is living a kid's life but now according to the latest development, Viraaj will recall his memory and will get back to his previous avatar.So is he going to be the same terrifying bad man as before? Well not really, a source says, Viraaj will be back in a different avatar but with the same motive. Earlier, audiences use to hate Viraaj for his deeds but this time it's the other way around as Viraj will try to get Jhanvi ( Srithi Jha) in a different way.Informing on the track a reliable source quips, In the upcoming episode, Raghav( Harshad Chopda) will make a plan for Rana's ( Sai Ballal) arrest and accordingly, he will be caught red handed and will be sent to jail. On the other hand Viraaj will get hospitalized and there he will recall his memory.It is also heard that even after arresting Rana and locking him up in the jail, he will run away from the dungeon to find Viraj. Interestingly, Viraaj will be now back with his senses and the story will take a new turn. The story further will focus on Jhanvi and Viraaj. There are high chances for Raghav's character to be sidelined.\"Yes, Viraj will recall all his memories and will get back to action but this time he is not going to be the old Viraaj,\" confirms Karanvir.The plot gets intense with such an interesting track. Hope it helps the show to garner good ratings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952750", "title": "Ragini encountered death on 'Dehradun Diary' sets", "text": "Actor Ragini Nandwani who plays the lead in the serial Mrs Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein, is all set to make her debut in Bollywood with Milind Ukey's Dehradun Diary.Ragini who usually immerses herself in the character which she portrays, recalls a near death incident which took place while filming a sequence in the film.It was a suicidal sequence where Ragini had to attempt to drown herself in the swimming pool. Before filming the sequence Ragini was concentrating and practising for the scene so as to get under the skin of the character. Ragini got so engrossed in the sequence, while shooting she actually started giving expressions like she is in great pain and that something is bothering her. Since she wanted to give a perfect shot and get the feel correct, she kept herself in water for a very long time and suddenly lost consciousness and was on the verge of drowning.Luckily the director Milind Ukey realised that Ragini was not responding to his calls and wasn't getting out from the pool even after okaying the shot.A source present at the sets revealed that, \"Milind had to shout at the unit members to pull her out of the pool as he realised something was wrong.\" The entire unit ran towards the pool and were shocked on seeing Ragini unconscious in the pool, soon they pulled her out and medical assistance was called in for. The doctor attending to Ragini said that due to water seeping inside her lungs she became unconscious, and prescribed medicines and advised her rest.The entire unit was shaken by the incident, Ragini too was very shaken and scared and apologized to the entire unit for her lapse in concentration. On hearing this and just to cheer her up a unit member laughed and said 'the suicidal scene wasn't supposed to be this real Ragini', and the entire unit burst out laughing though they were relieved nothing serious happened to Ragini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16945430", "title": "NRI alleges harassment on refusal to bribe traffic cops", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Refusal to bribe traffic policemen allegedly landed an NRI in trouble on Tuesday. London-based businessman Vipul Garg claims the policemen deployed near Pari Chowk heckled him when he did not yield to their demands for a bribe. They even seized his vehicle papers, he alleged.The victim says he has approached senior police officers but has not received any help. Garg says he has also been unable to reclaim his car's RC (registration certificate). SP (Rural) Ashok Kumar , meanwhile, claimed he was not aware of the matter. \"I will initiate a probe into the matter and action will be taken against the erring cops,\" Kumar said.The victim, Vipul Garg, told TOI: \"I was heading towards Pari Chowk from NRI City. As a temple is being constructed along one of the carriageways, the lane has been closed, forcing commuters to travel on the wrong side. As I was about to reach Pari Chowk, four policemen blocked my car, forcing me to step out. They did not allow me to explain why I took the wrong side and even refused to accept a challan. They wanted a bribe but I did not acquiesce. They then took my car's RC, asking me to collect it from the police station.\"Garg alleged the cops did not tell him from which police station he can get back his papers. \"Somehow I came to know that my RC would be in Surajpur police station. When I went there, I was told that my RC had not been submitted so far,\" said the victim, who runs a manufacturing unit in Greater Noida. In a similar incident three months ago, a traffic offender was allegedly roughed up by six cops in Kasna police station when he was found taking the wrong side in an area near Pari Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16945402", "title": "Explosion at Navelim destroys restaurant", "text": "MARGAO: An explosion at a restaurant near Rosary Church, Navelim, had the Margao police and the fire and emergency services in action at 4am on Wednesday. They found the cause to be a gas leakage that shattered the interiors of the Carol and Family restaurant situated at Rosary complex.Fire services officials have registered the case as a fire incident and estimated a loss of around 1 lakh while property worth 50,000 was saved. The Margao police said that the leakage was from the pipe that was connected to an empty gas cylinder and that the subsequent explosion was caused due to a vacuum created by the leakage of the gas.Sources added that the the heat from the compressor of the fridge may have led to the explosion which caused all the glass inside the restaurant, including bottles, to shatter. The shutters of the restaurant were badly damaged as well. Witnesses said that one of the shutters got detached from the restaurant with the force of the explosion and the impact was so strong that it was flung to the opposite end. The police manning the Navelim nakabandi were first alerted about the incident when they got a call stating that the locals had heard a loud noise that sounded as if there was an explosion.Fire services officials are also looking into the fact that a domestic gas cylinder was found at the commercial premises and stated that they would take action after the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16947091", "title": "Why women don't pursue a career in physics", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have solved the mystery behind women opting for careers outside hard sciences, citing gender discrimination as a major reason.Both male and female scientists view gender discrimination as a major reason women choose to pursue careers in biology rather than physics, researchers from Rice University claim.The new study surveyed 2,500 biologists and physicists at elite institutions of higher education in the US. Researchers also interviewed a smaller scientific sample of 150 scientists about the reasons they believe there are gender differences in scientific disciplines.\"The distribution of women and men across various science-related occupations has long drawn both popular and scholarly attention,\" said lead study author and principal investigator Elaine Howard Ecklund, an associate professor of sociology. \"In our study, we are interested in how scientists explain the different proportions of men and women in biology and physics,\" he said. The study's key finding is that both male and female scientists view gender discrimination as a factor in women's decision not to choose a science career at all or to choose biology over physics. However, the two sexes still have differences in opinion about when discrimination occurs.\"During interviews, men almost never mentioned present-day discrimination, believing that any discrimination in physical science classes likely took place early in the educational history (primary school), which they believe explains women's predisposition to biological sciences,\" Ecklund said.\"However, female scientists believe that discrimination is still occurring in present-day universities and departments,\" she said.Regardless of gender or discipline, nearly half of all the scientists interviewed thought that at some point in women's educational lives, they are discouraged from a career in physics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16945326", "title": "FIR lodged on ATM fraud after 18 months", "text": "GURGAON: Miscreants allegedly withdrew Rs 80,000 in instalments using a stolen ATM card of a retired lieutenant colonel. When the victim requested police to take action, police refused to do so. But on the orders of a city court, city police have now lodged an FIR.Lt-colonel (Retd) Charan Singh Verma, a resident of Sector 4 in Gurgaon, withdrew Rs 9,000 from an State Bank of India ATM booth in New Colony on March 5, 2011. Apparently, at that time someone had stolen his ATM card.Verma was not aware of it and after a gap of five days, when he went to the bank to get his passbook updated, he found Rs 80,000 was missing from his account. The money was withdrawn in two instalments.The complainant said he had not received any SMS regarding the cash withdrawal.The complainant requested the city police to take action, but police refused to register an FIR. Disgruntled with the police apathy, the victim later filed a petition in a city court. After about one-and-a-half years a city court on Tuesday directed the city police to lodge an FIR and investigate the case.\"On the direction of a city court we have lodged an FIR against unknown persons,\" said Jai Prakash, an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946886", "title": "Cars sales gain momentum on Vijayadashmi", "text": "INDORE: Premium cars were sold in good numbers in Indore on the occasion of Vijayadashmi. So good was the response that the encouraged dealers are hopeful of further increasing the sales in the days to come.A local dealer for Mercedes Benz said that 10 units of cars were delivered from his showroom on the day. Being a holiday, a good number of prospective customers turned up at the showroom seeking information about the cars, he said.General manager at JLR, Narayan V Kulkarni, said, \"We delivered five cars from our showroom on the day. However, I don't find it a good number as it is less when compared to our expectations. Still, we do hope of doing well in the days to come as we have got good bookings for the next month.\"Vice president of BMW in Indore, Ananth Sharma, said, \"We have been able to deliver three units of cars during past 3-4 days. Though it is not an encouraging figure, we are quite hopeful of registering a growth in sales volume in days to come. For this we are relying on good finance packages that we offering our customers. I think there is a demand pool now.\"Head of marketing ( Madhya Pradesh ) for Audi , Navin Birla, said, \"We delivered 11 cars on the day which include three Q3s, 20 A4s and two units each of A6s, Q7s and Q5s.Honda , which has launched its new model Brio Automatic recently, too witnessed a good number of deliveries on the day. Ashutosh Vinjola, group general manager, Honda, said, \"We delivered 21 units of cars on the day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16946739", "title": "Pangode burglary case: Two days on, cops still clueless", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The police probe into the burglary at the Pangode Residents' Cooperative Society has shown little progress even two days after the crime. The police blame the two back-to-back government holidays that came after the theft for the lack of progress. They say the holidays have affected the scientific examination of the evidence collected from the crime scene.The finger print experts of the city police had collected the prints of several persons from the society office. From them, they have eliminated those prints belonged to the society employees. But the process of matching the rest of the prints with those available in the database of the police could not be carried out owing to the holidays.As many as four sub inspectors attached to different police stations in the city have been deputed to lead the probe teams that have been dispatched to several parts of the district. Museum circle inspector T Mohanan Nair is leading the probe under the supervision of deputy commissioner of police Putta Vimaladitya.Meanwhile, besides the probe conducted by the local police, another simultaneous probe has also been launched by a special team that has been formed under crime detachment assistant commissioner K E Baiju. There are also four other teams, comprising city police personnel.The assistant commissioner said that it is too early to make any statements on the case as they just started the probe.However, circle inspector T Mohanan Nair said that they suspect the involvement of a man who had visited the bank under the pretext of pawning some gold ornaments. \"We are planning to prepare a sketch of this person, based on the description given by the society staff,\" said the circle inspector.He said that it was the society secretary, Smitha, who told the police about this man who is yet to be identified. According to her, the stranger approached them to pawn some gold ornaments. However, he was sent back by the staff as the society's policy did not allow them to deal with anyone who is not a member of the society.Circle inspector also did not dismiss the possibility of the involvement of an inter-state gang of thieves in the crime. However, he maintained that the police cannot confirm it without getting sufficient evidence as it would derail the course of the investigation.The burglary at a jewellery shop at Balaramapuram on May 4, in which three kilograms of gold were stolen, has prompted the police to suspect the involvement of an inter-state gang. The people involved in the Pangode heist followed similar methods, like the use of gas cutters, that were employed by the Balaramapuram burglers who were members of an inter-state gang. Eight people from West Bengal were arrested a month ago in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946234", "title": "Akhilesh seeks changes in food security Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA's National Food Security Bill is facing resistance from not just opposition parties and other expected quarters such as the Trinamool Congress , but also a crucial ally, Samajwadi Party . Uttar Pradesh CM, Akhilesh Yadav , in a two-page letter to PM Manmohan Singh has said that the bill in its present form won't benefit poorer states and should be amended.For the UPA, which is already beset with pending orders from the Supreme Court and opposition from several state governments run by BJP, Yadav's missive is bound to only increase its anxiety.Yadav has said that the bill seems to convey the message that the Centre proposes to keep 33% of the population on average in each state out of the purview of the social security scheme. He has demanded universal coverage in rural UP, and 95% cover for the state's urban population.He has warned that a uniform application of this formulation across states would hurt UP, which has a higher level of poverty. He has demanded that the bill be amended by the government before it is passed in House.Using the results of the Tendulkar Committee report, Yadav has cited that going by official figures UP has 37.7% (7.38 crore) living below the poverty line compared to other states like Punjab, Haryana and Tamil Nadu, where corresponding figures range between 12% and 24.5%.UPA is facing the toughest challenge in setting a formula to decide overall and state-wise cut-offs. Besides the nation-wide cut-off, the Centre would also have to decide how the subsidized food grains are shared among the states. In states, such as Tamil Nadu, where the distribution of PDS is already spread wide, any attempt to reduce the number of beneficiaries is bound to find opposition. Whereas in states, where distribution has been traditionally low, the bill would find support if the Centre agrees to bear the subsidy burden to enhance the number of people who shall get the grains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16947015", "title": "Feel good factor for industries ahead of Global Investors Summit", "text": "INDORE: At a time when GIS preparations are in full swing, the investors are having an experience never felt before. One of the investors, whose application for land allotment, was earlier rejected by an official of TRIFEC, is all smiles ahead of the Global Investors Summit. After, the officials denied investor the permission, he recently contacted the chief minister and in a single meet, he was given permission for the land. The three-day event begins on October 28.SM Dyechem is now planning to invest Rs 40 crore in Megh Nagar of Jhabua district of the state. The company is planning to take on lease land measuring 1 lakh sq feet at the place. The product of the company, copper pthlocyanine crude, is consumed by industries like textile, paint and distemper. The company is likely to provide employment to 200 people.Manish Shah, managing partner, SM Dyechem, told TOI: \"I had almost lost my hopes of investing in the state after passing through a bad experience I had with the lower rung officials of TRIFEC. However, my hopes were revived once I met the CM.\"When contacted, Manish Singh, MD, AKVN, said, \"Nearly 70 MoUs have already been reached so far and few more are expected before the summit begins.\"After reviewing the preparations for GIS during his visit to the city here on Thursday, the CM will be unveiling Namkeen Cluster at Sanwer Road. The CM is likely to take a round of the summit venue before leaving for Sanwer Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16945167", "title": "Another suicide in Ponda taluka", "text": "PONDA: Hanumayya Venkatswami, a 24-year-old labourer, allegedly committed suicide at his rented room at Bhoma in Ponda on Wednesday. Police said that he was staying alone and was found hanging in the afternoon.According to police, he was working as a labourer for a cable-laying contractor, who has allotted him the rented room at Bhoma. On Wednesday, as he had not come out of the room, his neighbours got suspicious and informed the fire station.The room was latched from the inside and the fire personnel entered the room by removing ACC sheets. They found Venkatswami hanging with a nylon rope tied to a wooden rafter of the roof, Ponda police said.The police have retrieved the body and preserved it in the morgue of the Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Thursday. Police said reason for the suicide was not known.A case of unnatural death has been registered at the Ponda police station under Section 174 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). PSI Sadashiv Hunashikatti is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9257613", "title": "When Kajol's sari flew...", "text": "Kajol's famous scene in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai where her pallu flies and slips from its position thus making SRK realize his love for Kajol (ahem!) was actually scripted by choreographer Farah Khan and not director Karan Johar.It was Farah's filmy way of showing how the hero realizes he has fallen for the heroine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945235", "title": "Amboli double murder case: Victims\u2019 kin to meet CM over \u2018tardy\u2019 trial", "text": "MUMBAI: Family members of the victims of the 2011 Amboli double murder and members of NGO Zero Tolerance are likely to meet the chief minister on Thursday.They are expected to discuss the pace at which the trial is moving and changes needed in sections relating to sexual harassment.Valerian Santos, father of victim Keenan Santos said, \"Since the matter was assigned to a fast-track court we want things to move quickly. It has taken a year for the charges to be framed.\" Keenan (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were stabbed after a scuffle in Amboli, Andheri west on October 20 last year.Following the outrage over the incident, activists presented a petition signed by over one lakh citizens to home minister R R Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16947236", "title": "Making effigies, Muslim artisans see role in ending 'evils'", "text": "PATIALA: It may surprise some, but majority of the effigies, which go up in flames on Dussehra evening in Punjab, marking the victory of good over evil, are prepared by Muslim artisans of Uttar Pradesh. This year, more than 70 artisans from various parts of UP have come to Punjab around 15-20 days back to prepare the effigies of Ravan, Meghnad and Kumbhkaran.These artisans have been coming to the state for the last over 15-20 years. Majority of them have developed good relations with many Ram Leela organizing committees of Punjab. They said that they have now started feeling that preparing these effigies has become a duty.\"No doubt money is the main reason for coming to Punjab for most of us. But for the last some years, I have started feeling that by preparing effigies, I am not only earning money, but is also contributing to the end 'Ravans' from society,\" said Razak Khan, who have been coming to Punjab from Meerut for the last 15 years and have prepared the effigies for Patiala residents this year also.Khan said that initially, only 5-7 artisans were coming to Punjab, but during the last some years, the number has been rising. This year, at least 50 artisans have come to Punjab. All of them work in groups of 3-5 persons and prepare three effigies in 3-5 days and charge between Rs 30,000-Rs 50,000. Majority of these artisans have regular professions like barber, painter, tailor, scooter mechanic, etc., yet many of them prefer to come to Punjab as it not only gives them extra income, but also provides a chance to stay with their relatives for some days.\"I, along with my wife and two kids, come to Punjab every year during these days. My wife stays with her parents in Malerkotla for some days, while I prepare the effigies.\" said Toufiq Mohd, another artisan.In return, Hindu organizers of Ram Leela also feel that these artisans are their good friends. \"They are good artisans and work with full sincerity. We should appreciate their work instead of discussing about their religion,\" said Lakhwinder Sareen, state president of Hindu Helpline of Vishav Hindu Parishad, who has been organizing Ram Leela in Patiala for the last many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951770", "title": "Ajith is emotional", "text": "Director AR Murugadoss has shared an interesting aspect about Thala Ajith. The director says that though Ajith seems to be a soft person on screen, in reality, he has noticed a lot of emotional energy in him. He added that Ajith hasn't acted in a film that has positioned his raw energy appropriately yet. Murugadoss and Ajith worked together in the action-packed Dheena , which also got Ajith the title, Thala.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946503", "title": "Hearing-impaired to cook at eatery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From making pizza's to serving them on counters, they will be doing it all with phenomenal spirit and determination. An upcoming eating joint in the city will have a special team of deaf persons as cooks.An interesting job drive with a social concern was conducted by the National Institute for Technical Teachers' Training and Research (NITTTR), Sector 26, along with a leading private firm, which is the largest franchise of a pizzas chain and another popular European eating joint. Eighteen disabled students were selected by the firm for the upcoming restaurant in a city mall. Two sign language instructors will also be engaged.\"The purpose is to facilitate employability of deaf persons who are otherwise extremely talented,\" said Dr J S Saini, head of rural development department at NITTTR, Sector 26, who is also heading a centre for the physically challenged.The special employment drive has been jointly conducted by NITTTR and Vocational Rehabilitation Centre established by the ministry of labour and employment Ludhiana for the hearing and speech-impaired persons.\"Communicating with these young persons who are aspiring for a career in hospitality industry is indeed a real challenge. With a view to overcoming communication problem during interviews, the services of two special sign language interpreters will be taken,\" said Saini. This special event was inaugurated by director, NITTTR, Chandigarh, on Wednesday who advised the deaf persons to make their career in the fast developing hospitality industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950601", "title": "Girls love Imran Khan's wicked bearded look", "text": "Imran Khan who has grown the stubble for his role in 'Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola' has sent all the girls in a tizzy.The actor has pierced his ears and has a bearded look for his role of a Haryanvi Jat in the film. He has not only worked hard on his role but also concentrated on his look in the film. However it is the girls who are going crazy about this new look that Imran is sporting for the film.A source friend of the actor reveals, \"Imran has been receiving a lot of fan mails which say that girls love the slightly rough and tough look which he has been sporting these days. His fans have been sending notes saying that they are loving the wicked look Imran is sporting due to his beard\".Even girls on the sets of the film loved his bearded look a lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946110", "title": "Durga Puja 2012: Filth, stench mar idol immersion in Yamuna river", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city saw off Ma Durga on Wednesday with light steps and heavy hearts. The thump of dhak and dancing on the Yamuna's ghats could not suppress the sense of a year-long void. But the voices chanting 'asche bochor abar hobe' (we will celebrate again next year) were joyful as large idols were borne close to the waters for immersion.Dashami (tenth and final day of Durga Puja) started with married women dressed in traditional red and white saris invoking the goddess (debi boron) and then daubing each other with vermillion (sindur khela) at Puja pandals. By afternoon, the idols had been brought to the ghats in colourful processions.However, the first sight of the river \u2014 itself a divinity in mythology \u2014 made the devotees recoil. Never a clean river, the Yamuna this time was filthier than usual. The surface was covered in white foam. The water near the banks was too shallow for immersion and the idols had to be left in knee-deep water for boats to drag them into the current later. The stench from the water also made staying on unbearable.Around 163 puja committees that had registered with the South Delhi Immersion Committee and more than 150 unregistered puja committees brought idols to the Kalindi Kunj Ghat alone. \"Every year, the river gets worse. Industrial effluent produces foam that is toxic. But we are doing all we can so that at least the decorations from idols don't choke the channel further,\" said Anjan Mukherjee, convener of the committee.A separate enclosure was created for devotees to immerse flowers and decorations from the idols. Many were found flouting the rule and immersing the idols along with decorations. A lot of plastic and waste was also dumped. Mukherjee said eight professional divers deputed by the department of irrigation and flood control were on duty to help non-swimmers.Basori, a diver who lives on the bank, said the water seemed extremely polluted this year. \"We swim in this water every year. This time, the stench is horrible and the foam from the effluent is making our job more difficult. The Yamuna is cleaner while crossing Panipat, Sonepat and other upstream areas, but as soon as it enters Delhi its waters get contaminated by sewage discharged from various drains. The water in some parts is quite deep, around 20 feet, but it's filthy,\" he said.People danced to the dhak on the ghats before immersing the idols, but many devotees seemed troubled by the pathetic state of the river. \"From far off, the river looked white. I was wondering what it could be. It's a great disappointment that the goddess has to be immersed here,\" said Ronen from Ashoka Enclave Sarbojonin Durga Puja Samiti, Faridabad.Immersion of the idols also marked 'Vijaya Dashami' for Bengalis who wished each other 'Shubho Bijoya' (auspicious victory) to mark the victory of Ma Durga over evil. There was much socializing and feasting to celebrate the occasion.Meanwhile, there were reports of two youths having drowned during immersion at the Kalindi Kunj ghat and Wazirabad. However, police didn't confirm the incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16949870", "title": "Infosys founder NR Narayana Murthy receives 2012 Hoover Medal", "text": "WASHINGTON: Infosys founder NR Narayana Murthy has been conferred with the prestigious 2012 Hoover Medal in recognition of his philanthropic activities in India.Former US Presidents Herbert Hoover , Dwight Eisenhower and James Earl Carter are among some of the prominent recipients of this annual award established in 1930 to recognize great, unselfish and non-technical services by the engineers to humanity.Murthy was awarded with the prestigious award on October 2 at the Global Humanitarian Technology Conference in Seattle .The 70th recipient of the award, Murthy was recognized for establishing a foundation that forges outstanding improvements in healthcare, social rehabilitation, rural uplift and education following his formation of Infosys, an innovative company that provides business consulting, technology, and engineering services in over 30 countries.In 2008 the former Indian President, APJ Abdul Kalam , had received this award.The Hoover Medal is administered by a board representing five engineering organizations: The American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the American Society of Civil Engineers, the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, the American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical and Petroleum Engineers and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946927", "title": "Kingpin in cartridge case still at large", "text": "INDORE: Even after two weeks of arrest of a Dhar-based youth with 250 live cartridges in a neighbouring Rajashthan, police have failed to arrest the kingpin.Dhar superintendent of police (SP) Sushant Kumar Saxena said police have arrested two persons in this regard but the mastermind is still at large. However, the case is not serious, he said adding that all the cartridges recovered from the youth were suited for country made pistols only.It is pertinent to note that there are some members of 'Sikligar' community who are allegedly involved in making country made pistols in nearby areas and the bullets may have been smuggled deliver them. Saxena hoped police would soon arrest the kingpin. He refused to furnish any detail about the main accused as it may help him.A youth was arrested on October 11 carrying 250 live cartridges from Gangapur city railway station in Rajasthan while boarding Amritsar-Mumbai train. The accused was carrying 250 live cartridges in a belt tied to his chest. Gangapur railway station is in Sawai Madhopur district.During preliminary interrogation, the youth told that he was supposed to handover the cartridges to someone in Dhar district. He had received them from a local in Gangapur city. The local police immediately contacted to Dhar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16946389", "title": "Four held for smuggling red sanders wood", "text": "MANGALORE: Sleuths of Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI)'s regional unit landed a huge catch of red sanders wood that was sought to be exported illegally to Jebel Ali, Dubai, UAE on Ayudha Puja day.The sleuths arrested four persons from Kerala and recovered 240 red sanders wood totally weighing about 5,810 kg found concealed in a container.The said goods were not declared to customs for export and were attempted to be smuggled from India.On the basis of intelligence information, the sleuths searched one container belonging to Kochi-based M/s Rnath Exports, which was kept ready for export in the container yard at the New Mangalore Port on Tuesday. The containers were declared to contain plywood for export to Jebel Ali, Dubai, UAE. On examination of the relevant container, logs of red sanders wood were found.Export of Red Sanders Wood is prohibited as it is an endangered species, DRI officials said.The arrested are Mustafa Abdul Rahman, 50, 0f Valapattanam, Alavil, Kannur; Abdul Kalam, 43, Vazhakkad, Mallapuram, Edward George, 36, Aluwa, Ernakulam, and Salih MK, 44, Thalassery, Kannur.The sleuths seized the goods under the provisions of Customs Act, 1962 and deposited it in customs godown. Total value of the said seized goods is Rs 58,10,000. The plywood, about 300, valued about Rs 5-lakh found in the said container was also seized.Based on information given by Mustafa, DRI sleuths seized another 162 logs weighing 4730 kg valued at Rs 47,30,000 meant for export and kept at a godown near Boloor. Further, Mustafa had planned to flee to Malaysia via Chennai immediately after giving effect to above mentioned smuggling attempt.Abdul Kalam supplied the Red Sanders Wood for export. Mohammed Salih has arranged for the storage and transport of the said goods.Edward George has assisted Mustafa in his export operations and financial operations. The offence committed by the accused has serious ramifications undermining the fabric of Indian economy and ecological balance.The department is pursuing further investigation in the case. The investigation exploring all angles is yet to be completed and follow up actions are to be completed. Certain other persons who abetted the offence are yet to be traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16945559", "title": "Bogus institutes back in business", "text": "KOCHI: The city is fast emerging as a hub of bogus educational institutions. Police had recently conducted a crackdown on such illegal institutions but new ones have emerged, feeding on the aspirations of both domestic and foreign students.Many institutions conduct courses that do not have any necessary approval while others dupe youngsters from Southeast Asian countries by bringing them to India as students on tourist visa violating rules.As per a police investigation, only two institutions conducting marine technical courses have the mandatory approval from the Directorate General of Shipping and the National Council of Education Research and Training (NCERT) while other institutes offering technical courses lack approval from the agencies concerned.\"These institutions dupe students by issuing catchy advertisements and collect fees ranging between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 3 lakh for technical courses. Though we have cracked down on many such institutions in the recent past, new ones have sprung up,\" said central sub inspector A Ananthalal.Special Branch inspector Muhammed Nizar, who conducted a detailed probe into activities of such institutions, said there were at least 20 of them in the city operating without any valid approval now. These new institutions organise courses after affiliating with those in other states that have approval from the relevant authorities.Ananthalal said they have launched a hunt for a person identified as Fazal who was running two such illegal institutions in the city. \"Basically, it is students from rural areas who fall prey to these institutions. There are parents who have sold their land to pay fees at these institutions,\" he said.In another incident, nearly 40 foreigners had a narrow escape from the penal provisions of the law as they left Kochi before the city police could nab them for violating visa rules.Police stumbled on the illegal activities of private educational institutions in duping foreign students recently when they nabbed two Malaysian youths in an inebriated condition from M G Road. \"Youngsters from South East Asian countries are brought to Kochi by a group of institutions on tourist visas to enroll them as students. Foreigners could be enrolled as students only if they are issued student visas,\" the officer said.He added that the students could not be blamed as the institutions were bringing them to the city by providing tourist visas. As per a preliminary probe, there were 40 such students in the city but they managed to leave the country on October 20. They would have been in jail now if they were arrested.Officials at the Foreigners Regional Registration Office (FRRO) said they would decide on initiating action against these institutions after getting the necessary approval from higher authorities.Kochi: Ignoring basic facts, like the authorized affiliation of marine institutes they apply to, has landed many a student in serious trouble.And, though rules are aplenty, the lack of mechanism on the part of authorities to check mushrooming 'illegal' institutes has resulted in chaos in this sector. According to officials, if a marine institute opens a branch office in another state or city, then they have to seek the approval of the director general of shipping (DGS) before offering marine technical diploma courses.\"No DGS-approved institute can even open a branch office without DGS approval. So the question of a DGS-approved institution giving affiliation to other institutions just doesn't arise. Any such activity is illegal. Any institute that runs marine technical diploma courses is inspected by a government surveyor and approval is granted after necessary checks and verifications,\" said principal of the Institute of Marine Engineers (Kochi) Sunil Xavier.Also DGS rules are clear regarding admission to foreign students. Foreign students, who have a valid education visa and have the required qualifications, can apply for the course. \"There is a huge demand for such courses, but the government has taken no steps to neither meet this demand nor regulate the service providers\", said educationist RVG Menon.Kerala high court had recently in an order said that institutions running marine technical courses, aimed at employment on board ships, without obtaining approval from the DGS are prohibited by law.The court further said that such institutes should be barred from conducting marine technical courses.Immediately afterwards, two marine institutes in the city came under the police scanner after students alleged that they were cheated by both colleges.After that, 500-odd students gheraoed the College of Marine Technology management members on October 10 and the central police registered a cheating case against the management.Ernakulam chief judicial magistrate directed Kadavanthra police to register a cheating case against the management of KITE Marine Technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953822", "title": "Sexual activity among 12-year-olds is 'normal'", "text": "Sexual activity among 11 and 12-year-olds - including those of the same sex - is normal, a new Federal Government report has claimed.The Australian Centre for the Study of Sexual Assault has listed \"peer-related sexual activity\" as \"developmentally appropriate\" for pre-teen children aged 11 and 12, the Courier Mail reported.It states that sexual activity between kids of the same sex does not mean they are homosexual.The \"developmentally appropriate sexual behaviours\" are listed in a new report revealing big brothers are five times more likely than fathers or uncles to sexually abuse young children.But the Australian Institute of Family Studies, which controls the Centre for the Study of Sexual Assault, is insisting that \"sexual activity\" does not refer to sex.\"Everyone knows that sexual activity does not mean penetrative sex,\" the institute's head of research, Daryl Higgins, said.\"Everyone who has done research in the field knows it is a broad range of things, from kissing to flirting,\" he said.Dr Higgins said that the list of appropriate and inappropriate sexual behaviours for children of various ages was a summary of research studies, and \"not advice to parents.\"However, child protection group Bravehearts yesterday said the list was \"a bit misleading.\"\"They probably needed to explain that a little bit better,\" Bravehearts research manager Carol Ronken said.\"At that age, exploration is perfectly normal - it's the old 'first-base' thing with kissing, but not actual penetrative sex,\" Ronken said.The federally funded incest report reveals that most parents usually ignore, deny or downplay sibling sexual abuse as child's play.Little sisters are the usual victims, but often won't tell on their abusive brothers for fear of \"rocking the boat.\"\"Sibling abuse is an under-reported and hidden crime,\" the report said.\"(It) has historically been ignored, minimised or denied by parents, professionals and authorities as benign sexual experimentation.\"\"(But) studies indicate that sibling sexual abuse is more prevalent than other types of intra-familial sexual abuse.\"Siblings often used their hands and feet to subdue the victim, or used verbal coercion, threats, bribery or trickery.About eight in every 10 victims are younger than 13, the study said, but many fear telling their parents.Dr Higgins urged parents to seek counselling for all their children if they suspected abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953249", "title": "Choreographer Nishant turns actor with Gumrah!", "text": "Choreographer Nishant Bhat seen on the last three seasons of dance reality show, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa on Colors, makes his debut with fiction!Nishant has been roped in for an episodic of Gumrah-End of Innocence on Channel V. Nishant plays a character called Bhanu and the story is a love triangle that revolves around three friends wherein the guy and girl (played by different characters) are dating one another. Nishant as Bhanu plays their friend. Sources inform that the two guys will fight over one girl who breaks up with her boyfriend and ends up liking Bhanu (Nishant) on the rebound.When Bhanu's (Nishant) friends eventually break up with his girlfriend, the girl ends up getting pregnant. Things take a turn for the worse when she approaches Bhanu (Nishant) and he refuses to shoulder responsibility for the child that's not his! Further, all the families get involved and his friend ends up shooting his ex-girl friend.Nishant Bhat confirms the news, \"Yes I am doing an episodic for Gumrah and I'm excited. It's a new experience that I want to try. Just the way Sonu Nigam is a singer who acts and Priyanka Chopra is an actress who sings, I also want to be a choreographer who acts. I'm getting many good offers but it's too early to talk about those\".Nishant has shot over the last two days and the episode is expected to air next week. Nishant was seen as popular television actress Giaa Manek's choreographer in season 5 of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16949850", "title": "Two held in separate molestation cases in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Two separate cases of molestation were reported from Bhandup and Kanjurmarg on Monday.In the first case, the Kanjurmarg police arrested a 14-year-old SSC student for allegedly misbehaving with his neighbour's five-year-old daughter on Monday. The juvenile accused reportedly lured the minor girl of offering sweets in the morning when the girl was playing outside her residence and took her to his home and committed the offence.The matter was noticed when the minor girl went home and informed her parents that the juvenile lied her of giving sweets and took her to his house and asked her to kiss his body parts and reportedly misbehaved with her. \"The parents got annoyed and along with people from the neighbourhood caught the juvenile accused and handed him to the police. The minor girl told that the accused removed his clothes in front of her and asked to kiss him and misbehaved with her,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Bhandup division) Mahadev Gundewadi.The accused was produced before the juvenile court and has remanded him at Dongri Children Home.In the second case, the Bhandup police arrested a 27-year-old man for allegedly misbehaving with his neighbour's wife at midnight after entering the house on Monday.Committing such incident was not new for the accused Deepak Gavai. \"He was arrested a year ago by the Bhandup police for committing similar offence where he entered a house in the morning then and misbehaved with a housewife in presence of her family members. The trail in the case is on and he again committed similar offence,\" said Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.Gavai entered the house of 26-year-old victim after he managed to unlock the door by putting his hands from window. \"After entering the house, Gavai slept to the victim's side while her husband was sleeping on the other side. Few minutes later he pulled the victim's hand and tried to misbehave with her. She got up and found her husband lying flat on his stomach while a stranger sleeping next to her,\" said Nadgauda.The victim immediately called her husband and tried to remove Gavai from the house. \"Gavai stood firm in the house and assaulted victim's husband,\" said the police.Victim's husband called the locals and handed Gavai to the police. He was booked under IPC sections for 323 (assault), 354 (outrage modesty) and 452 (trespass).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16948946", "title": "President Barack Obama to vote early for presidential election", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama would cast his ballot on Friday for the November 6 US presidential elections, thus becoming the first US President to vote early in the country's electoral history.Obama, 51, will stop in Chicago during his 48-hour tour of several key battle ground states of Colorado, Ohio, Nevada and Virginia.\"I am going to stop in Chicago to vote before this 48-hour day is done,\" Obama said.\"I can't tell you who I'm voting for. It's a secret ballot. But Michelle (Obama) says she voted for me. That's what she said,\" Obama said.Under US laws voters get an option to vote ahead of elections, the date and duration of which varies from state to state.Obama campaign spokesperson Jen Psaki told reporters that in Chicago, Obama will \"make history by being the first sitting President to vote early.\"\"We can vote early in Illinois just like you can vote early in Colorado. And I've come back to Colorado -- and this may not be the last time you'll see me. I've come to ask you for your vote. I've come to ask you to help me keep moving America forward,\" Obama said in his remarks.A Time magazine poll released on Wednesday said that Obama is leading by the margin of two-to-one among early voters in Ohio.Making his last pitch efforts in key battleground States ahead, Obama passionately sought second term to achieve the goals that he has set for the country.\"I'm asking you to keep believing in me,\" Obama said addressing an election rally in Denver, Colorado.\"We're going to win this election. We're going to finish what we started. We'll remind the world why the United States of America's the greatest nation on Earth,\" said the US President.Referring to the five point economy revival plan of Mitt Romney , Obama said his Republican challenger has just one point plan.\"It turns out, it's not a five-point plan Governor Romney's got. It's a one-point plan,\" he said.Obama said he has kept many of the major commitments that he made.\"I told you we'd end the war in Iraq; we ended it. I said we'd end the war in Afghanistan; we are. I said we'd refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9/11, and now we've got a new tower rising above the New York skyline, and al- Qaida's on path to defeat. Osama bin Laden is dead. Our heroes are coming home.I kept those promises,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946011", "title": "Traffic crawls but fewer jams this time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion was reported in various parts of the city on Wednesday due to Dussehra. However, traffic snarls that usually result due to the festivities were at a minimum. Several processions for Ramlila and Durga idol immersions took place, leading to slowing down of traffic at various stretches.\"The traffic arrangements ensured that there was no inordinate jam. We didn't have to resort to any emergency diversions except the planned ones. Given the large number of processions, traffic movement remained quite smooth,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Traffic congestion was reported near Red Fort, Wazirabad, ITO and the eastern side of Yamuna pustas and thokars.Ramlila processions started around 4pm from Ram Mandir at Ramchandra Dehlvi Marg to Ramlila ground and back again later at night. A large puja procession took place in buses, trucks, tempos and cars from Kali Bari Mandir on Mandir Marg to Kudesia Ghat near Kashmere Gate ISBT that resulted in congestion in central Delhi.Meanwhile, several Durga Puja processions from C R Park, R K Puram, G K II and other colonies of south Delhi assembled at Nehru Place and moved towards Kalindi Kunj on Noida Bridge that slowed down traffic movement in south Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946893", "title": "Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh to hold relay path sanchalan on Nov 4", "text": "INDORE: More than 25,000 swayamsewaks are likely to participate in the \" Relay Path Sanchalan\" to be organized by Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) in Indore on November 4. The Prachar Vibhag Sangh of the RSS informed that the swamyamsewaks would start gathering on November 4 at Chimanbagh and would proceed from localities where the flag of RSS would be passed on in a relay form in continuity.\"This is being held for the first time in north India,\" said one of the pracharaks, adding that the relay sanchalan path has earlier been held in Maharashtra and other parts of south India. The objective of holding the march is to show the contiguity and solidarity in the organization.On Wednesday, the local unit of RSS organized sanchalam (march) to mark its foundation day on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16946117", "title": "Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation employees not using biometric attendance system", "text": "HUBLI: Two years ago, the Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) introduced the biometric attendance system to ensure punctuality among employees, but all of them don't use it compulsorily.Less than 70% employees use it, while the rest still use the manual system. Lack of awareness about this system is the main reason for not using this system.HDMC installed 17 biometric attendance systems in all zonal offices and corporation main offices at Hubli and Dharwad last year at a cost of Rs.8.75 lakh.An HDMC employee told TOI that when it was made compulsory for all when introduced, but gradually many employees went back to the old manual system.As authorities take both manual and biometric attendance into consideration for paying salaries, many have opted for the manual system. Many use it because they can come at any time and leave the office at any time citing any work reason whereas in biometric attendance, the employee has to be in office for the mandatory 9 hours (which includes the one-hour lunch), he added.Senior officers also don't question us for not using the biometric attendance and therefore it's not used compulsorily, said a clerk in the revenue department.NOT COMPULSORYHDMC commissioner YS Patil said, \"The biometric attendance system is not compulsory for executive officers and zonal officers. We're educating all employees about the importance of using it. Employees on outside duty have been exempted from using it, but now most employees using manual attendance system. We'll soon make it compulsory again for all to use the biometric system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950699", "title": "Rising malaria spread not linked to global warming", "text": "In a new study, researchers have radically challenged the existing ideas of how malaria, which is often seen as a consequence of global warming , will spread with rising temperatures.Previous models have predicted that the optimal temperature for transmission is 31 degree centigrade, but the new model suggests this is 25 degrees and that malaria transmission would drastically decrease above 28 degrees.\"Past models showed the whole world was going to light up with malaria - it was quite terrifying,\" New Scientist quoted senior author Kevin Lafferty, who is based jointly at the University of California, Santa Barbara and the US Geological Survey, as saying.However, the new model, which takes into account the effects of temperature on a variety of key aspects of insect and parasite physiology, suggests a different pattern.The new model agrees with past models that cooler areas without malaria like the African highlands, parts of Europe and the US, may warm up to give conditions ripe for transmission.According to study leader Erin Mordecai from the University of California, Santa Barbara, places currently most favourable for malaria transmission may not remain so in a warmer world.This model focuses on a key factor used to calculate the risk of spread of a disease called R0, or the Basic Reproduction Number. This measures the number of secondary cases that arise from a single case in a susceptible population.Past models have assumed a relatively simple relationship between R0 and temperature. The Anopheles mosquito which carries the parasite is cold-blooded, so models have typically assumed that with increase in temperature the propensity for the spread of malaria also goes up.But it is known that aspects of the life history of the Anopheles mosquito and the malaria-causing parasite it carries increase with temperature to a certain point and then rapidly decline above that temperature.The new model combines data from other studies on how factors like mosquito bite, parasite development and mosquito egg-laying rates change with temperature.Crucially, the team found that their model's predictions matched real data from 14 countries in Africa on the rate at which people were bitten by infectious mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12934550", "title": "Vasundhara used to run away from home", "text": "To avoid taking music lessons, Vasundhara Das, a renowned singer, used to run away from home. Although she had started learning Hindustani Classical at the age of six, she dreaded the music class.Famed for her playback singing in 'Shakalaka Baby,' Vasundhara is trained in Hindustani and Western vocals. Although, she enjoys acting, singing is where her passion lies. She has sung songs for various Malayalam, Tamil and Kannada movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951422", "title": "Mumbhai Connection selected for SAFF", "text": "Kannada film producer Atlanta Nagendra's recent film 'Mumbhai Connection' has been selected for SAFF 2012 (South Asian Film Festival 2012 at Goa, India). This is 8th Official film festival selection for Mumbhai Connection.It will be screened on October 26th. \"We will have the theatrical release shortly,\" says a happy Atlanta Nagendra who was the co producer of the film 'Rambo' starring Sharan and directed by Sathish.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16946671", "title": "Newborn Indian Gaur keeps zoo officials on their toes", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Indian Gaur calf born at the Thiruvananthapuram zoo on Tuesday seems to be giving some anxious moments to the officials. The condition of calf, born to Prithvi and Sushama that were brought from the Mysore zoo two years ago, is yet to stabilize. This has forced the zoo officials to keep a 24-hour vigil over the calf.The zoo-keepers are taking shifts to watch over the calf whose birth was preceded by a lot of anticipation. The last time an Indian Gaur gave birth at the Thiruvananthapuram zoo was in 1975. However, that calf had died after five days.A team of zoo-keepers led by the zoo vet has been giving special care to Sushama, the mother. She was given calcium supplements and vaccinations promptly. Sushama was also de-wormed after she was diagnosed with worm-infestation.Sushama's pre-mature delivery is also a matter of concern. Usually, gaurs conceive at the age of four. Sushama is still three years old and the calf seems to be weak. The current cold and wet weather is also not helpful.\"The mother and the calf have been shifted to a special enclosure due to the bad weather. They are being monitored constantly,\" a zoo official said. Even while maintaining a vigil, officials have left it to Sushama to take care of the calf.\"If human presence becomes frequent, the mother would not feed the calf and would abandon it. So, we are monitoring them from a distance. We don't even know if the calf is a male or a female,\" the official added. The zoo's other Indian Gaur inmate is Sundari, who was rescued from the forest a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16946066", "title": "Political leaders should desist themselves from assaulting journalists", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16951171", "title": "Nature's flying jewels get own park in city", "text": "INDORE: A park exclusively dedicated for the nature's multi-hued flying jewels has become an attraction for the city. Holkar College of Science has developed Butterfly Park on around an acre of land inside its campus. Perhaps the first of its kind in the state, the park boasts of around 20 species of butterfly each present in a large numbers.\"It is best time of the year to watch butterflies. A variety of species can be spotted,\" said Dr Kishor Pawar of department of Seed Technology, Holkar Science College.The authorities have planted various species of plants to attract the butterflies. As such, the park has over 5,000 trees and herbs of nearly 100 species making it the most attractive part of the campus and thereby becoming an oasis for the winged beauties. One of the many plants is cosmos that is known to attract 7 to 8 species of butterflies.Dr Pawar who was instrumental in establishing the park said that butterflies play vital role in maintaining nature's ecological balance by promoting pollination. Butterflies lay their eggs only on select plants. The choice of trees varies with the species of butterflies. Common castor for example lays eggs on castor plant while semi castor butterflies are known to lay eggs only on Rakhi plant.Dr Pawar said that patience and the art of stalking are essential for butterfly spotting. The best times to watch butterflies are when they are basking in the sun or are feeding on flowers or are chasing each others.Butterfly enthusiast Pramod Sharma said that the park is best place for butterfly spotters. \"The park needs to be maintained with intense degree of care and love as butterflies are sensitive and get affected by slightest change in environment. If the park is not maintained, the butterflies will stop coming and breeding here,\" he said.A survey conducted by an NGO recently revealed that till five years back, the city had around 40 species of butterflies. However, over 50% have disappeared mainly due to tree felling and rise in pollutions. However, starting a park for the butterflies will go a long way in increasing the count and species of butterflies in the city.The park is open to all for free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16954150", "title": "Apple iPhone 5 available for pre-orders in India", "text": "Apple iPhone 5 is now available for pre-orders in India and will start shipping in the first week of November. Online retailer Infibeam has listed the 16GB version of the latest iPhone on its website and is taking pre-orders for advance booking amount of Rs 5,000.Though Infibeam has not mentioned the price of the device, its iPhone 5 web page states that the remaining amount will be collected from buyers at the time of launch of the device. Buyers will have the option to pay the remaining amount via cash on delivery (CoD), debit card and credit card. According to a company executive, the booking amount will be refunded for those who are unable to pay the full amount at the time of launch.iPhone 5 is widely expected to be roll out in India in the next few days, although Apple has consistently declined to announce a launch date in the country. According to sources, the company may price the device between Rs 46,000 and Rs 61,000, depending on the variant.Over the past month, Apple has twice cut the pricing of the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S - the two older iPhones, marking a new first with the company. It also discontinued the three-year-old iPhone 3GS , in line with its worldwide practice.Apple iPhone 5, unveiled on September 12 this year, is the world's fastest selling smartphone and clocked sales of 5 million units over the first weekend. It features a 4-inch touchscreen with Retina Display technology and runs on A6 processor. The phone has Siri digital voice assistant, iOS 6, 8-pin Lightning dock, 8MP iSight rear camera with LED flash and 4G LTE compatibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945062", "title": "Chargesheet to be filed in advocate murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch is all set to file a chargesheet against the security guard who allegedly murdered advocate Pallavi Purkayastha at her Wadala flat in August. \"The investigations are almost over and we are awaiting the Forensic Science Laboratory's report on the weapon used in the crime. We will receive it in a day or two,\" said Arvind Mahabadi, assistant commissioner of police (crime).On August 9, the body of Pallavi, daughter of Delhi-based senior bureaucrat Atanu Purkayastha, was found with her throat slit by her live-in partner Avik Sengupta inside their 16th floor flat in Wadala (E). Both law graduates from Pune, Pallavi worked as a legal adviser in filmmaker Farhan Akhtar's Excel Entertainment Pvt Ltd while Avik worked with a share broking firm.The building's security guard, Sajjad Ahmed Mughal (28), a resident of Uri in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, was arrested for the murder from Mumbai Central station while he was about to flee the city. Mughal, who admitted to the murder, said he wanted to rape Pallavi as revenge for 'humiliating' him. He said he turned off the power to Pallavi's flat from the power mains on the ground floor, knowing she would seek help to fix the problem.Cops said the chargesheet against Mughal will contain details about his plan, besides his confession and the statements of around 28 witnesses. The electrician who came to repair the power line after Mughal switched off the supply from the board room, house helps, Pallavi's boyfriend Avik and the other security guard as well as Mughal's employer Ahmed Hamid Enterprises (AHE) are among those who will depose as witnesses. The police will also attach the call detail records (CDR) from Pallavi and Avik's phones to show that she was alive till 1am when she last sent a message to Avik through BBM. Forensic reports of Mughal's bloodstained clothes will also be produced. \"The chargesheet will contain Pallavi's post-mortem report and the DNA report of Mughal's hair and blood samples to prove his presence at her flat that night,\" said Shirish Sawant of the crime branch.On the day of the murder, Mughal turned off the power to Pallavi's flat twice, but she managed to restore it with the help of an electrician. In the meantime, Mughal stole Pallavi's house keys and reappeared while she was sleeping. He tried to force himself on Pallavi, a former national-level swimmer, but she fought back, tearing out a clump of his hair and injuring him. Mughal then pulled out a knife and slashed her throat.After killing Pallavi, Mughal washed his hands and, leaving the main door to Pallavi's house open, ran down the stairs with the murder weapon. Avik reached home in the morning and was shocked to see Pallavi lying in a pool of blood. He called the police. A day later, Mughal was arrested from Mumbai Central station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16947473", "title": "Student dies after inhaling pesticide fumes in flat", "text": "PUNE: An 18-year-old law student died after inhaling pesticide fumes at his rented flat in Narayan Peth on Tuesday. The Vishrambaug police said a private agency had been hired to spray pesticides in the flat on Monday.The deceased, Akash Rajkumar Mehtre of Latur, was a first-year student with a private law college in the city.Speaking to TOI, Akash's roommate Atul Patil said he, Akash and three other students were staying in the flat. \"We would get the agency to spray pesticides every three months. After the agency finished its job around 11am on Monday, we locked the flat and decided to return after 8pm,\" he said.Patil said that around 6.30pm, they got a call from Akash who said he was in the flat. \"Akash told him that he was feeling dizzy and had vomited too. We rushed to the flat to find him in a semi-conscious state. We took him to a nearby hospital. After a preliminary check, the hospital authorities told us to shift him to Sassoon hospital,\" he said.Akash was taken to Sassoon hospital, where he died around 2.30 am on Tuesday. His body was handed over to his parents after the post-mortem.Patil said that Akash was a good student and very friendly person.The Vishrambaug police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945141", "title": "Indian Grand Prix a remarkable product, says Monisha Kaltenborn", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monisha Narang Kaltenborn is an aberration for many people in Formula One . In a sport which has been seen only five women drivers, Kaltenborn has risen to the post of team principal of an F1 team, Sauber to be exact.Dehradun-born Kaltenborn, who arrived in the Capital on Wednesday, ahead of Sunday's Airtel Indian Grand Prix, believes F1 is here to stay in the country. She spoke to TOI on a variety of issues. Excerpts from the exclusive interview:A lot of people in India don't know what the role of team principal is. Can you explain?Team principal's role has changed a lot over the years. He or she is the first person for the team on the track and ahead of the team. They are eventually responsible for what goes on at the track and takes the final call on all issues.How has the F1 community responded to the Indian GP?Indian GP promoters bagged the award at the FIA gala last year. It shows the kind of admiration and appreciation that the FIA had for the promoters. It is a remarkable product and people have realized that. The warmth with which we were welcomed here in Delhi, a lot of people didn't expect it. We hope to establish ourselves here. We are not here to compare ourselves to cricket. F1 should be here so that Indian companies can make use of this event here. F1 has a lot of positives. It is emotional in nature and Indians are so emotional, it fits perfectly!How has team progressed so far this season? Will the BIC suit Sauber?The team has done a fantastic job, looking at the facilities and resources we have. It is the result of very disciplined and efficient work. We have to see ourselves very critically this year; it's the only way we'll learn. Indian GP track is not a problem for us, but it's not like Suzuka or Silverstone where we know we can do outstandingly.Have you finalized a replacement for Sergio Perez yet?(Smiling) We haven't finalized anything. I won't tell you anything more on that. We'll announce the decision in due course. You just have to wait for a few more races.Tell us something about your involvement with the program 'F1 in Schools.'It is an extension of my role with FIA Commission for Women in Motorsports. The F1 in Schools project takes the approach of integrating science, technology, engineering and mathematical straems and applying it into motorsports. The initiative is being run in more than 40 countries now and more than 1/3rd of them are girls. The aim is to promote involvement of women in motorsports by integrating it with the F1 in Schools program.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949734", "title": "Singer Amrita Kak gave birth to a baby boy", "text": "Bina Kak, minister for tourism, art and culture in the state government recently became a grandmother. Her daughter, Amrita Kak gave birth to a baby boy on Tuesday evening in a hospital in Delhi. Bollywood singer Amrita is married to businessman Riju Jhunjhunwala.Sharing her joy on phone from the hospital, Bina said, \"Both mother and son are doing fine. I am besides myself with joy. My chhoti has given me a wonderful gift. Riju has named him Jawahar. Now I am a grandmom of two wonders of joy.\" Kak's daughter-in-law Milan gave birth to a baby boy a month back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16945887", "title": "Sex racket busted in Kozhikode, five arrested", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police on Wednesday busted an interstate sex racket operating in the city and arrested five people, including two women, from a flat at Arayadathupalam.The arrested have been identified as Dijo Joseph alias Thomas Joseph (28), native of Alappuzha, T B Dennis (35), hailing from Wayanad, Muhammed Aslam (23), from Nellikode in city, Reena Jospeh (32), from Koorachund and Swetha (24), hailing from Banglore. They were arrested from Rani Apartments following a tip-off.The investigation team led by assistant commissioner of police (north) Prince Abraham and circle inspector of Medical College police M P Premadas also seized Rs 22,000, five mobile phones and a car from the team.\"Following the information we raided the G:3 flat of the apartment which was owned by one Jijo Jose, native of Chambakkulam in Alappuzha, and arrested all the five,\" said Premadas.According to police, Dijo and Reena stayed in the flat posing husband and wife.Dennis was driver in Bangalore who supplied girls for the racket from Bangalore. Another member of the racket Aslam helped the racket to supply girls to clients in different parts of the city.Police also said the racket had supplied girls to resorts in Wayanad and hotels in different parts of the district.Reena exploited some girls of her family for the purpose of sex racket, said police. Swetha helped the racket to maintain link with members of sex rackets in other states.Dennis was an accused in a case related to the sexual abuse of a minor girl at Varappuzha near Ernakulam.Prince Abraham said Dennis operated sex rackets in Ernakulam, Bangalore and Gudalur also. \"Interrogation is on and more details on the activities of the racket and their link with other rackets, that are active in other states are to be brought to light,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952928", "title": "Daniel Craig wouldn't go nude for 'Skyfall' sex scene", "text": "Bond girl Berenice Marlohe has revealed that her co-star Daniel Craig insisted on keeping his pants on when they filmed their shower scene for the movie 'Skyfall.'The 33-year-old beauty asserted that it was only after she begged him to take them off that Daniel obliged.\"He was very shy and when he saw me entering the shower, he was like, 'Oh my God',\" the Sun newspaper quoted Marlohe as saying.\"He tried to keep his underpants on for the shower scenes but I said 'No, come on, don't be shy. I will do anything to make you feel comfortable',\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946849", "title": "Meet to fast-track road projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: The law ministry will hold a meeting of all departments concerned on November 8 to find a solution to expedite green clearances for road projects. The meeting has been convened after the environment ministry flagged that any relaxation on \"green clearance\" norm for road projects needs amendment in acts.A highway ministry official said attention of the cabinet secretary-led committee of secretaries has been drawn to how environmental clearances and shortage of soil have hit road construction. At least 17-18 highway stretches \u2014 totalling 1,500 km \u2014 are awaiting environmental nod. \"Officials from our ministry, environment and forest and mines department are likely to attend the meeting called by the law secretary. We need to come up with solutions since delay of work or clearances of even one km is impacting a 100-km highway stretch,\" the official said.One of the major demands is delinking of environmental and forest clearances, which was the norm before April 2011. At present, environment clearance comes only after forest approval is obtained for a stretch. \"Delinking has to be in conformity with the law. Similarly, classifying soil as 'minor mineral' was done after a court order. The law ministry felt the need to hold a meeting since legal issues require scrutiny,\" said a source. The highways ministry has also been seeking relaxation from getting an NOC under the Forest Rights Act from panchayats, where the authorities need to fell trees that come under NHAI land. This change, too, requires law amendment. \"We want all widening projects should get green clearance as these stretches are operational. But we are not seeking relaxation for new projects,\" a road ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950305", "title": "Megan threatens to sue website over photoshopped 'naked' pics", "text": "Megan Fox's lawyers have issued a cease and desist letter to a US parody site, after five X-rated pictures were edited with the actress' face and were posted online.The photos on website Celebrity Jihad, which appear to show the 26-year-old actress completely nude, are actually fake and is the work of a Photoshop guru, the Mirror reported.According to TMZ.com , Fox's lawyers are far from impressed with the images, claiming that they are 100 percent fake and must be taken down immediately.The doctored images on the website included a few lines of description, one said, \"Megan Fox appears to pose naked in just a pair of high heel shoes in the sl***y photo.\"One picture of Fox while she was pregnant is accompanied with the headline, \"Megan Fox Looking Fat In A Bikini.\"\"While we appreciate Megan Fox's concern for her image, we find it hard to believe that a woman who spent two Transformers movies bent over with her breasts pressed together could have her reputation damaged by a blatantly satirical website,\" a representative for the website said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951215", "title": "Sujoy Ghosh and Parambrata together again?", "text": "After 'Kahaani' director Sujoy Ghosh has once again roped in Parambrata Chattapadhyay for his next project.It is stated that superb performance by Prambrata in 'Kahaani' and the film's grand success has convinced the director to once again cast him. Though the story is not yet disclosed but it is no more secret that Parambrata has cemented his position in Bollywood .Link: http://bengalimovies.org/news/parambrata-roped-sujoy-ghosh-s-next-11096", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946482", "title": "Aadhar to automate pension disbursal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is good news for more than 18,000 pension beneficiaries in the city including widows, differently-abled, underprivileged and people. From next month onward, if you have your Aadhar cards made, the pension amount would be directly credited to your bank account, the account number of which you provided in the Aadhar registration forms.The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), in collaboration with UT administration, is almost done with the formalities and would likely launch this new system of pension soon. Also, more facilities would be made available shortly which would require use of Aadhar cards. According to UIDAI and administrative officials, 8,000 beneficiaries have already been shortlisted, and notices were issued to nearly 10,000 pensioners advising them to get the Aadhar cards made at the earliest.UIDAI deputy director general Keshni Anand Arora said: \"The facility would be started in a fortnight. There exist around 40 centres in Chandigarh, including e-sampark centres, from where people can get the cards made. Around 70% populace is already part of the Aadhar project.\"It would soon be mandatory to produce Aadhar cards when registering vehicles, property and even for booking LPG cylinders. Scholarship to schoolchildren would also be provided this way.Deputy commissioner Mohammad Shahins said: \"The use of Aadhar cards is being slowly mandated. Registration counters are available at my office too.\"Also, Chandigarh has been included in the pan India category. With this, people from other states can also apply for their cards in the city by showing necessary documents.However, in case more than one application is received on a single name, all additional requests would be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946978", "title": "Global Investor Summit will help bring investors to the state", "text": "INDORE: As you all know that Madhya Pradesh, a centrally located state of India, has witnessed a rapid transition and vast development in almost each and every sector of business including infrastructure, energy and power, information technology, technical and management education, agriculture and food processing, textiles, pharma and healthcare. MP is now identified as the 'State Of Opportunities' on the world's business map, because it has created the investor-friendly environment and has a presence of big business houses, industries and brands, catering to different needs.The state has got a huge advantage of location as well as climatic conditions, which attracts many investors to come and explore various opportunities. Each and every city of MP is well connected to different parts of the country by air, road and railway network.India is contributing 59% of world's soybean production and MP is the fastest growing state in soybean farming and its cultivation in India having 60% contribution of production in the country and therefore considered as the 'soya bowl' of India.Ruchi Group is having credit of bringing up a small green revolution in the state by introducing and increasing soybean cultivation on a commercial scale. In the investor friendly atmosphere of MP, the Group has progressed a lot and apart from edible oil business having diversified business participation in multi products manufacturing activities viz, soya food processing, refined oils, vegetable oils, dairy and food processing, galvanized sheet, cold rolled sheets, renewable energy resources, real estate and hospitality and mining and mineral based activities.The government of MP is trying hard to attract investment opportunities, because it will lead to industrial, economic, social and educational development of the state and in this effort, it is holding series of investors' meets to facilitate the upcoming investors by reaching MoU with the government of MP for implementation of projects on fast track mode. It is why some of the IT majors of the world like Infosys and TCS have decided to set up their projects in MP.The forthcoming Global Investors Summit III 2012 in MP will also play a vital role in attracting more investors and big business houses to come and establish their operations due to better basic infrastructural facilities in the state compared to other states. I wish the upcoming Global Investor Summit a mega success.(The writer is executive director of Anik Industries)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952408", "title": "Duchess Kate is Britain\u2019s most beautiful woman", "text": "The Duchess of Cambridge has been named as the most naturally beautiful woman in Britain.Kate's classic English rose looks earned her the top spot in a poll of stunning celebrities, the Daily Express reported.Meanwhile, Pippa, 29 could only just scrape into the top 10.The British royal won because of her glossy chestnut locks - usually blow-dried into big, bouncy curls - and well-groomed fuller eyebrows, a look copied by thousands of women.Kate's glowing skin and minimal make-up also helped her secure 16 per cent of the votes.Second in the poll was 'This Morning' presenter Holly Willoughby , 31, actress Keira Knightley , 27, landed up in third place while Kelly Brook , 32, completed the top four.The survey for St Ives scrub polled 1,000 Britons.\"Celebrities without make-up is almost an alien concept in celeb land,\" Spokeswoman, Leah Doherty, said.\"However, recently we have noticed a whole host of celebrities all going au natural,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16947128", "title": "Huge rent for new district library bleeds exchequer", "text": "TRICHY: A newly-built district central library is expected to be inaugurated as the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has finally approved the building, which is in close proximity to the Main Guard Gate, an entrance to the Trichy Rockfort. The monument is maintained by ASI.Construction of the new building commenced by 2010-end at an estimated cost of Rs 3.74 crore in West Boulevard Road. Since then, the library, that has around 1,75,000 books and a 30,000-strong readership, has been functioning in a rented building in Sethu Ram Pillai Colony in Trichy. A library officer said they were spending Rs 45,000 on rent for the building. The construction of the new building became ready for inauguration a few months back, but it surprised everyone that the building was not inaugurated so far. The reason for the delay was that the application from the library administration to ASI was pending clearance.As per ASI norms, any building within 300 metres' from archaeological sites should follow specifications laid down by ASI. In this case, the new library building is situated 290 metres from the Main Guard Gate, the entrance to Trichy Rockfort.A library officer on condition of anonymity told TOI, \"We wanted to construct a three-storey building for the new library at the site. Since we had to get ASI clearance, we sent our application to the headquarters at New Delhi. After a thorough examination, ASI approved only a two-storey building. It took a long time to give the clearance and hence the inauguration was delayed.\"On the contrary, there are lots of commercial multi-storey buildings functioning in close proximity to Rockfort.The officer further added that they would try again for approval for one more floor after inaugurating the building. They planned to have a conference hall on the second floor. Both ground and first floors have come up on 17,000 sq ft each. The two floors will provide a spacious atmosphere to readers. A browsing centre, exclusive sections for competitive examinations and children's books will be dedicated to readers. A 100 KVA diesel generator has been installed in the library to provide uninterrupted power supply.The district central library had been functioning in 1950 in Kamarajar Mandram and then in 1988, it was shifted to Anna Diamond Jubilee building near Kamarajar Mandram in West Boulevard Road. However, both buildings were demolished recently, forcing construction of the new library building.The early inauguration of the new building would save the exchequer Rs 45,000 rental per month, said a library officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945909", "title": "Kidnapped boy reunited with kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dussehra brought joy to the family of the west Delhi businessman whose son was kidnapped on Sunday afternoon. Eight-year-old Pranav was found abandoned amidst fields in the Kasganj area of UP, police said. Although the suspected kidnappers are on the run, two men who allegedly sheltered them in Kasganj have been arrested and are being brought to Delhi.Anxiety gave way to celebrations at the businessman's house in C-block, Janakpuri as news arrived that Pranav was likely to arrive by late Wednesday evening. Later, police confirmed that the boy had reached Delhi at 10pm.Pranav was allegedly kidnapped by his neighbor's domestic help, Babita, and her boyfriend, Monu, for a ransom of Rs 50 lakh. Babita had reportedly arrived from Punjab to work at the house below Pranav's where her mother worked earlier. Raids are on at several places in UP to arrest Babita and Monu. Their accomplices were caught when a police team raided a street from where the two were trying to escape with Pranav.The kidnap drama started on Sunday evening with Pranav's father receiving a ransom call. Police placed all his phone numbers on surveillance, and by Monday noon the kidnappers' location was narrowed down to Kasganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16946823", "title": "Lock your car in parking lots!", "text": "BHOPAL: A gang of thieves from Tamil Nadu operating in the state capital in the recent past is mainly targeting cars parked in parking lots and at public places in Bhopal . The gang is suspected to be behind the spate of thefts reported from four-wheelers in MP Nagar and other city areas in the past few months.The city police had constituted a team to carry out investigations into such incidents. Police said it has been established that groups from Tamil Nadu are involved in such thefts. It got the lead from a CCTV footage of an incident in which Rs 1 lakh was stolen from an SUV parked outside Nisarga hotel in MP Nagar on October 21.It has been ascertained that this Tamil Nadu based gang had committed such incidents in Jabalpur and Rajasthan state as well, the police added. The gang operates around banks and hotels in the city. They stay in small hotels and lodges here. Their modus operandi is to commit few thefts in one city and then move on to other city, said additional superintendent of police Dharamveer Yadav, adding that the gang generally commits theft and not loots. They return to cities at regular intervals.A few members of the gang in question were arrested from MP Nagar in the year 2007 but they jumped the bail and are absconding since then.It is suspected that some of them have returned to Bhopal. The police are making efforts to catch them. Notably, more than three dozen incidents of theft have been reported from cars in the city during the past few months.The police officials say that public awareness could avert such incidents. As a precautionary measure, people should lock their cars in parking lots and after parking in public places. Similarly, if any stranger approaches you saying currency notes are lying on the ground, one should not abruptly turn around to pick them leaving valuables unguarded.Similarly, the hotel and banks should also come up with CCTV cameras so that identities of the visitors could be ascertained in case of any incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16947925", "title": "Infotel Broadband Services seeks nod for voice call services", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that will intensify competition, RIL-owned Infotel Broadband Services has informed the telecom ministry that it is ready for trial runs of a technology that would enable voice calls service on its wireless broadband network. Against expectations, Infotel Broadband Services (IBSL) did not apply for making bids for the spectrum auction, freed after cancellation of 122 telecom licences on the order of SC.The company has developed a technology in preparation of a unified licensing regime recommended by Trai under which consumers will be able to get voice, messaging and video using a single device, the source said. It has approached the Department of Telecommunication for allocation of number series to test its newly developed Voice over LTE(VoLTE) technology , official sources said.They said VoLTE technology would enable IBSL to work seamlessly with 2G, 3G, NLD and ILD networks. Termination and receiving of calls from these networks to IBSL network would be possible via VoLTE technology. IBSL had won 20 Mhz of pan-India airwaves for providing wireless broadband services in 2010 for Rs 12,847.8 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16950597", "title": "CBSE initiative to create awareness of corruption among students", "text": "CHENNAI: Catch them young, is what the Central Board of Secondary Education is aiming at through various programmes. This time the focus is on consumer awareness of corruption.As part of the Vigilance Awareness Week celebrations from October 29 to November 3, the board has lined up activities for students of various age groups on the theme 'Transparency in Public Procurement'.In a letter to principals of schools affiliated to the CBSE, director of academics and training Sadhana Parashar talks about how corruption has become a national issue - an evil that has spread its roots throughout our system and is affecting all walks of life. She added that it is a major hindrance in the development of a nation.\"Corruption needs to be uprooted completely from our system for the sustainable growth of our country. There is a need to bring transparency in public procurement and proper dealing of corruption prevailing in it. The future of a nation, that is students, need to be sensitised about this core issue,\" Sadhana Parashar said.Among the activities suggested are the making of banners and posters with slogans related to consumer awareness and essay writing on 'food adulteration and awareness' for students of Classes 6 to 8. Schools have been asked to expose older children to lectures on 'consumer rights and its importance' and seminars on topics like 'RTI and transparency in public procurement'. Students are encouraged to write essays on the 'role of media in bringing public awareness' and hold debates on topics such as 'Is e-payment an effective tool in reducing corruption'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16953894", "title": "IBM launches security solutions for mobile devices", "text": "PUNE: In a move designed to reduce the biggest security inhibitors that organizations face in implementing cloud, mobile and big data initiatives, IBM has announced a broad set of security software to help holistically secure data and identities. IBM has unveiled ten products and enhancements to help organizations deliver real time security for big data, mobile and cloud computing.IBM's new software capabilities help clients better maintain security control over mobile devices, mitigate internal and external threats, reduce security risks in cloud environments, expand database security to gain real-time insights into big data environments such as Hadoop, and automate compliance and data security management, a company statement said.Along with IBM Security Services and IBM's research capabilities, this set of scalable capabilities supports a holistic, proactive approach to security threats spanning people, data, applications and infrastructure, the statement added.Brendan Hannigan, general manager, IBM Security Systems said, \"A major shift is taking place in how organizations protect data.Today, data resides everywhere\u2014mobile devices, in the cloud, on social media platforms. This is creating massive amounts of data, forcing organizations to move beyond a traditional siloed perimeter to a multi-perimeter approach in which security intelligence is applied closer to the target.\"According to the 2012 IBM Global Reputational Risk and IT Survey, global senior executives identified IT risks -- ranging from data thieves to the use of emerging technologies including cloud, mobile and social media -- as a major cause of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949364", "title": "A second career for fun and that extra buck?", "text": "Having a second job will bring out a different dimension of your personality and help you earn that extra buck. Seema Khinnavar explores this trendDual careers are a great way of making the most of your hobby and spare time. While some take up a second job simply to turn their passion into something more productive, others pursue a second career for a quick buck.Unlike western countries, most organisations in India do not allow their employees to work as full time employees in another organisation. They believe it is unethical and can lead to conflict of interests. Your employer pays you for your services, a certain amount of your time and the resources you use to do their work. Using a particular organisation's resources and time to work for another organisation is considered to be unfair and can even lead to an initiation of legal action against the employee. So before taking up a second job, an employee should thoroughly review their employment contract or agreement for policies which prohibit them from taking up work in a different organisation.Pursuing a second full-time job can also be taxing. It is often assumed that the additional load of a second job can lead to a burnout and even jeopardise your current job. However, this scenario is slowly changing in India as more people are learning the tricks of efficient time and resource management to ably juggle multiple jobs together.\"I work as a software engineer at my day job, and in the late evenings, I work as the editor - in - chief of Between the Lines - a website that offers book reviews. I wanted to do something more constructive with my blog, and in turn, turned it into a fullfledged website. A typical day consists of working until 8.30 pm at office and working on my website 10 pm onwards. Giving equal importance to two things at the same time is difficult but it is a challenge that I enjoy. As long as I put in the required energy and time in my day job, I don't think my employers should be too unhappy,\" says Bastab Chakraborty, founder of Between the Lines website.Doing something worthwhile with your hobbies helps you get a much needed respite from your day job and might even lead to an increase in your productivity at work. Moreover, some people even prefer to share their professional expertise and skills by taking up teaching as a side job. Mohan Sinha, a fulltime working journalist, manages to take some time off his busy schedule and teaches journalism to aspiring media professionals. \"If you love doing something you make the time to do it. I enjoy journalism and teaching and to ensure that my teaching assignments don't cut into my work schedule I don't take on too many teaching assignments,\" explains Sinha.Today, as more and more organisations are looking towards cutting costs, downsizing and a flexible workforce, one employee often has to work on diverse and multiple tasks. Organisations welcome individuals who can work on different job profiles and multiple tasks. Moreover, people are no longer dependent on a single job profile to earn their living. Aditya Akash, who works as a freelance photographer also doubles up as a cinematographer and a film editor according to the situation's needs. As a freelancer, he often needs to work on multiple projects at the same time. \"It is not easy to work on different projects at the same time as they require separate schedules and meeting different deadlines. But I take it up as a challenge, as these projects help me understand what I can do and let me explore my own limits,\" says Aditya Akash.While working on different jobs helps you diversify your sources of income and add different dimensions to your personality, it is also important to be able to manage them efficiently. \"Today people are equipped with various skills and they easily get bored if they don't multitask. I prioritise my tasks by making notes of everything and setting reminders. Using online organising tools also helps me focus on different tasks,\" explain Ayesha D'- souza who works as the South Asia Field Organiser at 350.org.If you can manage your resources and time efficiently between two jobs and find time for yourself and your family, taking up dual careers is a great option. As long as your alternate career does not conflict with your company's interests and it does not consume your company's time or resources, no organisation will ever have problems with you pursuing an alternate occupation. Whether it is taking music lessons, or starting your own business , a second career will always work in your favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16952779", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's painting auctioned in New York for $3000", "text": "KOLKATA: Purple flowers on a bed of green leaves in acrylic and oil on canvas by West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has been auctioned in New York for 3000 dollars, her first painting to be sold abroad.With a reserved price of USD 2500, five bids were made before the painting titled 'Flower Power' was sold at 3000 USD to Sundaram Tagore Gallery, a spokesperson of the US-based NGO Children's Hope India which auctioned the painting to raise funds for the welfare of underprivileged children in India, told .The auction was held at a gala event in New York City to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the NGO.Founded in 1992 by a group of Indian American women professionals, Children's Hope India sponsors health, education and vocational programmes for thousands of children in India.Among other items, a cricket bat with the signature of Team India members including M S Dhoni and Sachin Tendulkar was auctioned for 15,000 USD.Out of about 200 paintings made so far by the Trinamool Congress supremo, this was was the first time her work went abroad. She has held three exhibitions so far.Trinamool Congress MP Derek O'Brien, who was also present during the auction, said the NGO had requested the chief minister to contribute a painting.\"Since it was for a good cause she readily agreed. She painted it two months ago at her office,\" said the party leader.Another painting was sent to Israeli Ambassador Alon Ushpiz in Delhi last week.\"He paid a courtesy visit on the CM and wanted to buy one of her paintings. Banerjee said she would gift it,\" said Derek, who had organised Banerjee's first sale-cum-exhibition in 2005.Titled '25 Hours In A Day', the first lot was sold for Rs four lakh.The second exhibition in 2007 fetched Rs 14 lakh and the proceeds were donated to the victims of Nandigram violence.Ahead of the last year's Assembly elections, her collection of 95 paintings were sold out within three days for a staggering price of more than a crore of rupees.The proceeds were used for the party's poll expenses.Derek said Banerjee's fourth exhibition with 50 paintings would be held in Kolkata early next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946175", "title": "CRPF men find J&K; safer than Maoist killing fields", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the Maoist heartland of Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district, a posse of CRPF jawans carrying night vision-enabled X 95 assault rifles patrols the road that snakes through thick forests. It's barely a few months ago that were posted in Chhattisgarh after a two-year stint in Kashmir. Yet, the CRPF men \u2014 belonging to different states from Kerala to Assam \u2014 already missed Kashmir sorely.Though counter-intuitive, J&K;, perceived as a graveyard for Indian security forces, has emerged as a coveted posting for CRPF men battling the Maoists. It is a telling statement on the challenge posed by the far-Left insurgents in contrast to the relative success of security operations in J&amp;K.;Currently, there are 65 CRPF battalions in J&K; and the force is trying to further reduce its footprint. In the Maoist zone spread across nine states, 70 CRPF battalions are posted and there is demand for more. Senior CRPF officers have to contend with scores of applications from officers and jawans citing reasons why they should not be posted in a Maoist-hit area.\"We could at least sleep in peace at night in Kashmir when we were not on duty. In Maoist areas, we are on tenterhooks day and night,\" said a CRPF commandant.CRPF is the nodal agency conducting joint anti-Maoist operations in nine states. Danger lurks in every corner of Maoist-hit areas. \"Maoists are an invisible enemy who can strike anywhere and at any time. It's easier fighting terrorists in Kashmir,\" said an officer who served in Kashmir.The Maoists fight a mobile guerrilla war. They have attacked police stations, camps and jails day and night. Dozens of security forces were ambushed and killed by Maoists.The biggest danger though is from landmines or improvised explosive devices planted by Maoists along roads and even outside schools. For instance, Maoists planted landmines and blew up a school where the CRPF had camped in a village in Jharkhand's Khunti district about two years ago. Security forces in anti-landmine vehicles, too, are killed in landmine explosion. Maoists blew up an anti-landmine vehicle on October 18 in Bihar's Gaya district killing six CRPF men.There are many instances of killing of security force personnel not on duty or while carrying ration in civvies for remote camps in Maoist-affected areas in Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh or Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947035", "title": "Evil vanquished", "text": "Dussehra was celebrated with pomp and show with the burning of Ravan effigies at more than 100 locations in the city. Fairs were also organized to mark the occasion. While the celebrations were traditional at most venues, actors also focussed on eradicating drug abuse and female foeticide.President of Urban Estate Ramleela-Dussehra Committee Shiv Gupta said they based their show on promoting a drug-free state. \"A presentation was also given by members of Doctors Opposing Sex Selected Termination (DOSST) cell against female foeticide,\" Gupta said.President of Rajguru Nagar Dussehra Committee B M Kalia said that this year, height of the Ravan figure was kept at 55feet. \"We created two small Ravans and named them 'Nashe Ka Ravan' so as to educate masses against drug addiction. People came in huge numbers and this served a fine opportunity. Kids enjoyed the special rides - a metro train, merry-go-round and swings,\" Kalia said.The primary attraction was the 80feet-tall Ravan effigy which surprised a large number of residents. \"I visited the mela in Daresi with my family. We enjoyed a lot. I have been coming here since childhood,\" said Gagan Chabbra, who is an income tax adviser and lives at Hambran Road.Similar melas were organised at other areas including Basant Avenue, BRS Nagar, Sarabha Nagar, Kitchlu Nagar, Jamalpur and Sector 32 on Ludhiana-Chandigarh Road. For security and safety of onlookers, more than 3,000 personnel were deployed in the city and these included jawans of Border Security Force and Indian Reserve Battalion, who were called in specially for the occasion. Also, the celebrations clogged the roads and people lined up at sweet shops in the city for jalebi and pakoras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946721", "title": "Not enough space: Residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as cops help commuters park their vehicles and navigate their way through jammed lots, residents rue inadequate space is forcing them to station vehicles along roads.Deepak Kalra, a resident of Sector 21 who often visits Sector 17, says, \"The situation is turning from bad to worse. On Tuesday, I had to park my car near MC office, as the parking lot was packed to capacity. Vehicles were parked haphazardly even at the entry and exit points. It's good that cops have been deployed there. They will check haphazard parking.\" There are 22 commercial parking lots in the city, of which over six are without contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16945797", "title": "Rs 30 crore swindled from fishermen", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A special investigation team has been constituted to probe a chit funds fraud, in which around Rs 30 crore has been swindled by an agent from people living in the coastal areas of the district.Deputy commissioner of police K B Venugopal and assistant commissioner Price Abraham will lead the team that has been formed as per a directive from chief minister Oommen Chandy .Lured by the attractive offers made by one P A Sudhir, as many as 200 fishermen in the Beypore-Vadakara belt became the members of Sangeet Chit Funds a few years ago. They were promised that the amount paid as the first instalment would be counted as remitted five times, and that the members would be given the whole chit amount. To convince them, Sudhir gave the whole chit amount to a few members.Sudhir had collected from chit fund members land documents, blank cheques and promissory notes saying these documents were necessary to get the money through banks.The fishermen came to know they were being duped only after they received summons from a Chennai court for cheating. Using their documents, Sudhir had filed cases against these fishermen. It has also been alleged that he pledged the land document of these fishermen in some new generation banks.Those duped by Sudhir then formed an action committee and submitted a complaint to the Nadakkavu police. But that did not yield any result. Following this, the members of the committee approached the chief minister seeking his intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946868", "title": "NCB gets new chief after 3 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), which has been without a full-time chief for almost three months now, may finally see its new director-general, Rajiv Mehta, an IPS officer of the Assam-Meghalaya cadre, take charge by November 10.Mehta was appointed as DG, NCB, on September 18, but could not assume charge as the Meghalaya government was reportedly not keen on sparing him. However, after some prodding by the Centre, Meghalaya has now assured it would relieve Mehta a few days after DGP N Ramachandran retires on October 31.The additional 10 days sought by Meghalaya are to ensure a smooth transition for the new DGP, reportedly B Kezo, who is currently on deputation to Nagaland as director general (prisons). Special secretary (internal security) in the Union home ministry, Ajay Chadha, will continue to hold additional charge of NCB till Mehta takes over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16950383", "title": "Price rise to hurt during festive season", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens will need to watch their spending this festive season. The prices of eight essential commodities like condiments &amp; spices, pulses, wheat, sugar, edible oil, tea, coffee and milk have risen by 18% on an average from September 2011 to September 2012 while per capita income of an average Indian went up by 10%, according to an analysis carried out by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM).Price rise coupled with increased demand is likely to hurt the common man during the festive seasons, said ASSOCHAM .\"The good demand due to upcoming festivals such as Dussehra and Diwali, inflation has taken several essentials like spices, edible oil and milk out of the common man's reach\", said Mr. D.S. Rawat, Secretary General, ASSOCHAM.While prices of spices, pulses, wheat, sugar have become dearer by 30%, 29%, 19% and 18% respectively, other essentials like edible oil, tea, coffee and milk saw upward moment in the range of 11%, 10%, 9% and 7% respectively.Commodities like various types of edible oil have become dearer by 25% to 65%. In addition, prices of milk, ghee, onion, maida, wheat and other items have risen by a minimum of 10% to a maximum of 60%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16954054", "title": "FIAPO joins Humane Society International to campaign for cruelty-free cosmetics", "text": "MUMBAI: Humane Society International has announced that the Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organisations (FIAPO) has become a formal partner of its Be Cruelty-Free campaign to end animal testing for cosmetics in India. FIAPO is a national collective of animal protection organisations in India and includes groups such as the Blue Cross of Hyderabad and CUPA in Bangalore.FIAPO is thrilled to be a part of Humane Society International's Be Cruelty-Free campaign to end animal testing for beauty products ,\" said FIAPO Chief Executive Arpan Sharma. Statistics on animal testing in India are unclear, so whilst we do not know how many poor creatures are being used to test cosmetics, we do know they are suffering unnecessarily because India has yet to fully utilise available non-animal alternatives. Humane methods of testing are at the forefront of modern science and together with Humane Society International, we look forward to the Be Cruelty-Free campaign encouraging India's laboratories to embrace these advanced methods and to India's laws mandating their use,'' he added.FIAPO has identified safety (toxicity) testing as a priority area of work, so joining forces with HSI to tackle cosmetics cruelty is a logical campaign fit. Together, FIAPO and HSI will raise consumer awareness of cruelty-free cosmetics and lobby India's policy makers to bring about a change in the law. Be Cruelty-Free is a global campaign running across several parts of Asia, Europe, North and South America, Australia and beyond.Humane Society International's Be Cruelty-Free campaign will be greatly strengthened by our alliance with FIAPO , '' explained N G Jayasimha, India director for HSI. While we have much work to do, we know that the Indian public cares very deeply about animal suffering and we hope that our lawmakers will join in our determination to make India a world leader in safety testing without animals,'' he further stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950531", "title": "NTR\u2019s Baadshah releasing on March 28", "text": "Jr. NTR's stylish action entertainer Baadshah will release on March 28, 2013. The film's producer Bandla Ganesh, who is pretty kicked about the way the film is being shaped up, shared this news on his micro blogging site. He earlier announced that the film will hit the screens for 2013 summer but this time around Ganesh has announced Baadshah's release date too. The producer adds that Baadshah will be the biggest release in NTR's career as the film is gears up for a wide release.\"BAADSHAH will be on screens on 28 march. A sreenuvaitla film, It will be a biggest film in NTRs career. I am very happy about the output.\" (sic), posted Bandla Ganesh.Kajal Agarwal is playing NTR's love interest for the second time in this film after Brindavanam (2010). SS Thaman is composing the music while Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan are providing the script. Director Sreenu Vaitla is currently filming action sequences on NTR and other support cast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950960", "title": "Justin Timberlake's wedding video mocks homeless people", "text": "Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel's reputation for championing charitable causes may take a hit after it emerged that a video was screened at their wedding, which used homeless people as a comedy device.According to Gawker, the video was made by the singer's real estate agent friend Justin Huchel, and shows what appear to be real homeless people on the city streets purporting to be acquaintances who couldn't make it to the ceremony, the Daily Mail reported.The video starts with the message, \"greetings from your Hollywood friends who just couldn't make it.\"It starts with a man missing several teeth saying: \"Jessica and Justin, I ain't seen y'all in a while. The gift is in the mail.\"The film then switches to a transvestite, who says: \"Good luck and watch your man.\"It closes with a shirtless bearded man, who said: \"Justin, Jessica, it's me, Herbert.\"The full film is actually 8mins and 30secs long, and at points features Timberlake's solo hit SexyBack.A man's voice is heard speaking off-camera at one point, apparently Huchel's, and he asks a man when he last saw Timberlake and Biel, adding, \"Did you and Jessica mess around?\"After the brief messages it fades to black screen with the titling, \"Love Huch and Rachel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16946441", "title": "NSUI election process underway", "text": "MANGALORE: National Students Union of India (NSUI) Pradesh returning officer Amarnath Reddy announced here on Wednesday that November 5 will be the last date for submitting membership form for organizational elections in Karnataka. Students including aspirants for organizational elections from various colleges in the state may submit membership form to the District Returning Officer (DRO) of their respective districts, who will be appointed shortly, Amarnath told reporters.\"So far we have enrolled 21,14,240 members and 71,376 office-bearers were elected at various levels starting from colleges. NSUI has formed units in 10,648 colleges across the country. The organization will start the next round of internal elections in colleges across 22 states soon. Only regular students can become members of NSUI and there should at least 25 student members in a college for the organisation to hold elections,\" he said.The poll will be held in colleges to elect presidents, vice presidents and three general secretaries, wherein one post is compulsorily reserved for women. District committee will have 15 office bearers and the state committee with 21, he said adding that students also enroll their names online to participate in elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952161", "title": "Condolences pour in for Jaspal Bhatti", "text": "Condolences poured in for popular comedian Jaspal Bhatti, who died in a road accident today, with various political leaders and eminent personalities expressing grief over his sudden demise.In Chandigarh, Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal and his Haryana counterpart Bhupinder Singh Hooda expressed grief over Bhatti's death.Describing Bhatti as a multi-faceted personality and a son of soil, Badal said that the comedian, through his rare sarcastic humour and wit, made enormous contribution in sensitising the public in eradicating social evils.Hooda said Bhatti was known for highlighting problems of the common man in a satirical manner.\"Bhatti would be long remembered for his television series 'Flop Show' and mini capsules 'Ulta Pulta' ,\" he said.In Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav also expressed condolences on the untimely death of Bhatti.In his message, Akhilesh also wished for a speedy recovery of those injured including Bhatti's son in the accident.\"Bhatti had mastered the art of highlighting issues related to public through satire and humour, and presented them before the people through TV programmes, forcing people to ponder on them,\" Yadav added.Meanwhile, several personalities, including 'Flying Sikh' Milkha Singh and comedian Gurpreet Ghuggi were among those who visited Bhatti's residence.Bhatti's body will be brought to Chandigarh from Jalandhar for cremation in the evening.The accident took place in Jalandhar when Bhatti's car hit a roadside tree near Shahkot in Nakodar area of the district.Bhatti, 57, was going to Jalandhar from Bhatinda for the promotion of his Punjabi film 'Power Cut' scheduled for release tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16945877", "title": "Grand Kerala Shopping Festival: Corporation to submit list of suitable venues", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation will submit a list of venues in the city to the tourism department that are suitable to host the Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (GKSF).At a special council meeting on October 22, the civic body had revoked its decision to grant the tourism department permission to host the GKSF at the EMS Corporation Stadium from December 8 to 15.\"We will send a list of suitable venues that will include Kozhikode Beach, Kerala Sops and Oils' land at Gandhi Road, the marine ground at the beach and the Sarovaram ground,\" said mayor A K Premajam.\"It will be send after the Pooja holidays,\" she said.She also said that the letter would give a detailed account as to why the corporation had revoked its decision taken in this regard at the October 15 council meeting.Trying to clear the confusion prevailing over the letter sent by tourism minister Anil Kumar seeking permission to host the shopping festival, the mayor said the minister, in his letter dated October 4, had sought the corporation's permission to host the GKSF at the Corporation Stadium from December 8 to 15.\"Many people have been saying that the minister had sought permission only to hold GKSF's inaugural function. I want to make it clear that the minister had sought permission to host the shopping festival from December 8 to 15 in the stadium.The minister had never mentioned in his letter that the permission was being sought only to hold the inaugural ceremony,\" she said.The special council meeting on October 22 was convened after people from various walks of life protested against the civic body's decision to grant the tourism department permission to host the GKSF in the Corporation Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16946991", "title": "No wellness holidays please, we\u2019re Indians", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indians are indulgent gluts who would much rather read about wellness retreats than go to one. A travel survey has found that while awareness about ayurveda and wellness resorts was as high as 60%, for an equal number of travellers a vacation means bingeing on junk food, alcohol and smoking.TripAdvisor, a travel site, surveyed 5,800 people on health while on a holiday. According to the survey, 60% travellers indulged more on food and only 22% tried to eat healthier diet on vacation. About 63% agree their consumption on junk food increased. Incidentally, 61% said they were familiar with the concept of wellness holidays. But when asked if they would take a holiday to wellness resorts, only 31% claimed to have visited a spa resort on a vacation. The response to ayurveda resorts, yoga or meditation retreats is low at 14%-15%, while detox and weight loss retreats notched only 4%.TripAdvisor country manager Nikhil Ganju said, \"Our survey has revealed an interesting dichotomy in the behavior of Indian travellers when it comes to health on holiday. While the survey points to a growing awareness and adoption of wellness and fitness holidays; on a regular vacation indulgence still seems to be the agenda for most people.\"On the indulgence front, among those who drink, 61% confessed to hitting the bottle more than usual on holidays. Only 39% managed to exercise restraint, drinking the same or less than their usual habit. Cigarettes are a vice that travellers appear to have better control over, with only 28% puffing more. Those who admitted to smoking, 39% were non-smokers who light up only on a holiday. About 49% holiday-goers sleep fewer hours on vacation than they do at home. Despite this \"decadent\" agenda, 81% said they felt refreshed after their holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16947435", "title": "As Damini improves, dad gets windfall", "text": "JAIPUR: A week ago, Bablu, a rickshaw puller was cursing his luck as he was forced to carry his one-month-old motherless daughter Damini in a sling while ferrying passengers in Bharatpur.Now, baby Damini who is recuperating at Fortis hospital in the city, has brought him a windfall.After TOI published the story of Damini, help poured in from across the globe, including the US and Pakistan. Till date, Bablu has received Rs 14 lakh in his account. He now plans to bring up his daughter properly. The icing on the cake is that doctors told Bablu Damini's condition is improving.Infant Showing Signs Of Improvement, Father Has Now Rs 14L From Donations\"The ventilator was already taken off and she has started showing signs of improvement. She has also gained 2.2kgs of weight,\" said Bablu on Wednesday.\"The oxygen and blood pressure support was taken off in the afternoon . We have also started full feeding of the infant thus stopped the intra venus (IV) fluid. However, the biggest challenge would be still of her nutritional rehabilitation,\" said doctor Jai Kishan Mittal, who is treating her.Doctors maintained that the situation of the infant is in control but yet to be termed as 'out of danger' . At the Fortis hospital, Bablu and his daughter are celebrities as everyone knows them. Many people are coming to meet them. Some are financially helping the man while many are bringing clothes for the little baby.\"I think it is God's wish that I should take care of my daughter well. My phone keeps ringing all the day when people introduce themselves and tell me that they have transferred some money in my account . Many have also promised me to meet me at Bharatpur the day my daughter would be discharged. Some of the bankers told me that my account is being credited almost on a daily basis,\" said Bablu.He added that for the last one week he is getting phone calls from America, Abu Dhabi, Dubai and even Pakistan where people are not talking as strangers but as if they have some relation with the girl child.\"I think my daughter is now world's daughter. All my prayers have been answered. Last one week was a mix of sorrows and happiness. God has given me everything and I pray that I should walk along with my daughter to Bharatpur. Since I am an illiterate person I will see to it that my girl get proper education,\" said Bablu in an emotional note.Gyan Prakash Shukla, district collector also came to meet the infant and Bablu could not resist touching his feet. \"He is no different from a God to me. Since October, 19 he has been calling me on everyday basis to ask about my daughter's help. I had thought that a person like me can't expect any help from anyone but last one week has been inspiring for me as well,\" he added.The infant's mother died on September 20 after delivery and there was no one to look after her, so her father was forced to carry her in a cloth sling around his neck while driving a rickshaw in Bharatpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946574", "title": "Ramlila ground parking entry only from Ramniwas Bagh", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority has finally decided that the entry and exit of vehicles at the multi-storey underground parking at Ramlila ground will be from the Ramniwas Bagh by interconnecting both parking spaces of the two areas.After critically examining three designs, the most suitable one has been selected by the department. It will be soon sent to the state government for approval. \"To reduce traffic problems and utilise space, we have decided that the best option is to interconnect both the parking and allow entry and exit of vehicles from Ramniwas Bagh\" said an official.\"No gate has been proposed at MI Road as it creates huge traffic chaos in the area,\" he said.Once the design gets approval, approximately 288 cars can be parked at Ramlila Maidan. There will be space for 128 cars on surface, while 160 cars can be accommodated in mechanical parking. There will be space for 52 motorcycles and scooters.The JDA has to construct multi-level parking on the 7,500 sq mtrs at Ramlila Maidan situated near the heritage wall. Nearly 25 sq m parking space is required for a single car and around 12.5 sq m for a scooter.Apart from designs approved, the JDA in the second design has proposed a ramp for Ramniwas Bagh basement parking. The design was not accepted as official believes there was already space crunch and it could lead to traffic jams. As per the second design, nearly 285 cars could be parked. Around 120 cars can be parked at surface, while 160 cars can be parked in mechanical parking. However, if the design was approved, space would be available for only 18 motorcycle and scooters.The third option suggested constructing a ramp as well as underpass. However, only 279 cars can be parked which is the lowest of the three.The project was recently taken out of the jurisdiction of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) and given to JDA by urban development minister Shanti Dhariwal. After the decision, the JMC has also transferred all relevant papers to JDA.The project was initially proposed in 2010 under the jurisdiction of JMC. However, the company that was awarded the work did not begin the project despite several reminders. The project crashed as JMC cancelled the tender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16951591", "title": "Timo Glock confident of better show from Marussia", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian GP is three days away and there are a few more eage for D-Day to arrive than Timo Glock . The German driver from team Marussia failed to finish at last year's inaugural GP at the Buddh International Circuit , and Glock can't wait to turn things in his favour this time around.\"To go out last year was unfortunate. Let's see what we can do this year,\" said Glock who was in the city on Wednesday. The lack of the Kinetic Energy Recovery System (KERS) in the Marussia cars is a disadvantage that Glock knows he has to deal with but the German is confident of putting up a decet show.\"We're not a team with a massive budget like most others and the KERS is an expensive affair. The only way to deal with this is to do better at the other aspects of the race,\" said Glock.Glock's 12th place finish at the Singapore GP was his best this season and feels a tenth place finish is what would be the team's practical target.The German, who started his F1 career in 2004 with Jordan and later moved to Toyota, said the Marussia team is a bit different.\"It is very different. At Toyota we had a lot of possibilities, big budget, lots of people working.It was a different scenario. Things changed and Toyota decided to step out which was a shame, I think, at that time. It is different here. But still I see possibilities here to move up and make it better,\" Glock insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950341", "title": "Ashley Greene splits from beau Reeve Carney", "text": "Ashley Greene is single again, after she split from Broadway actor Reeve Carney due to the couple's hectic schedules.According to sources, ten months after the 'Twilight' star and Broadway actor Carney took their romance public, the couple has called it quits.\"They are over. Reeve seems to be fine and it was just crazy with their schedules,\" Us magazine quoted a source as saying.A second source confirmed that the 26-year-old actress' hectic 'Twilight' press schedule and other projects took her away from her temporary home base in New York City, where Carney stages 'Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark.'\"She knows this is a pivotal time in her career.\"I wouldn't say I could never see them getting back together but right now they are doing their own thing,\" the source added.Greene, who has previously dated Joe Jonas and Kings of Leon bassist Jared Followill, admitted recently that she found it tough to make her love life a priority.\"I've gotten very good at detaching whenever I have to go away for three months, which I realize is hard on friends and kind of selfish,\" she told Marie Claire magazine.\"You go on a couple of dates, and then someone ships off to do a movie. It's not like you're going to fly out and see them, because it's not serious enough for that,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945170", "title": "Goa tourism development corporation hopes to get private players in tourism ventures", "text": "PANAJI: Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) chairman Nilesh Cabral on Wednesday said he hopes to \"value add\" to the GTDC's operations by involving private players, adding that he does not want to ask the government for money, either for upgradation of the corporation's properties, or for the introduction of new adventure tourism ventures such as zorbing (globe-riding), sea planes, hot air ballooning, paragliding, etc.After the success of the white water rafting venture during the monsoon, Cabral said that he has sent a proposal to the government for approval to start more adventure tourism projects on the lines of the above.Just like white water rafting, Cabral said that the other projects could also be initiated through private players. He added that GTDC's Colva residency is in very poor shape and needs to be re-built. \"Other properties also need to be upgraded and all this could be done through the participation of private players on some kind of revenue sharing basis,\" he said. The Curchorem MLA ruled out leasing the GTDC's properties to private players. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16950729", "title": "Even moderate drinking can damage brain", "text": "Drinking a couple of glasses of wine each day has generally been considered a good way to promote cardiovascular and brain health .But a new Rutgers University study has indicated that there is a fine line between moderate and binge drinking - a risky behaviour that can decrease the making of adult brain cells by as much as 40 per cent.Lead author of the study Megan Anderson, a graduate student working with Tracey J. Shors, Professor II in Behavioral and Systems Neuroscience in the Department of Psychology, reported that moderate to binge drinking - drinking less during the week and more on the weekends - significantly reduces the structural integrity of the adult brain.\"Moderate drinking can become binge drinking without the person realizing it. In the short term there may not be any noticeable motor skills or overall functioning problems, but in the long term this type of behaviour could have an adverse effect on learning and memory,\" said Anderson.Tracey Shors and Anderson worked with postdoctoral fellow Miriam Nokia from the University of Jyvaskyla in Finland to model moderate to heavy drinking in humans using rodents that reached a blood alcohol level of 0.08 per cent - the legal driving limit in the United States and many other countries - and found that brain cell production was affected negatively.The researchers discovered that at this level of intoxication in rats - comparable to about 3-4 drinks for women and five drinks for men - the number of nerve cells in the hippocampus of the brain were reduced by nearly 40 per cent compared to those in the abstinent group of rodents. The hippocampus is a part of the brain where the new neurons are made and is also known to be necessary for some types of new learning.This level of alcohol intake was not enough to impair the motor skills of either male or female rats or prevent them from associative learning in the short-term.Still, Anderson said, the substantial decrease in brain cell numbers over time could have profound effects on the structural plasticity of the adult brain because these new cells communicate with other neurons to regulate brain health.\"If this area of your brain was affected every day over many months and years, eventually you might not be able to learn how to get somewhere new or to learn something new about your life,\" said Anderson, a graduate fellow in the Department of Neuroscience and Cell Biology.\"It's something that you might not even be aware is occurring. This research indicates that social or daily drinking may be more harmful to brain health than what is now believed by the general public ,\" she added.The study was posted online and will be published in the journal Neuroscience on November 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16945281", "title": "Four arrested for Iffco job racket", "text": "GURGAON: Four persons have allegedly duped candidates of lakhs of rupees on the pretext of providing employment with the Indian Farmers Fertilizers Cooperative Limited (Iffco). They were arrested by the cybercrime cell of the Gurgaon police.An FIR was lodged on October 5 when several unemployed youths revealed the fake job offer letters at the Iffco office.The four accused were produced in a city court and while one of them is in four days' police remand, the remaining three were sent in judicial custody.\"The mastermind of the racket is still at large. The accused had placed an advertisement calling for applications for job openings in newspapers. We are interrogating one of the accused who is in four days' police remand,\" Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (East), said.The cybercrime cell did not disclose the names of the accused, but a source said that one of the accused was from Bihar, another was from Ghaziabad, and remaining two were residents of Kalyanpuri in Delhi.A senior police officer said that the racket would be unravelled only after the arrest of the main accused.On October 5 Subhash Chand, deputy director of Iffco, had lodged a complaint with police about the job fraud after learning about it from the duped youths who had produced the fake offer letters at the Gurgaon office of Iffco. The hoodwinked youths had to deposit a sum of Rs 12, 500 each.Members of the job racket had made a fake website, www.Kisanhelplineservices.com and used the logo of Iffco to lure the unemployed youths.In the interrogation, the accused revealed that they had duped around 100 people and had also run an office in Ghaziabad, where 11 women tele-callers were employed. They had managed six other fake websites.The accused were also operating many bank accounts in Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hisar and some other cities to have the job aspirants deposit the \"fees\".According to the cybercrime cell, the names of the accused were not being reveaqled primarily because they wanted to make more arrests in the Ghaziabad office of the racketeers. They had also allegedly cheated people in the name of mobile tower installation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16946500", "title": "Man framed in rape case acquitted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Jitu alias Taki Thakor eloped with his girlfriend Shital Chunara in 2009, he could not have imagined that he would be arrested for abduction and rape of the younger sister of the girl.The girl's family members put up the case and the investigating officer (IO) A A Pathan of Kadgadapith police station even prepared a chargesheet. Later, Pathan was arrested in connection with the hooch tragedy in which 148 persons died, and Thakor was acquitted by a sessions court as it came on record that the complainant and IO had tried to create a new identity for the girl to frame the boy.Additional sessions judge B J Dhandha exonerated Thakor of the charges of rape and abduction last month and observed in his judgment that the girl's mother Induben Chunara had created a case in which she produced a birth certificate of her younger daughter Minal, who was a minor at the time. This happened after the cop noted the victim's name as Shital alias Minal.The couple eloped on May 29, 2009, and a complaint of abduction was lodged. Upon their return, Thakor was charged with rape of a minor girl Minal too. When the case came up for hearing, Thakor's counsel Imran Pathan requested the court to grant some more time to him to establish that Shital and Minal were two different persons.Finally, when the trial commenced, advocate Pathan produced school-leaving certificates given by two municipal schools in Khadia area showing that Shital was 19 years old and Minal was a minor at the time of the incident. Principals of both the schools were examined as defence witnesses.The court was convinced with the arguments that the schools would not have any interest to state that Shital alias Minal was not one but two different persons. The court accepted the argument that the complainant mother had confused identity of the victim in order to implicate the boy and for this the prosecutrix was required to be shown as a minor.Moreover, the rape charge was not proved because immediately after the couple was brought to the city, the girl \u2014 Shital \u2014 made statements before the cops as well as before the doctor during her medical check up that she had accompanied the boy on her own volition. The girl had mentioned her name as Shital before police and not as Minal alias Shital. She had also stated that Minal was her younger sister. The ossification test also reflected the fact that the alleged victim was of an age between 17 and 19 years.(Some names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar/chandigarh", "code": "16947873", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti dies in road accident", "text": "JALANDHAR/CHANDIGARH: Noted comedian and filmmaker Jaspal Bhatti, 57, died in a road accident near Shahkot in the early hours on Thursday. Bhatti along with his son Jasraj who was on the wheel, and two others was coming to Jalandhar from Bathinda for the promotion of his new film 'Power Cut' when the car hit a tree on the roadside.Bhatti was sitting in the rear seat of the car and received serious head injuries. The accident took place near the truck union on the outskirts of Shahkot.\"It is a blind turn. Either Jasraj had a nap or could not notice the turn and the car hit the tree,\" said Shahkot DSP M S Bhullar.The injured - son Jasraj, film heroine Surilie Gautam and Bhatti's media advisor Navneet - were shifted immediately rushed to hospital.\"Bhatti and the three injured were rushed to Orthonova Hospital in Jalandhar immediately in an ambulance and Bhatti died on the way,\" Bhullar said. \"Had it not been quick shifting, Navneet's life would also have been danger as he was also sinking,\" he added.Bhatti in his typical style had taken the star cast of his film to the power plant Bathinda to pay obeisance there. The hero of the film is named Current and the heroine Bijli. After finishing the promotion work in Batinda they were coming to Jalandhar where they were scheduled to interact with the media in Jalandhar at 12.30pm in the afternoon on Thursday. The media in Jalandhar had already been sent messages in typical Bhatti style as it read \"Pirated music launch scoop by Jaspal Bhatti of his new movie Power Cut....\".Jaspal Bhatti's body has been shifted to Civil Hospital Jalandhar for post mortem.Bhatti who shot into fame from his satirical shows 'Ulta Pulta' and 'Flop Show', had given a new dimension to comedy in TV serials. He was the first turbaned Sikh comedian on Indian TV.Meanwhile, friends and fans of Jaspal Bhatti expressed their condolences on Facebook after the news of his demise spread early Thursday morning. The Facebook account of Bhatti is flooded with messages of 'Rest in Peace' with people expressing shock at his untimely death in the road accident near Jalandhar.\"May his soul rest in please. Difficult to forget his serials, which will always live in the heart of people,\" posts Raj Kumar. \"Shocking sad news. A big loss,\" says Inderpal Singh. \"No words to express d grief fr someone who made us laugh... Ur contribution to Indian comedy will always be remembered ....RIP,\" adds Prithvi Vasdev. \"So shocked to Hear the sad demise of man who put smiles on our face with his witty one liners and comedy shows.....JASPAL BHATTI JI RIP...\", says Chanderdeep Bhatia.On October 21, Jaspal Bhatti had posted, \"Do watch the first day first show of Power Cut movie this Friday.\" The film launches his son Jasraj and he had been travelling for the past few days to promote the film.The latest post by the administration declares, \"Our beloved, the King of Comedy &amp; Social Satire, Jaspal Bhatti is no more. Unending tears flow down as we share this unfortunate news with you. An irreparable loss for the entire industry. Let's pray - may the departed soul rest in peace...\"Born on March 3, 1955 at Amritsar, Bhatti graduated from Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh as an electrical engineer.During his college days, he was popular for his street plays which were spoofs ridiculing corruption in society. Before venturing into television, he was a cartoonist for the The Tribune newspaper in Chandigarh.His satire on the Punjab police 'Mahaul Theek Hai' was his first directorial venture in Punjabi language. He played the role of Jolly Good Singh, a guard, in the movie 'Fanaa'. He also starred in the comedy Punjabi film 'Jijaji'.Bhatti and his wife Savita competed in a reality show 'Nach Baliye' in 2008. The couple put their best foot forward to entertain the audiences with their dancing and comic skills.The cremation is expected to take place later this evening after his body is brought here after completion of various legal formalities, including post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16944944", "title": "Family of three found dead at home", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a tragic incident, a three-member family from Kavundampalayam was found dead inside their residence in Saravana Nagar on Wednesday morning. It was later revealed that Paramasivam, a 36-year-old private taxi driver, had poisoned his wife and seven-year-old son late Monday night before he committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan in the drawing room of his residence. Police claimed they retrieved a suicide note from his shirt pocket in which he had written that he did not want to be separated from his family and so they were jointly taking the extreme step.\"There seemed to have been some family issues and the couple was not having a cordial marital life. Some of the family members tried to reconcile them just a few days back and there were elaborate discussions within the family,\" said M Kanagasundaram, inspector, Thudiyalur police station.According to police, Paramasivam was employed as a call taxi driver in the city and had married to Mohanavalli a few years back. Their son, P Naveen Kumar, was a class 2 student at the nearby government school. Paramasivam reportedly poisoned his wife and son after mixing it in a bottle of aerated drink and with savouries. \"There seem to be no foul play in the incident. He gave poison to his wife and child and later hanged himself from the fan in the front room,\" Kanagasundaram added.Paramasivam was supposed to take his cab out on a trip and his travel operator started trying on his mobile phone for a long time on Tuesday morning. They later send a man to his residence to check on him, who along with local residents saw him hanging from the fan and informed the police.A team from Thudiyalur police station rushed to the spot and broke down the door and took all three bodies into custody. A preliminary investigation was conducted by recording the statements of immediate family members in which they claimed that the family had some financial issues and it had become the cause of constant bickering between them. The post mortem was conducted at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital and Thudiyalur police have registered a case to probe further into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16951086", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti\u2019s humour will be missed: Himani", "text": "Jaspal Bhatti's sudden demise has shocked one and all. Himani Shivpuri, who shared screen with the actor claims that she is too shocked to react.\"I am so shocked that I cannot react. I remember spending good time with him and his quirky sense of humour will be missed,\" said Himani.While talking about her experience with the actor, she said, \"I had lot of fun working with Jaspal during Aa Ab Laut Chalen . He was a wonderful person and when we used to go for shopping in London he used to make it so entertaining for all of us.\"\"We were going to do a TV show together, but couldn't because there were date issues. It's a great loss and I will take time to cope up with the shock,\" concluded Himani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16949271", "title": "Why do they hate Barack Obama?", "text": "Many followers of Islam and a major political party of the United States have found a common ground-they both hate President Obama.Muslims started hating Obama when he ordered the US Army to kill Osama bin Laden . Republicans started hating him in 2008 when he won the Democratic Party's nomination as its presidential candidate. How could the Muslims and Republicans, who hate each other, end up discovering a common enemy? Let's take a look.On one end of the spectrum, Republicans have launched a hate campaign against Obama since 2008 because they thought he was \"too black\" to be the President of the United States. Four years later, they find some additional reasons to hate him more: besides being too black, they now consider him as one-third Muslim, one-third communist, and one-third alien. In fact, according to Gallup pool, 18 percent of Republicans still think that Obama is a Muslim, despite the fact that he is a Christian. Furthermore, 23 percent of Republicans, including Donald Trump , believe that Obama is not a natural-born US citizen and consequently, under Article 2 of the US Constitution, is ineligible to be president, despite the release of a certified copy of his original birth certificate from the Hawaii Department of Health . Moreover, some Republicans, including Mitt Romney , this year's presidential candidate, who usually sleeps with a copy of Machiavelli under his pillow, thinks Obama is not only a Muslim and an alien, but also a direct descendent of Karl Marx . We saw such hatred bubble to the surface during the presidential debate, in which Romney charged Obama with everything and anything, including the kitchen sink. \"Was Mr Romney lying in the debate?\" Paul Krugman answered his own question, \"Well, either that or he was making what amounts to a sick joke.\"On the other end, like Republicans, millions of Muslims also hate Obama but for different reasons. The Muslims think Obama not only killed their divine leader, bin Laden, but that he also supported the Koran burning event by Pastor Terry Jones in Florida on March 2011. In this vein, a recent anti-Islam film confirms the belief that Obama is out to destroy their religion.Hence, millions of Muslims are angry at Obama, and they found a way to express their anger by spreading the slogan \"Obama, Obama, we are all Osama\" from the Middle East to Africa, Pakistan, and Bangladesh , where mobs destroyed Christian churches and Buddhist temples. The slogan quickly spread to other Muslim countries, as well. \"Are Muslims looking for an opportunity to become violent? Are they confused, like Republicans?\" I asked Nobel Laureate Muhammad Yunus this question, and he replied, \"They are confused because they are uneducated, but you better not become an advocate for education.\" Upon hearing such an answer, I was puzzled. Yunus added, \"They just shot MalalaYousafzai-a baby-a 14-year-old schoolgirl. Her only crime was that she spoke out about her passion for education.\"It's true that efforts to educate Muslims leaders have been unsuccessful, and most of them still believe that bin Laden was a holy man. It is these beliefs that cause them to carry bombs on their bodies and kill innocent people, including women and children, even if the victim is only 14 years old. They call it Jihad, and they are convinced that the happiest moment for Allah was the morning of September 11, 2001. They believe that Allah was dancing with an ocean of joy that day because the Twin Towers came down, and it was \"bin Laden the Jihadist\" who led the way. And so because Obama ordered the assassination of their \"Jihadist\" leader, they hate him. I asked Yunus if he could imagine what questions the Taliban would ask Obama if they had the chance. This is how he thought it might go:Taliban: Why did you declare war on Islam?Obama: In Ankara , I made it clear that America is not-and never will be-at war with Islam.Taliban: Why did you kill our religious leader Osama bin Laden?Obama: Although I am a Christian, I am not only from a Muslim family, but I also spent several years in Indonesia and heard the call of the \"azaan\" at the break of dawn and the fall of dusk. For those reasons, I respect the message of the Holy Koran, which teaches us that whoever kills an innocent has killed all mankind. bin Laden killed nearly 3,000 innocent people on 9/11. So justice needed to be done.Taliban: Why did you sponsor a movie to insult the character of our prophet?Obama: I had nothing to do with the making of this film. I said in my speech at the United Nations General Assembly that the film mocking the Prophet Mohammed, which was made in the United States, was \"an insult not only to Muslims, but to America as well.\"Taliban: Whatever-we hate you anyway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16953471", "title": "Rao files nomination against Malhotra", "text": "NEW DELHI: VK Malhotra long's tenure as the president of the Archery Association of India will be challenged by BVP Rao, who on Thursday filed his nomination for the post of president in the sports body.A former IAS and UN official, Rao is the Vice president of Assam Archery Association and Convener of Clean Sports India, whose agenda is to change the old guard and start to reform sports federations.Following the intervention of Delhi high court, the Returning Officer of Archery elections has declared the final list of 102 voters including state units and other archery bodies.The Electoral College now include three North Eastern States Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Tripura, who were not given voting rights by AAI earlier.Nominations process started on Thursday and will end on October 29. Voting is scheduled here on November 9.Another challenger Dr GI Sharma, secretary Manipur Archery Associations has filed his nomination for senior vice president.Malhotra's nominee for this post is likely to be Tarlochan Singh, a veteran sports administrator who is also a Senior Vice President in the Indian Olympic Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16946910", "title": "Man drowns to death", "text": "INDORE: A fifty-year-old man drowned to death during idol immersion in Palasia here on Wednesday. The incident took place when he had gone to save his two friends from drowning.During immersion, a drowned to death in Palasia area here on Wednesday. The man went to save his two other friends who were drowning and failed to come from the pond.The deceased, identified as Munna Bheel, 50, is the son of Jivan Bheel. He was the resident of Musakhedi. He along with two others including Mukesh and Narendra Singh had gone to Pipliyahana Talab for the idol immersion of Goddess Durga.When Munna saw Mukesh and Narendra Singh drowning, he went to save the two and drowned himself. Few locals present at the spot noticed the three and went to rescue them, but managed to save only Mukesh and Narendra.The incident took place around 12 noon. Later, the police and fire brigade sleuths reached the spot .As soon as the police was informed, and Indore police reached the spot.However, Munna was already dead by then, said the police and sent his body to MY hospital for post-mortem. adding that body was sent to MY Hospital for post-mortem.In a bid to save his friends who were drowning, he also drowned. Local people save his friends, but he died.During the process of immersion, Mukesh first drowned in the pond. As soon, his friend Narendra noticed him drowning, he went to save him, and also drowned.Later, Munna Bheel noticed both of his friends drowning and went to save them and he also drowned. The incident created ruckus near the pond.Few local people noticed all three drowning in the water and went to save them. They managed to save Mukesh and Narendra but Munna drowned to the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16945518", "title": "Wet weather affects tourist arrivals in Ooty", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The inclement weather across the state has affected the traffic flow to Ooty this Pooja holidays. According to the Government Botanical Garden (GBG) officials, only about 8,071 tourists visited the garden on Tuesday while the number fell to 7,000 on Wednesday.This is far less when compared to the same period (pooja holidays) last year, when over 21,000 people crowded GBG on two days of Pooja. Traffic police also had a tough time last year with the surging crowds forcing them to tighten security as well as regulate the traffic.However, hoteliers claimed that they did good business. \"We expect more tourists from Karnataka during the weekend and from north India after Deepavali,\" said N Chandrasekhar, secretary, Nilgiris Hotels and Restaurants' Association.Last year, pleasant and salubrious weather encouraged people to travel up the hills. According to tourist guides, the weather forecast and the prevailing wet spell across the state have deterred tourists from visiting the hills. \"People don't want to risk travelling in the rain,\" a tourist guide said.GBG officials too are expecting a better crowd in the coming weekends. However, the heavy showers have affected blooms in the GBG. \"The climate is really very cold. Of course, it is nice to experience the cold weather,\" said Narayanan Pillai, a tourist from Kerala. \"But the blooms are spoilt in the botanical garden as well in the rose garden,\" he added.A tourist guide claimed that most of the tourists this time were people from Karnataka who mostly drive to the hill station besides people from the plains and Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16945859", "title": "KSRTC terminal likely to be delayed further", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The KSRTC terminal-cum-shopping complex on Mavoor Road in the city is not likely to be completed any time soon. As per the latest review of the work on the project undertaken by the technical experts of the KSRTC, who include senior officials, the contractors will take at least six more months to complete the bus terminal.The work began in April 2009 and it has already exceeded the project time-frame of two years. When the then transport minister, V S Sivakumar, visited the terminus in August 2011, he assured the people that the project would be completed by March 2012.It is now learnt that the delay in releasing funds has affected the smooth progress of the work.KSRTC zonal officer V J Saju said the work could be completed only by March, 2013. \"And if there is any technical issue in releasing funds, there are chances of the work getting delayed further,\" he said.A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, said the project had already been delayed and any further delay couldn't be tolerated.\"The government should resume the system of convening monthly meeting of contractors and MLAs to review the progress of works going on in their respective constituencies as that will help avoid delay in the implementation of various development projects,\" he said.Pradeep Kumar also said he wasn't aware of any issue regarding the release of funds for the KSRTC project. \"I will discuss the issue with KSRTC officials in the coming days,\" he said.The parking bays and the twin eight-floor structures that will house the shopping complex have almost been completed. But the administrative block is yet to be completed.KSRTC employees have already raised the complaint that the terminal does not have enough parking space and that it can handle only about 70 buses in the depot which has to chart over 300 trips a day.The technical experts, who visited the site, also discussed the issue related to the shifting of the oil filling unit in the proposed terminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945405", "title": "BJP chief under pressure to quit?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pressure seemed to be mounting on Nitin Gadkari from within the BJP even as the RSS leadership was struggling to finesse its stand on what to do with its protege. The trouble facing Gadkari, who seemed set for a second term before the controversy over funding of the Purti Group erupted, became evident on Wednesday when BJP veteran L K Advani suggested that the party chief submit himself to higher standards than others.\"I am of the view that the BJP should be different and should not claim immunity on either scale or nature of the allegations,\" Advani, who had quit the Lok Sabha after his name figured in the Jain hawala diaries, said.Advani complimented Gadkari for volunteering to face an inquiry, and also said the allegations against him had to do with \"standards of his business\" and not corruption. But his exhortation on higher standards was being seen as significant in view of gathering concern in the BJP that the revelations could hobble the party's aspiration to ride the anti-corruption wave sweeping the country.RSS mum, talks on graftWhile BJP chief L K Advani and leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj praised party chief Gadkari for his readiness to face scrutiny, the party's response to the disclosures in the media about the \"creative accounting\" practices of the Gadkari-founded Purti Group differs significantly from the staunch support Gadkari got when IAC activist Arvind Kejriwal levelled charges of land grab against Gadkari.Unlike in the last instance when Swaraj and Arun Jaitley led the defence dismissing Kejriwal's allegations of irregular allocation of land to Gadkari's companies, the BJP steered clear of getting into the merits of the revelations in the media. In contrast, the RSS sounded more sympathetic towards Gadkari.Its chief Mohan Bhagwat refrained from commenting on the charge facing the \"Nagpur boy\" whom he has backed, although his customary Dussehra speech in Nagpur focused on corruption. Sangh spokesperson Manmohan Vaidya, however, seemed to be supportive of Gadkari. \"A media trial is on and the concerned person (Gadkari) will put forth his view before the party,\" Vaidya said.Sources said the disclosures in TOI about the byzantine web of funds for Purti Group has put the Sangh leadership on the horns of a dilemma. Sources said while the Nagpur-based Sangh leadership recognized the need to contain the adverse political fallout from the scam, it did not favour drastic measures pending a probe. \"Resignation would be an admission of guilt and end Gadkari's career without giving him an opportunity to defend himself. This is precisely what happened to Bangaru Laxman who was made to resign on the basis of entrapment,\" said a source familiar with Sangh's thinking.However, while the Sangh has lately been the key driver in BJP's decision making, it was not clear whether its concern for Gadkari would trump the party's anxiety for swift damage-control measures. A section in the party feels that popular perception cannot be discounted while taking a decision.In their remarks, Advani, Swaraj and Jaitley seemed to recognize that it won't be possible to shrug off the charge. Advani referred to the government's decision, taken with remarkable alacrity, to order a probe into Purti's finances, expressing the hope that \"it will be fair and that the government will not use its political hostility to the BJP to colour the inquiry\". Jaitley had conceded the cruciality of a clean chit on Tuesday itself while speaking to reporters in Shimla.\"Our party president has already taken the correct step to express his readiness to face probe by any agency,\" Jaitley reiterated on Wednesday, a formulation which to many reflected the party's desire to keep a safe distance from the controversy that threatens to blunt the \"moral edge\" BJP hoped to have on the issue of corruption.Swaraj also emphasized Gadkari's willingness to face a probe, stopping well short of dismissing the latest round of allegations against the party chief as without merit.\"In this season of allegations, some allegations have been leveled against our national president as well. Nitin Gadkari has categorically stated that there is no wrongdoing and has offered himself for a probe,\" she said.But the perils of delaying a decision on Gadkari can prove costly. Advani's famous taunt to Congress that it always ends up paying double the price for dragging its feet on corruption (\"sau joote bhi khayenge aur sau pyaaz bhi\") can come to haunt his party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16947065", "title": "Release pension to retired employees: Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "LUDHIANA: The retired employees of non-government aided colleges of Punjab can heave a sigh of relief as the Punjab and Haryana high court, vide its interim order dated 10-10-2012, has directed the state government to enforce the implementation of pension and gratuity scheme by November 26.The retired employees held a meeting at Guru Nanak College for Women in the city on Wednesday to discuss the court order and decide future course of action.President of the Punjab Non-Government Aided College Employee (retired) Association professor S S Hundal said the employees, most of them in their seventies, are irked by the discriminating attitude of the state government and want urgent action by the chief minister towards implementing pension and gratuity scheme as per the Punjab and Haryana high court order. Other patrons of the association present at the meeting included R S Pawan, S S Chatha, V K Tiwari and S P Anand.Retired principal Jagmohan Singh said, \"We haven't been provided our pension despite the court order from last 10 years. About 200 members in our association have been waiting for the pensions to be released.\" The court ordered secretary, department of education, Punjab and secretary, finance department, Punjab to be present in the next hearing if the order is not implemented in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "16945304", "title": "Bhiwandi civic chief faces 2 cases", "text": "BHIWANDI: The Thane Anti Corruption Bureau has registered two criminal cases against the commissioner of Bhiwandi- Nizampura Municipal Corporation (BNMC), Achyut Hange at Nizampura police station in Bhiwandi.In the first complaint, filed by Manoj Dage, Hange has been accused of allowing a corporator, Mahendra Dehrekar, to contest civic elections in April this year despite knowing that he runs a firm which takes contracts for the BNMC. Hange allegedly did not oppose Dehrekar's affidavit before the polls.In the other case, filed by a Shiva Sena worker, Sharad Patil, Hange has been made the co-accused. The other accused are mayor Pratibha Patil and her corporator husband and ex-mayor Vilas Patil. According to the complaint Vilas did not disclose his criminal background and other detail in his affidavit before contesting elections. Despite knowing Vilas' background, Hange allegedly allowed him to contest the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16950801", "title": "Looking into investments made in Gadkari's company: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid allegations of dubious funding into the companies of BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, the corporate affairs ministry today said it is looking into investments made in his company.\"The matter is being looked into,\" a senior corporate affairs ministry official said. He was responding to a query on whether the ministry has started probe into allegations of dubious funding into Gadkari's company.Embarrassing details have come out about the alleged dubious funding of Maharashtra-based Purti Power and Sugar Ltd, run by Gadkari.On Tuesday, corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily had said that Registrars of Companies would inquire into the allegations.Media reports claim that major investments and large loans to Purti were made by a construction firm Ideal Road Builders (IRB) group, which had won contracts between 1995 and 1999, when Gadkari was PWD minister in Maharashtra.The BJP chief, who is set for his second term, has denied the allegations and has offered himself and his companies to any probe.Nitin Gadkari has cancelled his scheduled trip to Delhi today as he was indisposed.\"Nitinji has cancelled his routine visit to Delhi since he is indisposed due to exertion yesterday on Vijayadashmi,\" his personal staff said when contacted.It was widely speculated that Gadkari would be meeting the top party leaders in Delhi today, who have backed him", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16945275", "title": "Front portion of pub set ablaze in Patto", "text": "PANAJI: The front portion of a pub Butter which was to open in Patto shortly was set on fire by miscreants in the wee hours of Wednesday.Pub owner Gregg Furtado, in his complaint before the police, stated that at 8am on Wednesday, he received a call from his partner Lionel Machado informing him that the security guard from the building where his pub is located, called him up and told him that some two persons came to the pub and set fire to the front portion of the premises.Furtado said the front entrance portion, which is made up of wooden material, was burnt and a plastic can was lying at the site containing inflammable liquid.He said that after checking the CCTV footage, he saw that two persons came to the pub holding the plastic can with their faces covered with handkerchiefs.The persons were of medium height, strong built, and wore T-shirts. The footage shows them throwing the liquid from the can over the front portion of the pub and setting it on fire.As per the CCTV footage, the miscreants came on Wednesday at 3 am and fled from the spot in five minutes after setting fire. The fire burnt till 3.30am.Furtado has stated that the damage caused due to fire is approximately 2 lakh. Sources said it is suspected that club rivalry is behind the incident. PSI N Chimulkar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946551", "title": "121 kg ammonium nitrate seized", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major breakthrough, the Karuali police have seized a haul of 121.7 kg of ammonium nitrate from a house and have arrested one person for illegal possession of the explosive. Police suspect that the haul belonged to the two notorious dacoits, who are into the illegal mining in the region.According to Kotwali police in Karauli, an anonymous person informed them on Tuesday evening that some sacks of ammonium nitrate were stored in a house.\"We have seized three sacks containing nearly 121.7 kg of ammonium nitrate and have arrested one Rampal,\" said a senior police officer of Kotwali police station on Wednesday.According to police, the house belonged to dacoits Bhajan Singh and Bhanwar Meena, who managed to flee.Police have ruled out the possibility that the haul was to be used for some anti-national activity, i.e., blasts, etc., since they found in the investigations that the haul was to be supplied to illegal miners for exploding mines.\"The house situated in Mehtorpura village of the district belongs to Bhajan and Bhanwar. When we raided the house they were not found but the arrested man has confessed that he was to deliver the said haul to some persons. It was definitely going to be used for illegal mining,\" Anoop Singh, SHO, Kotwali police station, said.Police were interrogating Rampal to find about the whereabouts of the two fleeing dacoits, who are also wanted in a murder case that took place on September 30.\"We will interrogate him to find out the whereabouts of the fleeing accused and also if there are other places in the region where similar hauls of ammonium nitrate are hidden,\" said a senior police officer.Police have also booked the accused under various sections of the Explosives Act.According to the police, during the festive season checks near the border checkposts have been intensified due to the adjoining Uttar Pradesh border.Ammonium nitrate is used for mine-blasting purposes and has been banned by the state government following the Jaipur blasts in 2008.EomJaipur: In a major breakthrough against the illegal mining the Karuali police have seized a haul of 121.7 kg of ammonium nitrate from a house and have arrested one person for illegal possession of the explosive. Police suspect that the haul belonged to the two notorious dacoits of the region who are into the illegal mining in the region.According to the Kotwali police in Karauli information was sent to them by anonymous person that some sacks of ammonium nitrate are stored in a house in the district on Tuesday evening.\"We have seized 3 sacks containing nearly 121.7 kg of ammonium nitrate and have arrested one person Rampal,\" said a senior police officer of Kotwali police station on Wednesday.According to police, the house belonged to dacoits Bhajan Singh and Bhanwar Meena, who managed to flee from the scene.Police have ruled out the possibility that the haul was to be used by the men for some anti national activity such as blasts as their investigations found that the haul was to be supplied to the illegal miners who use it for explosion in illegal mining.Anoop Singh, station house officer, Kotwali police station, said, \"The house situated in Mehtorpura village of the district belongs to Bhajan and Bhanwar. When we raided the house they were not found but the arrested man has confessed that he had to deliver the said haul to some persons. It was definitely to be used in the work of illegal mining.\"Police were interrogating Rampal to find the whereabouts of the two fleeing dacoits who are also wanted in a murder case that took place on September, 30.\"We will interrogate him to find out the whereabouts of the fleeing accused and also if there are other places in the region where a big haul of ammonium nitrate is hidden,\" said a senior police officer of the district.Police have also booked the accused under various sections of the explosives act.According to the police, during the festive season the check up on the border check posts have been intensified recently in the district as the district has Uttar Pradesh border.Ammonium nitrate is used for blasting purposes and is been banned by the state government following the Jaipur blasts in the year 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16949362", "title": "US govt sues Bank of America on allegations of mortgage fraud", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US government has sued Bank of America for $1 billion on allegations of a multi-year mortgage fraud.In a complaint filed in a New York court, the department of justice alleged that from 2007 through 2009, Countrywide, and later Bank of America after it acquired Countrywide, implemented a new loan origination process called the Hustle, which was intentionally designed to process loans at high speed and without quality checkpoints.This generated thousands of fraudulent and otherwise defective residential mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that later defaulted, causing over $1 billion in losses and countless foreclosures.This is the first civil fraud suit brought by the department of justice concerning mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.\"For the sixth time in less than 18 months, this office has been compelled to sue a major US bank for reckless mortgage practices in the lead-up to the financial crisis,\" said US attorney Preet Bharara .\"Countrywide and Bank of America systematically removed every check in favour of its own balance - they cast aside underwriters, eliminated quality controls, incentivised unqualified personnel to cut corners and concealed the resulting defects.\"These toxic products were then sold to the government sponsored enterprises as good loans.\"This lawsuit should send another clear message that reckless lending practices will not be tolerated,\" Bharara said in a statement.This is an act of tiny margins relative to the size of the organisations and relative to the fraud committed, William K Black, a former bank regulator who teaches economics and law at the University of Missouri , told The Washington Post.\"Prosecutors can't argue that these cases will serve as a deterrence when there have been no criminal indictments of senior executives,\" he said.\"At some point, Bank of America can't be expected to compensate every entity that claims losses that actually were caused by the economic downturn,\" said the Bank of America spokesman, Lawrence Grayson.Bank of America \"acted responsibly to resolve legacy mortgage matters\", Grayson said.\"The claim that we failed to repurchase loans from Fannie Mae is simply false,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "credits", "code": "16950085", "title": "My Boss", "text": "Credits:Director : Jithu JosephCast : Dileep , Mamta Prejith, Mukesh, Salim KumarBanner : East Coast CommunicationsReleasing Date : 26 October, 2012Synopsis: This movie talks about the conflicts between an IT professional and his lady boss. Priya (Mamta Prejith) is an Australian citizen and prefers to settle in Kerala, while her assistant Manu (Dileep), a graduate in Engineering, desires to work abroad.Varied thoughts and cultural interests lead to constant disagreement between them. Manu tries hard to impress Priya, but in vain. However, when Priya requires Manu's help, he was on his toes to help her. As it turns out, helping Priya lands him in trouble, leading to more complications in their already strained relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16947378", "title": "Deadly mix of rain and garbage grips Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Keep your surroundings clean. Don't allow mosquitoes to breed. This is the two-line prescription from doctors of this garbage-inundated city to keep dengue and malaria at bay.With the onset of the northeast monsoon , fresh showers spell disaster in a city where garbage continues to pile up at every street corner. Chances of malaria and dengue spreading are very high, say doctors.Physicians and paediatricians are worried. \"The issue of garbage is bigger and more alarming than what we imagine. Garbage and rain water mix, leading to breeding of mosquitoes and the spread of malaria and dengue, and also air pollution. This is a major factor behind the outbreak of respiratory illnesses amongst children. I'm seeing 10-12 children with breathing difficulties every day,\" said Dr Yashoda Devi, paediatrician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16946569", "title": "Road repairing may not be completed before Diwali", "text": "JAIPUR: With its hands already full, Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will now have to take up the repairing and patching of roads falling under Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC). JMC has failed to initiate the patching work for the damaged roads which are supposed to be completed before Diwali.Earlier, the civic authorities were asked to complete the repair work before Diwali and the deadline was set by chief minister Ashok Gehlot . But the JMC officials have stated that it would be difficult for them to complete before the deadline. Now, the government has handed over some of the roads under JMC jurisdiction to the JDA.\"Tenders have not been floated till now. Diwali is approaching fast and it is unlikely that JMC would be able to complete the work. That's why, for the repairing of roads measuring 60 feet and above, a request has been made to the JDA which they have accepted,\" said a senior engineer of the JMC.Jaipur Development Commissioner Kuldeep Ranka has instructed the engineers of the JDA to identify such roads under JMC and expedite the patching work. \"We have been asked to refurbish the JMC roads of 60 feet and more before Diwali. We have deployed people and the repairing work will be completed before November 10,\" said Ranka.However, sources claim that JDC has expressed his dissatisfaction over the progress made so far. In a review meeting held on October 22, Ranka asked all the engineers to carry out the exercise on a war-footing measure. But officials are not showing their seriousness and has so far adopted a dilly-dallying attitude. Engineers were also asked to conduct training programmes on the quality of construction of the roads which was also ignored by the officials.So far, the JDA has been able to cover 60% of the roads and rest 40% are expected to be completed soon. All the zonal engineers have been warned that any lethargy would not be tolerated and action would be taken if repairing work remains incomplete before Diwali.Government has also asked the Delhi metro officials to cooperate in the repair job of the roads where metro work is going on. \"The JDC has requested the metro officials to speed up refurbishing of the roads before Diwali. Situation of roads especially near railway station area is alarming,\" said official of JDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16951448", "title": "South-West monsoon weak across Karnataka.", "text": "MANGALORE: Khatak Chincholi in Bhalki taluk of Bidar district recorded maximum rainfall of 23mm in the last 24-hours in Karnataka up to 8.30am on Thursday. Rainfall over Karnataka in these 24-hours is considered as isolated since two per cent of the hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm, VS Prakash, director, Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre, Bangalore stated.Rainfall is isolated in eight districts, and negligible in 22 districts. South-west monsoon was weak in all 30 districts. Moderate rain was received in six districts, light rain in three; very light rain in 12 and no rain in nine. Isolated, light to moderate rain was received in Bellary, Shimoga, DK, Hassan, Belgaum, Bidar, Chikmagalur, Uttara Kannada and Tumkur. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the State.Karnataka for the period June 1 to October 25 recorded deficit rainfall of 28%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 953.4mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, Karnataka recorded rainfall of 689.5mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on October 24, four geographical regions of the state received 0.2mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 3.6mm, a deficit of 94%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16945292", "title": "Goa is still miles away from the e-waste management solution", "text": "Goa is still miles away from the e-waste management highway even though it generated an estimated 1,200 tonnes of electronic and electrical garbage in 2011. By 2015, e-waste generated by industries, domestic and commercial sectors in the state are expected to touch almost 1,400 tonnes.While appropriate technology for recycling e-waste is available-and some states have achieved a modicum of success in its management -a major chunk of Goa's e-waste is handled by the informal sector without adhering to safeguards. Experts assert that the lack of awareness about the toxic content in e-waste only adds to the delay in finding a solution to the issue.Not just PCs...A 2011-study of e-waste generation and management in Goa, commissioned by the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) and done by UPL Environmental Engineers Ltd, Vadodara, gave a clean chit to the state's 200 scrapyards for not dismantling computers for extraction of plastic, iron and copper.But Goa sees 70% of waste from electronic and electrical equipment (WEEE) as against 30% from personal computer (PC) waste; and these hazardous e-wastes are tackled sans precautions.\"Breaking of refrigerators at scrapyards for maximum recoveries of steel plates is common,\" a source explained. The workers dissecting the refrigerators without equipment are largely unaware of the health risk of chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) released during the process. Among its other effects, CFC as a major greenhouse gas has largely contributed to climate change.E-waste is also mostly disposed off with other garbage and household wastes. Tubelights and other illuminating devices find their way into landfill sites. \"The major quantum of e-waste in Goa is non-computer WEEE which is often disposed off at landfills though it could have been handled and space lost in landfills could have been saved,\" an engineer with the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) rued.The UPL report too notes, \"It should be segregated at the site, or sold or donated to organizations.\"Cancerous streakThe central pollution control board (CPCB) has laid down guidelines for scientific e-waste management.\"E-waste contains over 1,000 different substances which need to be handled in an environmentally-sound manner,\" state the CPCB guidelines, 2008.While Goa produces significantly less quantum of e-waste as compared to say cities like Bangalore or Mumbai, concern is being raised in some quarters as this waste is poised to grow exponentially. And taking this into consideration and heeding the CPCB guidelines, the GSPCB framed the E-waste (Management &amp; Handling) Rules, 2011.\"The rules have come into effect from May 1, 2012,\" says GSPCB chairman Jose M Noronha. He adds that the board is seized of the problem of e-waste and \"we are trying to enforce the rules as best as we can through education and enforcement\".Ashley Delaney of Group Ten Plus, the only authorized e-waste recycler in Goa, says awareness is the key to tackling the issue. \"Few people realize that various computer peripherals contain hazardous elements. A typical mother board or monitor, for instance, contains lead and mercury. These can cause liver problems, cancer and other health problems during dismantling and reprocessing,\" Delaney explains.The UPL report notes, \"The informal sector often resorts to open burning, acid bath and other hazardous methods due to lack of awareness among workers and owners about dangers involved or recycling technology.\"Solutions on the blockThe lack of awareness at various levels is felt as a major constraint in handling, treatment and disposal of e-waste. \"Some of the major companies are out of the e-waste management stream,\" a source said.A few companies dispatch their discarded computers to their head offices or donate them to welfare bodies or institutions. \"E-waste is one of the fastest growing waste streams and its toxic composition makes it imperative to have an efficient mechanism in place for responsible recycling,\" says Nitin Gupta, CEO, Attero Recycling, Roorkee, Uttarakhand.The UPL report too stresses on the necessity of management options to tackle the problem with the participation and coordination of regulatory authorities, industries and citizens. \"There is a need to create awareness among various stakeholders through various measures about this type of waste,\" it suggests.It also suggests reduction, recycling and recovery to soften the impact on environment and health impacts and save resources. \"A buy back system encouraging customers to give back their PCs after use should be implemented and their lifespan should be extended to reduce generation of e-waste,\" UPL concludes in its report.An organized collection of e-waste, including an attractive buy back scheme is inevitable. \"The option of giving a refrigerator or washing machine to the scrap dealer without even a token payment is unattractive,\" a housewife said.\"The manufacturers should adopt cleaner production technology and eliminate or reduce the use of hazardous substances such as cadmium, mercury, hexavalent chromium from electronic products,\" says state pollution control board chief Noronha.\"Even plastic may be biodegradable after many years, but e-waste has no time limit,\" a source concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16953161", "title": "Royal medallion missing for 100 years bought back", "text": "MYSORE: After it mysteriously went missing for more than a hundred years, the surpache (head medallion with feathers) occupied its place of pride on the turban worn by Srikanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar, the scion of Mysore royal family, as he performed the rituals on Vijayadashmi day.The surpache belonged to Raja Wadiyar, the king who began the Dasara celebrations 400 years ago after the decline of the Vijayanagara Kingdom. It went missing from the palace in the early 20th century probably between 1900 and 1910 when Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar was the Maharaja of Mysore.Beginning from Raja Wadiyar, every king wore the Mysore peta with the surpache stuck on it on all occasions, especially during Dasara festival when the kings led the procession. But after it went missing, for many years the celebrations went on without this diamond-studded surpache.However, a source told TOI that Sri Kanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar accidentally found it again after 100 years during his visit to an auction house in London. \"Srikanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar bought back the surpache by during the auction by paying a huge sum as he realized that it was a rare antique owned by his family and crafted by a local artist,\" the source said. It is said that the Wadiyar may have paid not less than Rs 8 crore for the medallion.The source recalled that Wadiyar had bought back a similar jewel made of emerald which was with a royal family in Tamil Nadu, adding that the he was keen on bringing back artifacts belonging to his ancestors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16952359", "title": "Communal tension in Faizabad, Akhilesh Yadav orders probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tension continued to prevail in Faizabad on Thursday despite imposition of curfew in Kotwal Sadar where Wednesday night clashes erupted between two communities in which a few shops were torched by a mob.More incidents of stone pelting in sensitive areas were reported on Thursday. This is the second incident of communal tension in Faizabad in last three months and ninth in the state in first eight months of the Samajwadi Party (SP) rule in the state.The trouble started following a clash between two communities over a dispute related to immersion of Goddess Durga idols on Wednesday evening. A few shops and several vehicles were set afire by the miscreants. The police had to cane charge trouble makers who resorted to stone pelting in which six people, including a sub-inspector was injured. While curfew was clamped by the district administration in the Kotwali Sadar area, prohibitory orders under section 144 of the CrPC were imposed in the entire city in view the tension. The Kotwali Sadar area is a few kilometres away from the disputed Ram Janambhoomi complex in Ayodhya. Though heavy police was deployed following clashes, the situation was brought under control only after CRPF commandos were pressed into service. On Thursday morning, more incidents of stone pelting between the two communities were reported from sensitive areas.District magistrate Sandeep Agarwal and Deputy Inspector General PK Mishra were said to be the spot monitoring the situation. On the directives of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , principal secretary (home) RM Srivastava and Director General of Police AC Sharma are also visiting Faizabad to probe the matter and submit report to the chief minister by the evening. Yadav, while talking to reporters, condemned the violence and said that situation in now under control. Reiterating government's commitment to maintain communal harmony in the state, Yadav said that he has issued direction to take strict action against trouble makers and officials found to be lax in discharge of their duties. He also said that the government will give adequate compensation to the victims of arson and look into the complaints of delay in the response of the district administration and police which allegedly aggravated the situation.Earlier, on July 24, 2012, two UP State Roadways buses were damaged as members of two communities clashed over a religious site in Mirzapur area of Faizabad after a brief altercation between members of two communities. In fact, eight incidents of communal clashes have taken places since SP came to power in March this year.The affected districts include Bareilly, Mathura, Pratapgarh, Ghaziabad, Lucknow, Kanpur, Allahabad and Faizabad among others. Last month, the Intelligence Bureau (IB) had issued a warning of 'volatile' communal situation in UP alerting the Centre about the possibilities of more communal flare ups in coming days. Sources said that the major worry of the IB is that the modules of various terrorist outfits might use the volatile situation to trigger more violence and engineer terror attacks, particularly on or before December 6, the 20th anniversary of Babri mosque demolition in Ayodhya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16947115", "title": "Ludhiana goes on shopping spree as discounts rain", "text": "LUDHIANA: Shopping, excited chatter, religious fervour, mouth-watering delicacies, laughter, gaiety and sheer pandemonium... the festive season in Ludhiana is here again. And along with all these, the season of delights also brings in loads of discounts and offers.Starting from Dussehra right up to Diwali, markets turn into discount wonderlands. Local markets like Kochhar Market, Ghumar Mandi, Sarabha Nagar are all glint and glamour to welcome residents, but the truth is that \"festive season makes you want to spend, at times even over spend\", confess Ludhianvis.Neha Dixit, 26, a resident of Dugri, said, \"During this season everyone is in the mood to splurge on clothing, electronics and home accessories. I wait for this season for the whole year \u2014 and clothes top my shopping list with the amazing discounts and deals available everywhere. I and my friends take a round of the markets almost every day so that we do not miss anything.\"Meanwhile. homemakers too want their homes to sport the best look for the season ahead. Komal Arora, 36, a resident of Haibowal, said, \"This year I am planning to redo the interiors of my house with markets flooding with discounts and sales. Gumar Mandi and Model Town markets are my favourite place, and I make sure I visit these to grab the best offers.\" As usual there is a mad rush to buy precious metal since Hindus consider this season auspicious to buy gold and silver. For Ludhianvis, this year diamonds have taken the place of gold with more and more women opting for diamond jewellry instead of gold for Karva Chauth and Diwali.Nitin Sachdeva of Model Town is planning to gift his wife a diamond ring on Karva Chauth. He says, \"The festive season is at its peak and jewellry shops are flooded with a variety of choices. The discounts and offers make it impossible to not buy. Rightly said \u2014 festive season buys are emotional buys... intuitive purchases.\"Luring advertisements and bonuses work like charms during festive season, said Kavita Khanna, 52, a residents of Pakhowal Road. \"We have two marriages coming up in our family and every day me and my daughters spend hours in the market to pick the best deals. The festive mood, luring advertisements, bonuses and credit cards work like charms that pull you to shop, and adding to that are discounts, free gifts, buy one get one free deals. After all, no one wants to pay the full price when they can get the same item for less,\" she said.Calling it a win-win situation, Gurcharan Singh, owner of a garment store, said, \"Staring October up to January, the festive season lures residents to forget the 'cost-discount math' and shop wholeheartedly. And in return we give away calendar, diaries, crockery sets as complementary gifts to our customers, as a token of our love and respect. It works great both ways.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947360", "title": "T Nagar market area out of bounds for autos during Diwali", "text": "CHENNAI:Keeping in mindthe rush in the shopping hub of T Nagar ahead of Diwali , the traffic police will introduce a set of restrictions and allocate more parking spacesherefrom Friday.Temporary parking for around 500 two-wheelers and 600 cars will be made available on seven roads , including Muthurangan Salai , G N Chetty Salai , west and east ends of Thyagaraya Road ,BurkitRoad and around Somasundaram playground . Parking for 250 autorickhsaws will be providedon someof these roads.Police plan to use school grounds for parking purposes on holidays . Space for more than 600 two-wheelers will be made available at corporation school on Prakasam Road , Ramakrishnan Main School and Ramakrishna School on Burkit Road . Parking space on private grounds will be available on Ramanathan Street ,Motilal Street ,Mahalakshmi Street.Local residents welcomed the move , but said that police had to make sure the plans were enforced . \"Police make these arrangements every year .Thoughthey arewell-thought out plans , enforcements is weak and therefore not entirely successful ,\" said V S Jayaraman , president of T Nagar Residents Welfare Association.Police also plan to restrict movement of autorickhsaws in congested areas . North Usman Road , areas around Panagal Park and Venkatnarayana Road are some roadswhere autoswill notbe allowedto ply .Many autorickshaw drivers are nothappywiththedecision .\"This is our livelihood . How can they impose such restrictions ?\" said N Kumaran , an auto driver .Police,defending their decision , said auto drivers tended to cause blocks by waiting on roads . \"Auto drivers wait for passengers . If they are on the move , we don't have a problem . But this is never the case ,\" said a traffic police officer from Mambalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945858", "title": "Two held for stealing bikes to fund travel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people were arrested for bike theft from M B Road while they were coming from Mehrauli side on a stolen bike. Ten bikes have been recovered at their instance.The accused were identified as Dilshad (27), a native of Ghaziabad and Vivek alias German (22), a native of Aligarh.The two met each other in Tihar where they were lodged for theft cases and planned to go abroad for a job. When they came out of jail, they realized they needed money to finance their travel and decided to steal bikes. However, the receiver of the vehicles at Meerut demanded for Hero Honda bikes so the duo did a reccee of these bikes and stole them, Ajay Chaudhry, Additional CP, southeast said.\"On October 22, our team signaled the duo to stop during a vehicle check but they tried to escape. They were overpowered. They had no papers and the bike turned out to be a stolen one,\" Chaudhry said.The accused told police that they conducted a reccee of the areas of south and southeast Delhi. They would often participate in the late night gatherings like Jagrans and mingled with the crowd. In early morning, they stole the bikes and drove to Meerut to dispose them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945394", "title": "Maiden triple for Dyuti Patki", "text": "MUMBAI: The 13-year-old Dyuti Patki clinched the first-ever triple in the GSC-MSDTTA 3-star ranking table tennis tournament hosted by Goregaon Spots Club on Wednesday. Dyuti won the sub-junior, junior and youth girls events for a rare record against the same opponent Ashlesha Trehan.Bharat Petroleum's Sanil Shetty, ranked No. 3 in the country, outplayed Western Railway's Noel Pinto 11-7, 11-4, 11-6, 11-5 to win the men's singles crown.In youth singles, it was Ravindra Kotiyan who survived a scare before beating Shaurya Pednekar 11-7, 12-10, 8-11, 11-9, 11-7 in the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16945494", "title": "Non-bailable warrant against ex-bank manager for \u2018fraud\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has issued a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against a public sector bank's former chief manager, accused in a 15-year-old case of cheating and forgery, after the CBI failed to trace him.Special CBI judge Anu Malhotra issued NBW against S S Wadhwa, former chief manager of Oriental Bank of Commerce, who had allegedly conspired with one N K Arora for making wrongful gains during his stint with the bank's Saket branch here in 1993-96.Wadhwa, along with Arora and eight others, was named 'accused' in the case registered by CBI in 1997 and was out on bail. The NBW was issued after he stopped appearing before the court when the matter was fixed for prosecution evidence. Wadhwa last attended court proceedings on February 22 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16947443", "title": "Tamil Nadu government to survey private labs doing disease tests", "text": "CHENNAI: A team of health department microbiologists has started visiting private laboratories in the state to ensure tests for dengue are done according to standard procedure . The team recommends the more reliable ELISA test instead of the rapid test.A health department official said government hospitals had stopped rapid tests as they were throwing up many false results. \"It's an extremely sensitive test, but not entirely reliable. In many cases, results were 'false' and caused panic. When we moved to ELISA test we did see a marked difference in the number of positive cases,\" said a health department official.The government has a detailed list of laboratories along with their addresses. The microbiologists will train laboratory staff if they find the testing methods below par. \"We are doing this as an emergency measure. We plan to extend this survey to all notifiable and communicable diseases,\" the official said.The department has also asked all private hospitals to report cases of communicable diseases under the Public Health Act as part of the monsoon preparedness plan. All local bodies have been told to ensure they clear garbage and undertake vector control measures in all areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16945112", "title": "HC expresses concern over suicides by women", "text": "MUMBAI: On the day Kandivli resident Kritika Patel jumped from a highrise with her two-year-old, the Bombay high court had expressed concern over the rise in suicide cases and attempts by women harassed by their in-laws.The court had taken judicial cognizance of the rising violence and crimes, including domestic cases, against women while hearing the state's appeal against acquittal in a dowry death case. Observing that it cannot act as a mute spectator, the HC in August 2011 had directed the state to evolve a machinery to ensure that women do not take the extreme step of committing suicide and that some kind of help is easily available to them.A division bench of Justices VM Kanade and PD Kode on October 22 sought to know whether the directions of the court are being complied with. Additional public prosecutor Pradeep Hingorani submitted that the women and child welfare department has detailed steps taken, including setting up of counselling centres, special cells in every district and toll-free helplines. He said there are several departments involved with the issue. \"You have taken some steps. But what more can be done?\" said Justice Kode.Intervener Tata Institute of Social Science's (TISS) advocate said helplines are working but there must be resource directories attached to them to guide women to professional organizations and facilities, including shelters and lawyers.\"There has to be a government-civil society partnership,\" she added. The judges said only because of the court's efforts does the state takes cognizance of such issues. \"It is necessary to change their mindset. They need to be goaded,\" said Justice Kanade.The judges said women who opt to take their lives need help. \"Most women who face harassment at the hands of their in-laws tend to commit or attempt suicide. They need help from trained psychoanalysts,\" Justice Kanade added.The judges also said they come across a number of cases of dowry deaths and abetment to suicide and that while hearing appeals against acquittal, the court can't mechanically decide appeals, ignoring what is happening in society. They also expressed concern about children being kidnapped for ransom. \"Not only women, even children are routinely being kidnapped for ransom. This is shocking,\" said Justice Kanade.An October 4 report by TISS professor Trupti Panchal said in order to curtail the problem of violence against women it is necessary to set up an autonomous registered society to constantly examine and handle the issue with priority. She added that helplines should act as a referral system depending on the needs of the woman seeking assistance and should be monitored and evaluated. The matter was adjourned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16946194", "title": "Make Aadhaar number compulsory for land registration: Khemka", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hours before he was removed from the land consolidation department, Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka had framed a few novel rules to put an end to fraudulent benami land deals in the state.In his last-ditch effort to rein in land sharks, Khemka, the then inspector general of registration, on October 10, made the Aadhaar number issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India mandatory for registration of land deals in Haryana. The next day he was transferred to the Haryana Seed Development Corporation.According to Khemka, it was for the first time in the country that Aadhaar numbers of both the seller and buyer were made compulsory for land registration.Justifying the move , Khemka wrote to the government: \"There are fraudulent transactions where a party sells the same property more than once. There are benami transactions where black money is recycled to evade the clutches of law. Use of Aadhaar number will help indentify all immovable properties of an individual across the state. This rule would be brought into force after a year (from October 1, 2013),\" so as to give the parties concerned ample time to obtain their Aadhaar number.The rules also made a gram panchayat resolution and subsequent approval of the state mandatory for transfer of panchayat or shamilat land (common land).According to the new rules, \"No transfer of possessory rights on gram panchayat or shamilat land will be registered unless authorized by a resolution of the gram panchayat and approved by the registrar.\"During the inspection of land records of some villages, Khemka found \"huge misappropriation of panchayat land\". \"The government may consider compiling the list of misappropriated panchayat land by way of changed ownership or unauthorized possession,\" he added. Khemka had also recommended a judicial inquiry into the \"large-scale misappropriation of panchayat land despite several judicial verdicts\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16952047", "title": "Satyajit Ray's real life love story was Bollywood-like", "text": "Culminating in an happy ending but only after some unexpected twists and turns, legendary filmmaker Satyajit Ray's real-life love story, revealed now by his wife, was nothing short of a typical Bollywood drama.In her recently released autobiography \"Manik and I\" the late director's wife Bijoya Ray recalls how the couple dated for eight long years, married secretly and then made a clever plan to convince the two families for the match. In the book published by Penguin, Bijoy recalls that she was friends with the Oscar-winning director, nicknamed Manik, since her teenage days but it was only in 1940 that they began to develop romantic feelings for each other while listening to music together every night.Madly in love, the couple initially thought they would never be able to marry as their families wouldn't agree to the relationship.\"He was younger than me and a close relative. Marriage was therefore out of the question. The two of us decided to never marry. We wanted our lives to continue the way they were,\" Bijoya writes. And when she shifted to Mumbai to find roles in films, Ray, who then used to work in an advertising agency, would write love letters and would often travel all the way from Kolkata to meet his girlfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16946737", "title": "Development Plan's future mired in political fights", "text": "PUNE: Political squabbles threaten to delay the approval of the Development Plan (DP) for the old city area with opposition parties in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) objecting to the approval of the draft in its present form.Last week, the PMC's City Improvement Committee (CIC) approved the new DP spanning 2007-2027 for the old city area with special provisions for the metro rail project, a transport hub, schemes for housing for the poor and cluster development of old dilapidated wadas.Though the CIC approved the DP, the ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Congress failed to table the DP in the General Body (GB) meeting last Thursday since they lacked a three-fourth majority in the House. The DP will now be tabled in a special meeting on October 25.Bharatiya Janata Party city chief and corporator Vikas Mathkari told TOI, \"We have urged municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak to stop the ongoing process to table and approve the DP in a special meeting to be convened on Thursday. The ruling alliance is conducting the process in a haphazard manner and without following the procedures laid down by law.\" He further said the civic administration and the ruling alliance have drafted the DP for the benefit of a few \"influential developers\" and not for the common citizens.Leader of the opposition in the PMC and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena corporator Vasant More said that the opposition parties will strongly oppose any move by the ruling alliance to approve the DP without any discussions. \"Our members were not allowed to speak when the DP was being approved in the CIC. While the NCP and Congress approved the DP without consulting members of the opposition, we will not allow this to happen in the GB meeting,\" he said.More added that the CIC has approved a residential zone in Sangamwadi that should have been protected as a green belt. The panel has also scrapped the hill top, hill slope zone in Bibvewadi. \"Opposition members were not allowed to oppose the changes,\" he said.Shiv Sena leader Ashok Harnawal said the civic administration has turned a water body reservation in Karvenagar into a residential zone and vacated a parking reservation in Model Colony also for a residential zone.The earlier DP for the old city area was drafted in 1982, passed in 1987 and was to expire in 1997. However, a 10-year extension was granted since the execution of works was only 20% complete. In 2007, the civic body sought yet another extension from the state government, which gave a new deadline of December 2010. But it was only in December 2011 that the civic administration completed and submitted the draft copy of the new DP to the CIC. This is the first DP in 25 years after 1987.Leader of the House and NCP corporator Subhash Jagtap said, \"The DP has already been delayed. There were sufficient discussions in the CIC before we decided to approve it. We have followed the legal process and the GB will take a final call.\"The state town planning department has told the PMC to prepare the draft DP for old city areas till April 2013 or else it will complete the process itself. In a letter to municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak dated August 10, 2012, state town planning director S S Suklikar said, \"If the PMC does not publish the draft DP by April 4, 2013, the divisional deputy director of town planning or an officer appointed by him will complete the further process.\"\"We cannot sit on the draft for long. Opposition will continue to rake up issues. Let them discuss the DP in the GB and we will answer their questions. But at no cost will we delay the process,\" said Arvind Shinde, leader of Congress in the PMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16947670", "title": "EMC Corp cuts full-year forecast after profit misses estimates", "text": "EMC Corp, the world's biggest maker of storage computers, cut its sales forecast for the year and posted earnings that missed estimates as a weak economy prompted corporate customers to curb spending. The stock fell.Sales this year will advance to $21.6 billion to $21.75 billion, the company said in a statement. In July, it projected sales of $22 billion.Third-quarter profit excluding some items was 40 cents a share, missing the 42-cent average of analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg.EMC joins other technology companies posting disappointing results as customers hold off on technology investments because of concerns about the economy. International Business Machines Corp, the biggest computer-services company, and Microsoft Corp, the largest software maker, last week reported sales that fell short of expectations as corporate clients pared outlays.EMC's sales climbed 6% to $5.28 billion in the third quarter. That compares with the $5.46 billion average estimate . Net income advanced to $626.3 million, or 28 cents a share, from $605.6 million, or 27 cents, a year earlier. Full-year earnings, excluding some items, will be $1.68 to $1.70 a share, EMC said. In July, it predicted $1.70. Analysts project earnings of $1.72 a share on sales of $22 billion.VMware's gainsVMware, the software maker majority-owned by EMC, on Tuessday reported thirdquarter profit that topped estimates as it gained corporate customers. VMware is the biggest maker of software that lets computers run multiple operating systems.Earnings excluding some costs was 70 cents a share, Palo Alto , Californiabased VMware said in a statement. That surpassed the average estimate of 63 cents a share, according to data compiled by Bloomberg . Sales rose 20% to $1.13 billion, matching analysts' projections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16945175", "title": "What steps should the authorities take to ensure citizens are not affected by a shortage of water supply?", "text": "Are we going to ration water like Mumbai? Hoteliers require water during the tourist season which starts now. The government had promised to give a boost to the economy in the state, but it has not done so. The people are unhappy, housewives are sad. Please Mr CM! You are killing us soflty with your option. Half bread is better than none. An alternate bypass is necessary. Bardez is the hotspot for tourists, it cannot afford to go dry. This should have been done in March and April, after the tourists leave. Maintenance work needs to be postponed until the bulk of tourists are out.Fritzie Moraes, Social activist, MapusaAtleast 15 days before, government should inform the public through the local media like newspapers, news channels and radio channels. The PWD should be geared up to supply clean drinking water to the affected citizens. Families should be equipped with water storing facilities like drums, barrels etc. to meet their water needs. But the important thing is that the stored water should be covered to prevent breeding of mosquitoes and one must boil the water before drinking.Milind Colvalcar, doctor, MapusaWater shortage is a very common problem facing the people of the state due to various reasons. When maintenance work is done, alternative arrangements have to be made to compensate for the shortage to avoid inconvenience to the consumers. More importantly, the government should avoid such work during peak tourist season unless it is an emergency. To conserve water, we must develop a mechanism to avoid water wastage and pilferage. The number of water treatment plants should also be increased for more water to be made available without any disruptions in supply.Sandeep Lawande dentist, PorvorimWater being an essential commodity the government must as far as possible ensure that its supply is uninterrupted. It is often the case that the personnel at the lower level do not handle the supply of water properly. The water supply process should be more organized to ensure a sufficient supply of water with no wastage.Benjamin Fernandes Tattoo artist, Anjuna", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16948901", "title": "Arjun Rampal angry over axed love scene", "text": "The actor, who usually avoids on-screen intimacy as a rule, was unhappy when the sequence was omittedArjun Rampal is angry and upset after seeing the first print of his new starrer Chakravyuh. Reason being his much talked about love-making sequence with Esha Gupta, shot over three long days, has been scrapped.Arjun and director Prakash Jha were heard having a heated argument over the scene that was edited out. A source revealed, \"When Arjun saw the scene had gone missing, he was unhappy. When he asked Prakash about it, he was told it wasn't required. This explanation further annoyed Arjun and he asked Prakash why the scene had been shot in the first place if it wasn't required.\"According to the source, Arjun is upset about the omission of a sequence that took a lot of painstaking concentration on his part. Significantly, it went against his principle of avoiding on-screen intimacy as far as possible.When contacted, Jha simply said, \"When I shot the love-making sequence with Arjun and Esha, I thought it would make for a tender interlude in a story that otherwise has no room for tenderness. But finally it didn't fit into the narrative. So I edited it out.\"This isn't the first time Arjun has faced such a situation. In Raajneeti , the actor had shot a graphic love-making sequence with Shruti Seth that was edited to a fraction of the original. However, Arjun took it in his stride at the time.In Heroine as well, \"What Madhur Bhandarkar narrated to Arjun and how his role finally shaped up were two completely different things. When Arjun saw the final cut, he was horrified.\" Arjun said, \"I'd rather not talk about Heroine. As for Chakravyuh, I've worked really hard on the part. I lost a lot of weight because of the tough action scenes and the gruelling hours. It was the toughest role of my career.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16945258", "title": "Why dengue cases sent to Delhi, govt to ask Civil Hospital", "text": "GURGAON: Following the TOI news report, \"No provision for platelets to dengue patients in hospital\" regarding platelets not being provided to below poverty line (BPL) patients and pregnant women at the Civil Hospital, the health department is going to seek a report from the hospital administration about the number of patients referred to Delhi in the past 15 days and the reasons behind referring them to Delhi.Moreover, the hospital administration, on its part, has decided to conduct a meeting of doctors once again asking them to implement the guidelines in letter and spirit.Haryana director health services (malaria), Dr Satvir Chaudhry, said, \"We will seek a report from the district civil surgeon in the matter. The facility in place should be implemented properly.\"When contacted, Dr Asruddin, principal medical officer, Civil Hospital, said, \"A letter in this regard was circulated to all doctors and departments concerned in August this year. However, a meeting of doctors will be called soon in this matter.\"In TOI's Monday news story, the apathy of government doctors was highlighted wherein instead of getting the platelets for BPL patients and pregnant women, they were referring them to Safdarjung Hospital for further treatment.A government guideline states that these patients would be given free platelet treatment and the cost would be borne by the government. There is an agreement with the city's five private hospitals which will provide platelets on demand at a pre-fixed rate to the Civil Hospital.Meanwhile, 40 new cases of dengue were confirmed on Wednesday by the district health department, taking the official figure for this year to 304. As many as 611 malaria cases have also been reported this year.On the action that could be taken against private hospitals if they fail to notify dengue cases on time to the health department, Chaudhry said a show-cause notice could be %issued against the erring hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953603", "title": "Additi Gupta returns with Zee TV\u2019s next?", "text": "The beautiful actress Additi Gupta claimed fame through Star Plus's show Kis Des Mein Hai Mera Dil as Heer. She further tried hands on a different genre with participating in a dance reality show, followed by Zee TV's Sanjog Se Bani Sangini and Life OK's Zindagi Kahey Smile Please.Off late, after the closure of Zindagi Kahey Smile Please , much was written in the media about Additi dating model Rizwan Bachav. Accordingly, she maintained a space and probably enjoyed a much needed holiday but now it seems the actress is all set to make a comeback to the tinsel town once again.A source informs, Additi Gupta has been finalized to essay lead in Ravi Ojha's upcoming family drama on Zee TV, where Additi will essay the character of Indira, eldest widow daughter in law of the family.We too hear that the tentative title for this show is ' Khela '. On contacting Additi Gupta, she refused to comment.Keep reading this space for more updates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16940846", "title": "Sangram Singh to open a wrestling and fitness academy in Pune", "text": "Indian wrestler Sangram Singh has big plans for the youth of the city. During his recent visit, he revealed to TOI that he is planning to open a wrestling and fitness academy for the enthusiasts.Sangram represented India at the Commonwealth Wrestling Championship, held in South Africa and was also awarded with the World's Best Professional Wrestler title by the World Wrestling Professionals (WWP) association, South Africa.In India, early this year, he shared that he wants to support those aspirants who don't have the monetary support to pursue the sport.\"It was my dream to open an academy for the children who have the potential but are unable to pursue their dream. This academy will focus on youngsters who are very talented but are restricted due to monetary crunch.And it will be free of cost for them to go ahead and live their dream,\" he shares. Apart from Pune, he also plans to open the academy in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16953175", "title": "Manipur to host 6th Manipur Polo International Tournament", "text": "GUWAHATI: The far-flung North Eastern state of Manipur may not be the most popular tourist destination but it does offer some unique experiences against a scenic backdrop. The government of Manipur is all set to organize the sixth Manipur Polo International tournament between 24 and 29 November. The tournament will coincide with the Manipur Sangai Festival 2012 organized by the ministry of Tourism.The theme of this year's tournament is 'Save the Manipuri Pony, the Original Polo Pony' from extinction and promotion of Polo Tourism in the state. The tournament will be conducted under Indian Polo Association Rules and mounted on Manipuri Pony.Teams from Hurlingham England, Germany, France and Thailand are participating in the tournament besides a team representing the Indian Polo Association and a team from Manipur. The foreign teams have been coordinated by Hurlingham Polo Association, the controlling body of International Polo, Royal Embassy of Thailand in India and Consul General of German Embassy in Kolkata.The tournament will be held at the Mapal Kangjeibung (Polo ground) in Imphal . The gallery, lawn and pavilions are being renovated currently.According to the organizers and many historians, polo may have been popularized by the British, it originated in Manipur. The game was known as 'Sangol Kangjei' in Manipuri. It is said that the first polo club in India was established in Silchar, Assam, in 1834.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "16945017", "title": "Bell boys return, first on duty at Dharmapuri GH", "text": "DHARMAPURI: Bell boys are not only confined to star hotels. One can now see a bell boy at the Dharmapuri GH too.The hospital administration has deputed a bell boy, Ganesan, a native of Dharmapuri to ring a bronze bell when it is time for visitors to leave. He will be referred to as 'Jamedhar,' said Dr M Elangovan, Residential Medical Officer (RMO), Dharmapuri Government Medical College Hospital. Elangovan said that they used to have such bell boys deployed at government hospitals about 30 years ago. But the system was abolished. Now, they have decided to bring it back.Visiting time at the hospital is between 6-8am, 1-2pm and 4-6pm. This is strictly followed and visitors are not allowed at times outside of the visiting schedule. The bell boy will go around the wards at 8am, 2pm and 6pm to ring the bell and indicate to visitors that it was time to leave, Elangovan said.\"Those days, we had provision to appoint a bell boy. But not anymore. So we deployed a boy from the hospital and gave him a bronze bell. The system received good response from visitors who are prompt in vacating the ward once they hear the bell,\" Elangovan said.\"Actually, we were surprised on hearing the sound of the bell,\" said Palaniappan, a patient, at the hospital. The sound is not a disturbance for me although it did surprise many of my visitors,\" Palaniappan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16946848", "title": "Young faces from MP may get inducted into Union cabinet", "text": "BHOPAL: With the conclusion of this year's Durga Puja celebrations, Congress party circles in Madhya Pradesh are rife with speculations about young faces from the state getting accommodated in the Union cabinet. President Pranab Mukherjee will be back in New Delhi after celebrating Durga Puja in his traditional home in West Bengal by Saturday and a cabinet reshuffle is likely after his return to the capital. UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh separately met the President last week triggering fresh speculations about the last major cabinet reshuffle before the 2014 general elections.As Madhya Pradesh goes to the polls next year, the party unit here is hopeful about the inclusion of more leaders from the state to improve the party prospects in the assembly elections.The PCC in Bhopal sees candidates like Meenakshi Natarajan and Arun Yadav getting included while Union minister of state for industries and commerce Jyotiraditya Scindia could get elevated to a more prestigious cabinet berth. Rumours are also abound that Mandsaur MP Meenakshi Natarajan has told the party central leaders that she would like to continue working for the organisation more than take the responsibilities of a ministry.Leaders in the state Congress argued that Natarajan is a first-time MP and would require more experience before her induction into the Union cabinet. She is considered part of the young faces team led by Rahul Gandhi. Thirty-seven-year old Arun Yadav, son of former deputy CM Subhash Yadav, has already held the positions of Union minister for heavy industries, public enterprise, agriculture, food processing, sports and youth affairs. But he was dropped in July 2011 and included as a party secretary. MPCC sources justified that Yadav could find his way back into the Union cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "16954024", "title": "Tamil Nadu fishermen 'attacked' by Lankan navy", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Sri Lankan naval personnel attacked a group of fishermen from Tamil Nadu with stones when they were fishing near Katchatheevu on Thursday, officials said.Around 4,000 fishermen from this island had sailed in 614 boats last night and were fishing near International Maritime Boundary Line off Katchatheevu, an islet ceded to Sri Lanka by India in the 1970s, when a section of them came under attack, they saidAccusing the fishermen of having entered their territory, the Sri Lankan naval personnel pelted stones at them, forcing them to return to the shores, officials said adding they had also cut some fishing nets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "kullu", "code": "16947203", "title": "Lord Rama's chariot rolls out, weeklong Kullu Dussehra begins", "text": "KULLU: With the end of Dussehra festival across the country on Vijayadashmi day after burning the effigies of Ravana, Kumbhakarna and Meghnath, the weeklong historic Dussehra festivities have begun in Kullu with the chariot of Raghunath (Lord Rama) rolling out towards Dhalpur Dussehra ground on Wednesday. As per tradition, other deities paid their obeisance to Lord Raghunath, who is the presiding deity of the festivity.Palanquins of over 225 deities, along with thousands of followers, are taking part in the festivity. Lakhs of people, including tourists, flocked to pull the chariot as it is believed that pulling or just touching the holy ropes brings immense prosperity and blessings.Police had a tough time handling the devotees imbued with devotion. Keeping with the tradition, the palanquin of Hadimba and Bijli Mahadev scattered the crowd and made way for the chariot. The chariot would rest in the lower ground till the seventh day, when it would be again wheeled to the banks of Beas river where some shrubs would be burned as symbol of burning of Lanka. But unlike other places, no effigies are burned here.Thousands of domestic and international tourists throng Kullu Dussehra to witness the unique blend of culture, tradition and devotion. A group of students from England have reached here for research and capture the Dussehra in films. Their group leader, Chadwick, said, \"We are staying in Shimla , but we reached here to see the Dussehra. Our experience is unexplainable. Students have got lots to explore here and understand Indian culture.\"Ramanuj Rai, another tourist from Karnataka, said he had never seen so many deities together ever in his life. \"People here have a strong faith in their deity, but also respect the others. Modernization has no bad effect on the culture and faith of hill people. Most palanquins are identical but I'm trying to capture as much as I can in my camera,\" he added.The royal family of Kullu -- Maheshwar Singh and family -- was dressed in their traditional royal attire to perform the rituals associated with Dussehra. Every year, palanquins of hundreds of deities arrive here from different parts of state and stay in a camp around the festival place for seven days, which remains the attraction for devotees and tourists.Meanwhile, cultural programmes also started at Lal Chand Prarthi Kala Kendra of Kullu, where several artists from various countries would perform for seven days. Kullu Dussehra was declared an international festival in 1972, considering its uniqueness. The festival, which conveys the message of victory of good over evil, is marked by a gathering of deities, their prayers, processions and cultural programmes, but not any burning of effigies.Dussehra celebrations in Kullu started in 1661 during the reign of the then ruler Raja Jagar Singh. Since then, idols of hundreds of deities from different parts of Kullu gather here and hold celebrations for a week.Dussehra is an important event for local residents as they do a lot of shopping to tackle the oncoming winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16945610", "title": "Police arrest man for woman\u2019s murder", "text": "SALEM: A 29-year-old man was arrested by police in connection with the murder of a 24-year-old married woman near Kondalampatty in Salem district on Wednesday.The deceased, P Tamil Selvi, wife of Pacha Muthu, a resident of Mecheri near Mettur in Salem district had separated from her husband two years ago due to a family feud. She was living with her mother Pechiammal in Sathiyamoorthy nagar. She was found dead near Uthukuzhi Kadu with her throat slit a few days ago, Kondalampatty police said.Salem district SP Aswin Kotnis had formed five police teams led by Salem rural Additional SP Saroj Kumar Takur. Inspectors Saravanan, Selvaraj, Ravichandran, Suresh Kumar and Hayal were part of the team.\"We had prepared a list by using Tamil Selvi's mobile phone and we had traced the culprit to C Marimuthu (29), who hails from Bharat Nagar in Tiruchengodu, Namakkal distrct. A building mason, he had an affair with her when he was involved in construction work near Tamil Selvi's house. He confessed to his crime during our interrogation,\" police said.He said in his statement that the deceased tortured him to marry her. He could not marry her as he already had a family in Tiruchengodu. On Monday, Tamil Selvi approached Marimuthu to discuss marriage. A quarrel ensued during which Marimuthu slit her throat with a knife. He has been lodged in Salem central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16946173", "title": "Indian Grand Prix: Sebastian Vettel ready for an encore?", "text": "Dhanyawaad... Aap ki aankhen bohot khoobsurat hai! (Thank you... You have beautiful eyes).Those were the parting words of 2011 world champion Sebastian Vettel , as he left India last year, leaving behind memories of a lifetime. The inaugural Airtel Indian Grand Prix went perfectly for Vettel, who had already sewed up his second successive world title before even stepping on the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) last year.This year the situation is totally different though-the Drivers' championship is wide open with just six points separating leader Vettel and Ferrari's Fernando Alonso-heading into the second edition of the Indian Grand Prix, which runs this Sunday.It probably has been the toughest season for Vettel since he joined Red Bull Racing in 2009 and finished a distant second to Brawn GP's Jenson Button that year.The German has matured manifold in the next three years and is now gunning for his third successive world crown. More importantly, he has begun to peak at the right time, after winning the last three races to edge ahead of Alonso.\"It's been an incredible season for all of us. After Singapore , it looks better for us than before. There are still some races left, and the car looks competitive. We just have to use the momentum and keep pushing in the upcoming races and see what happens,\" Vettel told TOI ahead of the Indian GP .The first seven races of the season witnessed seven different winners and Vettel is not prepared to take anything for granted.\"It's a bit difficult to predict what's going to happen. We have to make sure that we finish the races first of all. It's a tough championship so far but we're still in it. We're looking forward to the next couple of races, and obviously the target at the moment is to beat Fernando,\" the 25-year-old added.Vettel can't wait to return to the BIC. \"Well, the circuit is nice to drive on, but it is quite a big challenge! There are more up and downhills than you expect, and very impressive fast corners, so it is not easy to get everything right within one lap. It is quite a challenge to set up the car,\" he said.The man-who in 2010 became F1's youngest world champion at 23 years and 135 days-was delighted by the red carpet laid out by the Indian public for the F1 juggernaut last year. \"For sure there are little bits here and there they can improve, but as it was the first race, I think that's normal. What I appreciated was the way everybody welcomed us, in such a nice way.\"His fondest memories from last year's race? \"My trip to Taj Mahal. The drive was long but in the end it was so impressive to see and experience that I felt it was worth the trip. And, as I said, the people are so friendly and welcoming. The girls, of course, are really beautiful... really pretty eyes!\"VETTEL FILESBorn: July 3, 1987Birthplace: Heppenheim, GermanyRaces: 97Wins: 25Podiums: 43Pole Positions: 34Youngest F1 driver to score a point, lead a race, take pole position, win a race and clinch a World ChampionshipChildhood heroes are three Michaels - Michael Schumacher , Michael Jordan and Michael Jackson", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-25"}
